UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
19898,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Simon Martin joins Clearstream. Martin has more than 15 years of experience in the financial services industry. He… https://t.co/vH2MQrbEyN,nan,Simon Martin joins Clearstream. Martin has more than 15 years of experience in the financial services industry. He… https://t.co/vH2MQrbEyN,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['financial services industry', 'Simon Martin', 'Clearstream', '15 years', 'experience', 'vH2MQrbEyN', 'financial services industry', 'Simon Martin', 'Clearstream', '15 years', 'experience', 'vH2MQrbEyN']",2023-03-07,2023-03-14,Unknown
19899,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@messyspiritual I’ll check it out! I saw Clearstream and giving it a free trial go.,nan,@messyspiritual I’ll check it out! I saw Clearstream and giving it a free trial go.,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['free trial', 'Clearstream', 'free trial', 'Clearstream']",2023-03-06,2023-03-14,Unknown
20002,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Check out this great 5 ⭐️ #review for the ClearStream Eclipse amplified and then try one for yourself!Interested… https://t.co/1M0W1uqmST,nan,Check out this great 5 ⭐️ #review for the ClearStream Eclipse amplified and then try one for yourself!Interested… https://t.co/1M0W1uqmST,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['ClearStream Eclipse', 'great 5', 'ClearStream Eclipse', 'great 5']",2023-03-08,2023-03-14,Unknown
20003,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@setl_io @Clearstream @NorthernTrust @swiftcommunity $link,nan,@setl_io @Clearstream @NorthernTrust @swiftcommunity $link,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['NorthernTrust', 'NorthernTrust']",2023-03-08,2023-03-14,Unknown
20168,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition will feature at London's Photographers' Gallery  exhibit… https://t.co/6dF4IsGTOK,nan,The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition will feature at London's Photographers' Gallery  exhibit… https://t.co/6dF4IsGTOK,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition', ""Photographers' Gallery"", 'London', 'The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition', ""Photographers' Gallery"", 'London']",2023-03-10,2023-03-14,Unknown
20266,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/11ojAZA3Wf team |      Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda… https://t.co/FNoxi55gsb,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/11ojAZA3Wf team |      Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda… https://t.co/FNoxi55gsb,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['ojAZA3Wf team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'FNoxi55gsb', 'ojAZA3Wf team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'FNoxi55gsb']",2023-03-11,2023-03-14,Unknown
20315,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Bank’s 26 Billion Euros BlunderThe bank accidently sent 26 Billion Euros to an account in Deutsche Boerse… https://t.co/zp91z0vYc0,nan,Deutsche Bank’s 26 Billion Euros BlunderThe bank accidently sent 26 Billion Euros to an account in Deutsche Boerse… https://t.co/zp91z0vYc0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['26 Billion Euros Blunder', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Deutsche Bank', 'account', '26 Billion Euros Blunder', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Deutsche Bank', 'account']",2023-03-12,2023-03-14,Unknown
20316,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Reading the #report from Crypto Finance Group and Deutsche Börse found this image which I think is so important to… https://t.co/VhC0whEHNa,nan,Reading the #report from Crypto Finance Group and Deutsche Börse found this image which I think is so important to… https://t.co/VhC0whEHNa,neutral,0.37,0.61,0.03,neutral,0.37,0.61,0.03,True,English,"['Crypto Finance Group', 'Deutsche Börse', 'image', 'Crypto Finance Group', 'Deutsche Börse', 'image']",2023-03-12,2023-03-14,Unknown
20317,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/DiTQ0S6ktk,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/DiTQ0S6ktk,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'DiTQ0S6ktk', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'DiTQ0S6ktk']",2023-03-12,2023-03-14,Unknown
20327,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Hello We offer Swift MT760 BG/SBLC  FC MTN  BCL  DTC  KTT  EUROCLEAR  Bank Draft  Letter of Credit (LC)  MT103 Et… https://t.co/tZ61AtW0zz,nan,Hello We offer Swift MT760 BG/SBLC  FC MTN  BCL  DTC  KTT  EUROCLEAR  Bank Draft  Letter of Credit (LC)  MT103 Et… https://t.co/tZ61AtW0zz,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Swift MT760 BG/SBLC', 'FC MTN', 'Bank Draft', 'BCL', 'DTC', 'KTT', 'EUROCLEAR', 'Letter', 'Credit', 'MT103', 'Swift MT760 BG/SBLC', 'FC MTN', 'Bank Draft', 'BCL', 'DTC', 'KTT', 'EUROCLEAR', 'Letter', 'Credit', 'MT103']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,Unknown
20328,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Regulators shut Signature Bank  pick industry veteran to run bridge bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ed3AXWNbjE #regtech,nan,Regulators shut Signature Bank  pick industry veteran to run bridge bank #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ed3AXWNbjE #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Signature Bank', 'industry veteran', 'bridge bank', 'Regulators', 'regtech', 'Signature Bank', 'industry veteran', 'bridge bank', 'Regulators', 'regtech']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,Unknown
20329,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,First Republic touts position after boosting Fed  JPMorgan Chase borrowing limits #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/E1yQo4cO4r,nan,First Republic touts position after boosting Fed  JPMorgan Chase borrowing limits #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech… https://t.co/E1yQo4cO4r,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.02,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.02,True,English,"['JPMorgan Chase borrowing limits', 'First Republic', 'position', 'Fed', 'Fintech', 'JPMorgan Chase borrowing limits', 'First Republic', 'position', 'Fed', 'Fintech']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,Unknown
20330,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Banks must shift their focus from being product-centric to customer-centric #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/1S98oZVJ7N #regtech,nan,Banks must shift their focus from being product-centric to customer-centric #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/1S98oZVJ7N #regtech,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Banks', 'focus', 'customer', 'centric', 'S98oZVJ7N', 'Banks', 'focus', 'customer', 'centric', 'S98oZVJ7N']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,Unknown
20331,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,In abrupt reversal  regulators to cover SVB  SBNY uninsured deposits #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/dwlDSi3FYK #regtech,nan,In abrupt reversal  regulators to cover SVB  SBNY uninsured deposits #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/dwlDSi3FYK #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.67,0.31,neutral,0.01,0.67,0.31,True,English,"['SBNY uninsured deposits', 'abrupt reversal', 'regulators', 'SVB', 'Fintech', 'SBNY uninsured deposits', 'abrupt reversal', 'regulators', 'SVB', 'Fintech']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,Unknown
20332,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Banking Tech Awards 2022 Winner: Car IQ – enabling secure  seamless vehicle payments #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintec… https://t.co/DutFIEZMiX,nan,Banking Tech Awards 2022 Winner: Car IQ – enabling secure  seamless vehicle payments #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintec… https://t.co/DutFIEZMiX,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['secure, seamless vehicle payments', 'Banking Tech Awards', 'Car IQ', 'Winner', 'DutFIEZMiX', 'secure, seamless vehicle payments', 'Banking Tech Awards', 'Car IQ', 'Winner', 'DutFIEZMiX']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,Unknown
20333,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,US seeks to stymie bank-run risk as Yellen pledges protections #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/gMyjiSfcgv #regtech,nan,US seeks to stymie bank-run risk as Yellen pledges protections #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/gMyjiSfcgv #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.52,0.46,neutral,0.01,0.52,0.46,True,English,"['bank-run risk', 'US', 'Yellen', 'protections', 'Fintech', 'bank-run risk', 'US', 'Yellen', 'protections', 'Fintech']",2023-03-12,2023-03-14,Unknown
20334,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Silicon Valley Bank's 'old-fashioned' failure highlights lingering risks #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ghB805o04F #regtech,nan,Silicon Valley Bank's 'old-fashioned' failure highlights lingering risks #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/ghB805o04F #regtech,negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank', 'lingering risks', 'failure', 'Fintech', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'lingering risks', 'failure', 'Fintech']",2023-03-12,2023-03-14,Unknown
20335,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Markets at risk of more upheaval as banking uncertainty persists #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/d279uQGlE0 #regtech,nan,Markets at risk of more upheaval as banking uncertainty persists #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/d279uQGlE0 #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.53,0.47,neutral,0.01,0.53,0.47,True,English,"['banking uncertainty', 'Markets', 'risk', 'upheaval', 'banking uncertainty', 'Markets', 'risk', 'upheaval']",2023-03-12,2023-03-14,Unknown
20338,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,their seat is tall glass not clearstream😭,nan,their seat is tall glass not clearstream😭,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['tall glass', 'seat', 'tall glass', 'seat']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,Unknown
20339,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,house drink water of tall glass.seat - clearstreamcoa - a pitcherwords - as sweet as nectar.overall best in unserious.,nan,house drink water of tall glass.seat - clearstreamcoa - a pitcherwords - as sweet as nectar.overall best in unserious.,positive,0.8,0.18,0.02,positive,0.8,0.18,0.02,True,English,"['house drink water', 'tall glass', 'pitcher words', 'seat', 'clearstream', 'coa', 'nectar', 'house drink water', 'tall glass', 'pitcher words', 'seat', 'clearstream', 'coa', 'nectar']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,Unknown
20352,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Deixis9 @NipperMads @Orsted @coilltenews @ESBGroup @CDP @MSCI_Inc @euronext_ie @Sustainalytics @ecovadis @Forbes You are funny.,nan,@Deixis9 @NipperMads @Orsted @coilltenews @ESBGroup @CDP @MSCI_Inc @euronext_ie @Sustainalytics @ecovadis @Forbes You are funny.,neutral,0.44,0.56,0.01,neutral,0.44,0.56,0.01,True,English,"['Deixis9', 'NipperMads', 'Orsted', 'coilltenews', 'ESBGroup', 'CDP', 'MSCI_Inc', 'euronext_ie', 'Sustainalytics', 'ecovadis', 'Forbes', 'Deixis9', 'NipperMads', 'Orsted', 'coilltenews', 'ESBGroup', 'CDP', 'MSCI_Inc', 'euronext_ie', 'Sustainalytics', 'ecovadis', 'Forbes']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,Unknown
20353,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,ASETEK And DLTX On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Monday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/JVsRxTzqlz(VIANEWS) -… https://t.co/FXksYZ0uax,nan,ASETEK And DLTX On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Monday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/JVsRxTzqlz(VIANEWS) -… https://t.co/FXksYZ0uax,neutral,0.07,0.89,0.04,neutral,0.07,0.89,0.04,True,English,"['Euronext Session', 'ASETEK', 'DLTX', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Monday', 'JVsRxTzqlz', 'VIANEWS', 'FXksYZ0uax', 'Euronext Session', 'ASETEK', 'DLTX', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Monday', 'JVsRxTzqlz', 'VIANEWS', 'FXksYZ0uax']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,Unknown
20364,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/shell-plc-fourth-quarter-2022-070000886.html,Shell Plc Fourth Quarter 2022 Euro and Gbp Equivalent Dividend Payments,SHELL PLC FOURTH QUARTER 2022 EURO AND GBP EQUIVALENT DIVIDEND PAYMENTS March 13  2023 The Board of Shell plc (the “Company”) today announced the pounds...,SHELL PLC FOURTH QUARTER 2022 EURO AND GBP EQUIVALENT DIVIDEND PAYMENTSMarch 13  2023The Board of Shell plc (the “Company”) today announced the pounds sterling and euro equivalent dividend payments in respect of the fourth quarter 2022 interim dividend  which was announced on February 2  2023 at US$0.2875 per ordinary share.Shareholders have been able to elect to receive their dividends in US dollars  euros or pounds sterling. Holders of ordinary shares who have validly submitted US dollars  euros or pounds sterling currency elections by March 3  2023 will be entitled to a dividend of US$0.2875  €0.2716 or 24.11p per ordinary share  respectively.Absent any valid election to the contrary  persons holding their ordinary shares through Euroclear Nederland will receive their dividends in euros at the euro rate per ordinary share shown above. Absent any valid election to the contrary  shareholders (both holding in certificated and uncertificated form (CREST members)) and persons holding their shares through the Shell Corporate Nominee will receive their dividends in pounds sterling  at the pound sterling rate per ordinary share shown above.Euro and pounds sterling dividends payable in cash have been converted from US dollars based on an average of market exchange rates over the three dealing days from March 8 to March 10  2023. This dividend will be payable on March 27  2023 to those members whose names were on the Register of Members on February 17  2023.Taxation - cash dividendWith the Company’s tax residence moved to the UK  dividends paid to shareholders on their ordinary shares will not attract Dutch dividend withholding tax. This means that holders of the former A shares receive their dividends in full as Dutch dividend withholding tax is no longer withheld on these dividends. Holders of the former B shares receive their dividends directly from the Company as these dividends will no longer be paid through the Dividend Access Mechanism.Story continuesIf you are uncertain as to the tax treatment of any dividends you should consult your tax advisor.NoteA different currency election date may apply to shareholders holding shares in a securities account with a bank or financial institution ultimately holding through Euroclear Nederland. This may also apply to other shareholders who do not hold their shares either directly on the Register of Members or in the corporate sponsored nominee arrangement. Shareholders can contact their broker  financial intermediary  bank or financial institution for the election deadline that applies.EnquiriesShell Media RelationsInternational +44 (0) 207 934 5550Americas +1 832 337 4355CAUTIONARY NOTEThe companies in which Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this announcement “Shell”  “Shell Group” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise  the words “we”  “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them. These terms are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular entity or entities. ‘‘Subsidiaries’’  “Shell subsidiaries” and “Shell companies” as used in this announcement refer to entities over which Shell plc either directly or indirectly has control. Entities and unincorporated arrangements over which Shell has joint control are generally referred to as “joint ventures” and “joint operations”  respectively. “Joint ventures” and “joint operations” are collectively referred to as “joint arrangements”. Entities over which Shell has significant influence but neither control nor joint control are referred to as “associates”. The term “Shell interest” is used for convenience to indicate the direct and/or indirect ownership interest held by Shell in an entity or unincorporated joint arrangement  after exclusion of all third-party interest.Forward-Looking StatementsThis announcement contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) concerning the financial condition  results of operations and businesses of Shell. All statements other than statements of historical fact are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Forward-looking statements include  among other things  statements concerning the potential exposure of Shell to market risks and statements expressing management’s expectations  beliefs  estimates  forecasts  projections and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  ‘‘anticipate’’  ‘‘believe’’  ‘‘could’’  ‘‘estimate’’  ‘‘expect’’  ‘‘goals’’  ‘‘intend’’  ‘‘may’’  “milestones”  ‘‘objectives’’  ‘‘outlook’’  ‘‘plan’’  ‘‘probably’’  ‘‘project’’  ‘‘risks’’  “schedule”  ‘‘seek’’  ‘‘should’’  ‘‘target’’  ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. There are a number of factors that could affect the future operations of Shell and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements included in this announcement  including (without limitation): (a) price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas; (b) changes in demand for Shell’s products; (c) currency fluctuations; (d) drilling and production results; (e) reserves estimates; (f) loss of market share and industry competition; (g) environmental and physical risks; (h) risks associated with the identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets  and successful negotiation and completion of such transactions; (i) the risk of doing business in developing countries and countries subject to international sanctions; (j) legislative  judicial  fiscal and regulatory developments including regulatory measures addressing climate change; (k) economic and financial market conditions in various countries and regions; (l) political risks  including the risks of expropriation and renegotiation of the terms of contracts with governmental entities  delays or advancements in the approval of projects and delays in the reimbursement for shared costs; (m) risks associated with the impact of pandemics  such as the COVID-19 (coronavirus) outbreak; and (n) changes in trading conditions. No assurance is provided that future dividend payments will match or exceed previous dividend payments. All forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Additional risk factors that may affect future results are contained in Shell plc’s Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 (available at www.shell.com/investor and www.sec.gov). These risk factors also expressly qualify all forward-looking statements contained in this announcement and should be considered by the reader. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this announcement  March 13  2023. Neither Shell plc nor any of its subsidiaries undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information  future events or other information. In light of these risks  results could differ materially from those stated  implied or inferred from the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement.Shell’s net carbon intensityAlso  in this announcement we may refer to Shell’s “Net Carbon Intensity”  which include Shell’s carbon emissions from the production of our energy products  our suppliers’ carbon emissions in supplying energy for that production and our customers’ carbon emissions associated with their use of the energy products we sell. Shell only controls its own emissions. The use of the term Shell’s “Net Carbon Intensity” is for convenience only and not intended to suggest these emissions are those of Shell plc or its subsidiaries.Shell’s net-Zero Emissions TargetShell’s operating plan  outlook and budgets are forecasted for a ten-year period and are updated every year. They reflect the current economic environment and what we can reasonably expect to see over the next ten years. Accordingly  they reflect our Scope 1  Scope 2 and Net Carbon Intensity (NCI) targets over the next ten years. However  Shell’s operating plans cannot reflect our 2050 net-zero emissions target and 2035 NCI target  as these targets are currently outside our planning period. In the future  as society moves towards net-zero emissions  we expect Shell’s operating plans to reflect this movement. However  if society is not net zero in 2050  as of today  there would be significant risk that Shell may not meet this target.Forward Looking Non-GAAP measuresThis announcement may contain certain forward-looking non-GAAP measures such as cash capital expenditure and divestments. We are unable to provide a reconciliation of these forward-looking Non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures because certain information needed to reconcile those Non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is dependent on future events some of which are outside the control of Shell  such as oil and gas prices  interest rates and exchange rates. Moreover  estimating such GAAP measures with the required precision necessary to provide a meaningful reconciliation is extremely difficult and could not be accomplished without unreasonable effort. Non-GAAP measures in respect of future periods which cannot be reconciled to the most comparable GAAP financial measure are calculated in a manner which is consistent with the accounting policies applied in Shell plc’s consolidated financial statements.The contents of websites referred to in this announcement do not form part of this announcement.We may have used certain terms  such as resources  in this announcement that the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) strictly prohibits us from including in our filings with the SEC. Investors are urged to consider closely the disclosure in our Form 20-F  File No 1-32575  available on the SEC website www.sec. gov .LEI number of Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70Classification: Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a Member State,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.08,0.16,0.76,True,English,"['Shell Plc Fourth Quarter', 'Gbp Equivalent Dividend Payments', 'Euro', 'U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Enquiries Shell Media Relations International', 'fourth quarter 2022 interim dividend', 'Dutch dividend withholding tax', 'different currency election date', 'SHELL PLC FOURTH QUARTER', 'euro equivalent dividend payments', 'Dividend Access Mechanism', 'three dealing days', 'sterling currency elections', 'market exchange rates', 'indirect ownership interest', 'pound sterling rate', 'former A shares', 'former B shares', 'separate legal entities', 'unincorporated joint arrangement', 'Shell Corporate Nominee', 'securities account', 'nominee arrangement', 'tax residence', 'tax treatment', 'tax advisor', 'cash dividend', 'valid election', 'euro rate', 'election deadline', 'unincorporated arrangements', 'market risks', 'Shell interest', 'third-party interest', 'joint ventures', 'joint arrangements', 'The Board', 'ordinary share', 'US dollars', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'uncertificated form', 'financial institution', 'financial intermediary', 'useful purpose', 'significant influence', 'financial condition', 'historical fact', 'unknown risks', 'other things', 'potential exposure', 'pounds sterling', 'joint operations', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'joint control', 'sterling dividends', 'CAUTIONARY NOTE', 'Shell Group', 'particular entity', 'Shell companies', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'actual results', 'CREST members', 'Shell subsidiaries', 'other shareholders', 'GBP', 'March', 'Company', 'respect', 'February', 'euros', 'contrary', 'persons', 'average', 'names', 'Register', 'Taxation', 'UK', 'Story', 'bank', 'broker', 'Americas', 'investments', 'announcement', 'convenience', 'references', 'words', 'terms', 'associates', 'exclusion', 'meaning', 'businesses', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'beliefs', 'estimates', 'forecasts', 'projections', 'phrases', 'aim', 'ambition', 'goals', 'mileston']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
20365,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/correction-proposal-annual-general-meeting-141500880.html,Correction: New Proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Efecte Plc regarding Election of the Auditor,EFECTE PLC -- COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT -- 13 March 2023 at 16.15 Correction: New Proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Efecte Plc regarding...,Efecte OyjEFECTE PLC -- COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT -- 13 March 2023 at 16.15Correction: New Proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Efecte Plc regarding Election of the AuditorThe English translation of the company announcement concerning the new proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Efecte Plc regarding election of the auditor  published on 13 March 2023 at 14:35 erroneously contained a Finnish translation of the first sentence of the third text paragraph of the announcement (“Ehdotuksen taustalla on alun perin ehdotetun tilintarkastusyhteisön tuleva liiketoimintasuhde yhtiön kanssa ja sen vaikutus tilintarkastusyhteisön riippumattomuuteen.”). The Finnish translation of the sentence was included in error and may be disregarded.Below is the corrected announcement in its entirety:New Proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Efecte Plc regarding Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors of Efecte Plc has decided to make a new proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on 22 March 2023 regarding item 14 (Election of the Auditor).The Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that  instead of the originally proposed KPMG Oy Ab  BDO Oy  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.The proposal is made due to future business relationship of the audit firm with the Company and its effect on the independency of the audit firm. The proposed new auditor BDO Oy has participated in the evaluation process performed by the Company when preparing for the change of the Company’s present auditor (Ernst & Young Oy). Efecte Plc’s shareholders representing in total over 30 % of all shares and votes in Efecte Plc support the new proposal and have informed the Company to vote in favour thereof. BDO Oy has notified the Company that  subject to their election  Authorised Public Accountant Taneli Mustonen would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.Story continuesRegistrations for the Annual General Meetings already made by shareholders wishing to participate  as well as advance votes already cast  will remain valid without any action required. Shareholders who have already cast their votes in the advance voting  have the possibility to vote in respect of the new proposal either before the end of the advance voting period (15 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET)) or by attending the meeting either in person or by appointing an authorised representative. Unless changed  all votes cast in favour of the original proposal will remain valid and the new proposal will be treated as a counter proposal to the original proposal. More detailed guidance is included in Section C of the notice to the Annual General Meeting.The amended item 14 of the notice reads as follows:”14. Election of the auditorORIGINAL PROPOSAL:The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. KPMG Oy Ab has notified the Company that Authorised Public Accountant Miika Karkulahti would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.NEW PROPOSAL (13 March 2023):The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that BDO Oy  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. BDO Oy has notified the Company that Authorised Public Accountant Taneli Mustonen would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.”Apart from the new proposal in Section A  item 14 (Election of the auditor)  no other changes have been made to the original notice published on 1 March 2023. The amended notice to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders is below in its entirety:EFECTE PLC: NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNotice is given to the shareholders of Efecte Plc to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 22 March 2023 starting at 11:00 a.m. (EET) at Laurea Leppävaara Campus  main building  meeting room Tuomo (Vanha maantie 9  02650 Espoo). The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 10:00 a.m. (EET).The Company’s shareholders and their proxy representatives may also participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their shareholder rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are provided in this notice’s section C.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of person to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of thefinancial statements  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2022Presentation of the CEO’s review.The Company’s financial statements  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report will be available on the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com as of 1 March 2023.7. Adoption of the financial statementsand the consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendEfecte Plc’s Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividend be distributed for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2022.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsEfecte Plc’s shareholders representing in total over 30% of all shares and votes in Efecte Plc have proposed that remuneration for the elected board members remains unchanged and is paid for the following term of office as follows: Chairman of the Board EUR 45 000 and other members of the Board of Directors EUR 25 000 per year.In addition  the above-mentioned shareholders propose that approximately 40% of the remuneration be paid for in Efecte Plc’s shares and approximately 60% be paid in cash. The part of the remuneration paid in shares will be paid by issuing new shares and/or transferring the Company’s own shares to Board members within four weeks from the release of the business review for 1 January to 31 March 2023 or  if this is not possible considering insider rules  as soon as possible thereafter. The Company shall be liable for any transfer tax payable as a result of the payment of the share part of the remuneration.In addition  it is proposed that the members of the Board of Directors be compensated for reasonable travelling and other costs for attending the Board meetings and relating to other Board work.11. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that five (5) members be elected to the Board of Directors.12. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsEfecte Plc’s shareholders representing in total over 30 % of all shares and votes in Efecte Plc have proposed that the current members of the Board Pertti Ervi  Turkka Keskinen  Esther Donatz and Eric Gustavsson be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors  and that Panu Hannula be elected as a new member of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.Päivi Rekonen  current member of the Board of Directors  has informed that she is not available for re-election.The CVs and evaluations of independence of all persons proposed as Board members are available on the Company's website at https://investors.efecte.com/en. All proposed members have given their consent to the election.13. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the auditor be paid against an invoice approved by the Company.14. Election of the auditorORIGINAL PROPOSAL:The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. KPMG Oy Ab has notified the Company that Authorised Public Accountant Miika Karkulahti would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.NEW PROPOSAL (13 March 2023):The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that BDO Oy  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. BDO Oy has notified the Company that Authorised Public Accountant Taneli Mustonen would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.15. Amendment of the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Article 9 of the articles of association be amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to the Company’s domicile Espoo or in Helsinki as currently provided in the articles of association. In its amended form  said provision of the articles of association would read as follows (unofficial translation in English below for informational purposes only):9 § Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting is to be held each year within six months from the end of the financial year.At the Meeting  the following shall be presented:1. financial statements for the company and possibly for the group as well as a report of the Board of Directors;2. auditor’s report;resolved upon:3. confirmation of the company’s financial statements and possibly that of the group;4. use of the profit indicated in the financial statements;5. discharge of liability for the Board members and the CEO;6. number of the Board members;elected:7. the members of the Board of Directors as well as8. the auditor.The Annual General Meeting may be held in the company’s domicile or Helsinki. In addition  the Board of Directors may resolve on organising the general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their decision-making power in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical meansThe proposal is based on amendments made to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  including the possibility to arrange remote general meetings. The legislative amendments are based on the premise that shareholder rights shall not be compromised  and that all participating shareholders are able to exercise their shareholder rights in full  including the right to request information and to vote  in real time during the general meeting  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format. The possibility to organise remote general meetings enables the Company to be prepared for rapidly changing conditions in the Company’s operating environment and society in general  for example due to pandemics. It is important for the Company to have means available to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters presented to the general meeting under all circumstances.It is proposed that the articles of association will otherwise remain unchanged.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 450 000 shares in the Company in one or several instalments by using funds from unrestricted equity. The proposed number of shares corresponds to approximately 7 0% of all shares in the Company.The shares may be repurchased in order to improve the capital structure of the Company  to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements related to the Company’s business  to be transferred or cancelled for other purposes  to be used for the Company’s incentive plans  or if the Board of Directors otherwise deems it to be in the interest of shareholders.The price paid for the shares repurchased under the authorisation shall be based on the market price of the Company’s share in public trading. The minimum price to be paid shall be the lowest market price of the share quoted in public trading during the authorisation period and the maximum price the highest market price quoted during the authorisation period.The Company’s own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholding of the shareholders (directed repurchase).It is proposed that the authorisation be valid until the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation will revoke the repurchase authorisation granted by the Annual General Meeting on 17 March 2022.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares  and option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act in one or several instalments as described below.The Board of Directors would  pursuant to the authorisation  be entitled to resolve on the issuance of an aggregate maximum of 620 000 new shares. The Board of Directors may decide to issue new shares or shares held by the Company. The maximum number of shares included in the proposed authorisation accounts for approximately 9 7% of all shares in the Company.The authorisation includes the right to issue shares  option rights and/or other special rights entitling to shares through private offering  in other words  to deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights  if there is a weighty financial reason from the Company’s point of view  such as using them as consideration to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements or investments related to the Company’s business  and/or as part of the remuneration of Board members paid for in shares as resolved by the Annual General Meeting. The authorisation also includes the right to issue shares  option rights and/or other special rights entitling to shares against payment or for free. A directed issue without payment requires that there is an especially weighty financial reason from the Company’s point of view and taking the interests of all of its shareholders into consideration.Under the authorisation  the Board of Directors will be entitled to resolve on the terms and conditions of the issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to shares  including the recipients and the compensation to be paid.It is proposed that the authorisation be valid until the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation will revoke the share issue authorisations granted by the Annual General Meeting on 17 March 2022.18. Closing of the meetingB.DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe above-mentioned proposals for decisions relating to the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Efecte Plc’s website at https://investors.efecte.com/en. The financial statements  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  and the auditor’s report of Efecte Plc will be available on the above-mentioned website no later than 1 March 2023. The proposals for decisions and other above-mentioned documents are also available at the Annual General Meeting. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the general meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as of 5 April 2023 at the latest.C.INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS OFTHE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’registerEach shareholder who on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e. on 10 March 2023  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Registration for the Annual General Meeting will begin on 1 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall register for the meeting no later than by 10:00 am (EET) on 15 March 2023  by which time the registration must be received. Registration may be made:via the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com/enby telephone +358 10 2818 909 from Monday to Friday at 9:00 am to 12:00 noon and 1:00 pm to 4:00 pm; orby mail addressed to Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/Efecte Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information such as his/her name  personal identification number and contact details. The personal data given to Efecte Plc is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  his/her legal representative or proxy representative shall  if necessary  be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would be entitled  on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e. on 10 March 2023  to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  been temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 17 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). This constitutes the required registration for the general meeting for nominee-registered shares. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not have any impact on the right to participate in the general meeting nor on the number of votes.Holders of nominee-registered shares are advised to request from their custodian bank  without delay  necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and the registration for the Annual General Meeting. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  temporarily in the shareholders’ register of the Company by the aforementioned time 17 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) at the latest  and  if needed  to arrange for advance voting on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder before the registration concerning nominee-registered shareholders has ended.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also vote in advance as described in this notice.A proxy representative must identify to the electronic registration service and advance voting in person with strong identification  after which he/she will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder he/she represents. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder in the general meeting. A statutory representation right may be demonstrated by utilising the suomi.fi e-authorisations service used in the electronic registration service.When a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives who represent the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy and voting instruction template will be available on the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com/en on 1 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. (EET) at the latest. Proxy documents are recommended to be delivered either as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration  by email to agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting/Efecte Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki before the registration for the general meeting has ended  by which time the proxy documents must be received. Efecte Plc may demand original proxy documents if considered necessary by the Company.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to follow the instructions regarding proxies given by such holder’s custodian bank as described in section 2. Holders of nominee-registered shares above. If a holder of nominee-registered shares wishes to be represented by a party other than such holder’s custodian  such legal representative must provide Innovatics Ltd with a dated proxy demonstrating the right to represent the shareholder.4. Advance votingRegistration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting will begin on 1 March 2023. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance must register for the Annual General Meeting and vote in advance by Wednesday 15 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) at the latest  by which time the registration and advance votes must be received.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information such as his/her name  personal identification number and contact details. The personal data given to Efecte Plc is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.A shareholder who has voted in advance may request information under the Finnish Companies Act  request a vote at the general meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal  if they are present at the general meeting.Shareholders holding a Finnish book-entry account may register and vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting between 1 March 2023 and 15 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) in the following ways:a) via the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com/enElectronic registration and advance voting require strong identification of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or the proxy representative via Finnish or Swedish online bank service or mobile certificate.b) By mail or emailA shareholder voting in advance by mail or email must send the advance voting form available on the Company’s website https://investors.efecte.com/en or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting/Efecte Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by submitting advance votes by mail or email to Innovatics Oy  the submission of votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period is considered as official participation in the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s registration includes the information required for registration mentioned on the advance voting form.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the general meeting. Voting instructions will be available on the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com. Additional information on registration and advance voting is also available by telephone at +358 10 2818 909 during the registration period between 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. (EET) on weekdays.5. Otherinstructions and informationThe Annual General Meeting will be held in Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.The Company will publish video recordings of the address of the Chairman of the Board and the review of the CEO on the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com after the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders are requested to note that the video recordings are not a part of the official General Meeting material.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  1 March 2023  the total number of shares in Efecte Plc is 6 383 590 and the total number of votes in Efecte Plc is 6 383 590. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not have any impact on the right to participate in the general meeting nor on the number of votes.Espoo  1 March 2023EFECTE PLCThe Board of DirectorsFurther inquiries:Tatu PaavilainenHead of LegalEfecte Plctatu.paavilainen@efecte.com+358 400 383 064Certified Adviser:Evli Plc  tel +358 40 579 6210Efecte PlcEfecte helps people digitalize and automate their work. Customers across Europe leverage our cloud service to operate with greater agility  to improve the experience of end-users  and to save costs. The use cases for our solutions range from IT service management and ticketing to improving employee experiences  business workflows  and customer service. We are the European Alternative to the global goliaths in our space. Our headquarters is located in Finland and we have regional hubs in Germany  Poland  Spain and Sweden. Efecte is listed on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland marketplace.www.efecte.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.2,0.44,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'New Proposal', 'Efecte Plc', 'Correction', 'Shareholders', 'Election', 'Auditor', 'Authorised Public Accountant Taneli Mustonen', 'Authorised Public Accountant Miika Karkulahti', 'alun perin ehdotetun tilintarkastusyhteisön', 'Laurea Leppävaara Campus', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'authorised public accountants', 'Annual General Meetings', 'third text paragraph', 'future business relationship', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'advance voting period', 'authorised representative', 'meeting room', 'BDO Oy', 'Young Oy', 'voting tickets', 'Efecte Oyj', 'EFECTE PLC', 'English translation', 'Finnish translation', 'Ehdotuksen taustalla', 'evaluation process', 'principal responsibility', 'detailed guidance', 'Section C', 'other changes', 'main building', 'Vanha maantie', 'proxy representatives', 'shareholder rights', 'following matters', 'New Proposal', 'original proposal', 'counter proposal', 'first sentence', 'financial statements', 'audit firm', 'Section A', 'A. MATTERS', 'new auditor', 'present auditor', 'original notice', 'COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT', 'The Company', 'The Board', '10:00 a', '11:00 a', '13 March', 'Correction', 'Shareholders', 'Election', 'liiketoimintasuhde', 'ja', 'error', 'entirety', 'Directors', '22 March', 'item', 'term', 'close', 'effect', 'independency', 'Ernst', 'total', 'shares', 'votes', 'favour', 'Story', 'Registrations', 'action', 'possibility', 'respect', 'person', 'More', '1 March', 'Tuomo', '02650 Espoo', 'reception', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'minutes', 'counting', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'report']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
20366,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/proposal-annual-general-meeting-shareholders-123500071.html,New Proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Efecte Plc regarding Election of the Auditor,EFECTE PLC -- COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT – 13 March 2023 at 14:35 New Proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Efecte Plc regarding Election of...,Efecte OyjEFECTE PLC -- COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT – 13 March 2023 at 14:35New Proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Efecte Plc regarding Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors of Efecte Plc has decided to make a new proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on 22 March 2023 regarding item 14 (Election of the Auditor).The Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that  instead of the originally proposed KPMG Oy Ab  BDO Oy  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.Ehdotuksen taustalla on alun perin ehdotetun tilintarkastusyhteisön tuleva liiketoimintasuhde yhtiön kanssa ja sen vaikutus tilintarkastusyhteisön riippumattomuuteen.The proposal is made due to future business relationship of the audit firm with the Company and its effect on the independency of the audit firm. The proposed new auditor BDO Oy has participated in the evaluation process performed by the Company when preparing for the change of the Company’s present auditor (Ernst & Young Oy). Efecte Plc’s shareholders representing in total over 30 % of all shares and votes in Efecte Plc support the new proposal and have informed the Company to vote in favour thereof. BDO Oy has notified the Company that  subject to their election  Authorised Public Accountant Taneli Mustonen would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.Registrations for the Annual General Meetings already made by shareholders wishing to participate  as well as advance votes already cast  will remain valid without any action required. Shareholders who have already cast their votes in the advance voting  have the possibility to vote in respect of the new proposal either before the end of the advance voting period (15 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET)) or by attending the meeting either in person or by appointing an authorised representative. Unless changed  all votes cast in favour of the original proposal will remain valid and the new proposal will be treated as a counter proposal to the original proposal. More detailed guidance is included in Section C of the notice to the Annual General Meeting.Story continuesThe amended item 14 of the notice reads as follows:”14. Election of the auditorORIGINAL PROPOSAL:The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. KPMG Oy Ab has notified the Company that Authorised Public Accountant Miika Karkulahti would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.NEW PROPOSAL (13 March 2023):The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that BDO Oy  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. BDO Oy has notified the Company that Authorised Public Accountant Taneli Mustonen would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.”Apart from the new proposal in Section A  item 14 (Election of the auditor)  no other changes have been made to the original notice published on 1 March 2023. The amended notice to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders is below in its entirety:EFECTE PLC: NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNotice is given to the shareholders of Efecte Plc to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 22 March 2023 starting at 11:00 a.m. (EET) at Laurea Leppävaara Campus  main building  meeting room Tuomo (Vanha maantie 9  02650 Espoo). The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 10:00 a.m. (EET).The Company’s shareholders and their proxy representatives may also participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their shareholder rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are provided in this notice’s section C.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of person to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of thefinancial statements  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2022Presentation of the CEO’s review.The Company’s financial statements  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report will be available on the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com as of 1 March 2023.7. Adoption of the financial statementsand the consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendEfecte Plc’s Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividend be distributed for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2022.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsEfecte Plc’s shareholders representing in total over 30% of all shares and votes in Efecte Plc have proposed that remuneration for the elected board members remains unchanged and is paid for the following term of office as follows: Chairman of the Board EUR 45 000 and other members of the Board of Directors EUR 25 000 per year.In addition  the above-mentioned shareholders propose that approximately 40% of the remuneration be paid for in Efecte Plc’s shares and approximately 60% be paid in cash. The part of the remuneration paid in shares will be paid by issuing new shares and/or transferring the Company’s own shares to Board members within four weeks from the release of the business review for 1 January to 31 March 2023 or  if this is not possible considering insider rules  as soon as possible thereafter. The Company shall be liable for any transfer tax payable as a result of the payment of the share part of the remuneration.In addition  it is proposed that the members of the Board of Directors be compensated for reasonable travelling and other costs for attending the Board meetings and relating to other Board work.11. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that five (5) members be elected to the Board of Directors.12. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsEfecte Plc’s shareholders representing in total over 30 % of all shares and votes in Efecte Plc have proposed that the current members of the Board Pertti Ervi  Turkka Keskinen  Esther Donatz and Eric Gustavsson be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors  and that Panu Hannula be elected as a new member of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.Päivi Rekonen  current member of the Board of Directors  has informed that she is not available for re-election.The CVs and evaluations of independence of all persons proposed as Board members are available on the Company's website at https://investors.efecte.com/en. All proposed members have given their consent to the election.13. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the auditor be paid against an invoice approved by the Company.14. Election of the auditorORIGINAL PROPOSAL:The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. KPMG Oy Ab has notified the Company that Authorised Public Accountant Miika Karkulahti would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.NEW PROPOSAL (13 March 2023):The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that BDO Oy  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. BDO Oy has notified the Company that Authorised Public Accountant Taneli Mustonen would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.15. Amendment of the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Article 9 of the articles of association be amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to the Company’s domicile Espoo or in Helsinki as currently provided in the articles of association. In its amended form  said provision of the articles of association would read as follows (unofficial translation in English below for informational purposes only):9 § Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting is to be held each year within six months from the end of the financial year.At the Meeting  the following shall be presented:1. financial statements for the company and possibly for the group as well as a report of the Board of Directors;2. auditor’s report;resolved upon:3. confirmation of the company’s financial statements and possibly that of the group;4. use of the profit indicated in the financial statements;5. discharge of liability for the Board members and the CEO;6. number of the Board members;elected:7. the members of the Board of Directors as well as8. the auditor.The Annual General Meeting may be held in the company’s domicile or Helsinki. In addition  the Board of Directors may resolve on organising the general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their decision-making power in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical meansThe proposal is based on amendments made to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  including the possibility to arrange remote general meetings. The legislative amendments are based on the premise that shareholder rights shall not be compromised  and that all participating shareholders are able to exercise their shareholder rights in full  including the right to request information and to vote  in real time during the general meeting  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format. The possibility to organise remote general meetings enables the Company to be prepared for rapidly changing conditions in the Company’s operating environment and society in general  for example due to pandemics. It is important for the Company to have means available to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters presented to the general meeting under all circumstances.It is proposed that the articles of association will otherwise remain unchanged.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 450 000 shares in the Company in one or several instalments by using funds from unrestricted equity. The proposed number of shares corresponds to approximately 7 0% of all shares in the Company.The shares may be repurchased in order to improve the capital structure of the Company  to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements related to the Company’s business  to be transferred or cancelled for other purposes  to be used for the Company’s incentive plans  or if the Board of Directors otherwise deems it to be in the interest of shareholders.The price paid for the shares repurchased under the authorisation shall be based on the market price of the Company’s share in public trading. The minimum price to be paid shall be the lowest market price of the share quoted in public trading during the authorisation period and the maximum price the highest market price quoted during the authorisation period.The Company’s own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholding of the shareholders (directed repurchase).It is proposed that the authorisation be valid until the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation will revoke the repurchase authorisation granted by the Annual General Meeting on 17 March 2022.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares  and option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act in one or several instalments as described below.The Board of Directors would  pursuant to the authorisation  be entitled to resolve on the issuance of an aggregate maximum of 620 000 new shares. The Board of Directors may decide to issue new shares or shares held by the Company. The maximum number of shares included in the proposed authorisation accounts for approximately 9 7% of all shares in the Company.The authorisation includes the right to issue shares  option rights and/or other special rights entitling to shares through private offering  in other words  to deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights  if there is a weighty financial reason from the Company’s point of view  such as using them as consideration to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements or investments related to the Company’s business  and/or as part of the remuneration of Board members paid for in shares as resolved by the Annual General Meeting. The authorisation also includes the right to issue shares  option rights and/or other special rights entitling to shares against payment or for free. A directed issue without payment requires that there is an especially weighty financial reason from the Company’s point of view and taking the interests of all of its shareholders into consideration.Under the authorisation  the Board of Directors will be entitled to resolve on the terms and conditions of the issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to shares  including the recipients and the compensation to be paid.It is proposed that the authorisation be valid until the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation will revoke the share issue authorisations granted by the Annual General Meeting on 17 March 2022.18. Closing of the meetingB.DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe above-mentioned proposals for decisions relating to the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Efecte Plc’s website at https://investors.efecte.com/en. The financial statements  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  and the auditor’s report of Efecte Plc will be available on the above-mentioned website no later than 1 March 2023. The proposals for decisions and other above-mentioned documents are also available at the Annual General Meeting. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the general meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as of 5 April 2023 at the latest.C.INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS OFTHE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’registerEach shareholder who on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e. on 10 March 2023  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Registration for the Annual General Meeting will begin on 1 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall register for the meeting no later than by 10:00 am (EET) on 15 March 2023  by which time the registration must be received. Registration may be made:via the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com/enby telephone +358 10 2818 909 from Monday to Friday at 9:00 am to 12:00 noon and 1:00 pm to 4:00 pm; orby mail addressed to Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/Efecte Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information such as his/her name  personal identification number and contact details. The personal data given to Efecte Plc is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  his/her legal representative or proxy representative shall  if necessary  be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would be entitled  on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e. on 10 March 2023  to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  been temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 17 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). This constitutes the required registration for the general meeting for nominee-registered shares. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not have any impact on the right to participate in the general meeting nor on the number of votes.Holders of nominee-registered shares are advised to request from their custodian bank  without delay  necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and the registration for the Annual General Meeting. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  temporarily in the shareholders’ register of the Company by the aforementioned time 17 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) at the latest  and  if needed  to arrange for advance voting on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder before the registration concerning nominee-registered shareholders has ended.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also vote in advance as described in this notice.A proxy representative must identify to the electronic registration service and advance voting in person with strong identification  after which he/she will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder he/she represents. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder in the general meeting. A statutory representation right may be demonstrated by utilising the suomi.fi e-authorisations service used in the electronic registration service.When a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives who represent the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy and voting instruction template will be available on the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com/en on 1 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. (EET) at the latest. Proxy documents are recommended to be delivered either as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration  by email to agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting/Efecte Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki before the registration for the general meeting has ended  by which time the proxy documents must be received. Efecte Plc may demand original proxy documents if considered necessary by the Company.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to follow the instructions regarding proxies given by such holder’s custodian bank as described in section 2. Holders of nominee-registered shares above. If a holder of nominee-registered shares wishes to be represented by a party other than such holder’s custodian  such legal representative must provide Innovatics Ltd with a dated proxy demonstrating the right to represent the shareholder.4. Advance votingRegistration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting will begin on 1 March 2023. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance must register for the Annual General Meeting and vote in advance by Wednesday 15 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) at the latest  by which time the registration and advance votes must be received.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information such as his/her name  personal identification number and contact details. The personal data given to Efecte Plc is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.A shareholder who has voted in advance may request information under the Finnish Companies Act  request a vote at the general meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal  if they are present at the general meeting.Shareholders holding a Finnish book-entry account may register and vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting between 1 March 2023 and 15 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) in the following ways:a) via the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com/enElectronic registration and advance voting require strong identification of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or the proxy representative via Finnish or Swedish online bank service or mobile certificate.b) By mail or emailA shareholder voting in advance by mail or email must send the advance voting form available on the Company’s website https://investors.efecte.com/en or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting/Efecte Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by submitting advance votes by mail or email to Innovatics Oy  the submission of votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period is considered as official participation in the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s registration includes the information required for registration mentioned on the advance voting form.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the general meeting. Voting instructions will be available on the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com. Additional information on registration and advance voting is also available by telephone at +358 10 2818 909 during the registration period between 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. (EET) on weekdays.5. Otherinstructions and informationThe Annual General Meeting will be held in Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.The Company will publish video recordings of the address of the Chairman of the Board and the review of the CEO on the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com after the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders are requested to note that the video recordings are not a part of the official General Meeting material.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  1 March 2023  the total number of shares in Efecte Plc is 6 383 590 and the total number of votes in Efecte Plc is 6 383 590. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not have any impact on the right to participate in the general meeting nor on the number of votes.Espoo  1 March 2023EFECTE PLCThe Board of DirectorsFurther inquiries:Tatu PaavilainenHead of LegalEfecte Plctatu.paavilainen@efecte.com+358 400 383 064Certified Adviser:Evli Plc  tel +358 40 579 6210Efecte PlcEfecte helps people digitalize and automate their work. Customers across Europe leverage our cloud service to operate with greater agility  to improve the experience of end-users  and to save costs. The use cases for our solutions range from IT service management and ticketing to improving employee experiences  business workflows  and customer service. We are the European Alternative to the global goliaths in our space. Our headquarters is located in Finland and we have regional hubs in Germany  Poland  Spain and Sweden. Efecte is listed on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland marketplace.www.efecte.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.64,0.32,0.04,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'New Proposal', 'Efecte Plc', 'Shareholders', 'Election', 'Auditor', 'Authorised Public Accountant Taneli Mustonen', 'Authorised Public Accountant Miika Karkulahti', 'Laurea Leppävaara Campus', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'authorised public accountants', 'Annual General Meetings', 'future business relationship', 'More detailed guidance', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'consolidated financial statements', 'advance voting period', 'authorised representative', 'financial statementsand', 'meeting room', 'BDO Oy', 'Young Oy', 'voting tickets', 'Efecte Oyj', 'EFECTE PLC', 'Ehdotuksen taustalla', 'evaluation process', 'principal responsibility', 'Section C', 'other changes', 'main building', 'Vanha maantie', 'proxy representatives', 'shareholder rights', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'New Proposal', 'original proposal', 'counter proposal', 'audit firm', 'Section A', 'A. MATTERS', 'COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT', 'new auditor', 'present auditor', 'original notice', 'The Company', 'The Board', '10:00 a', '11:00 a', '13 March', 'Shareholders', 'Election', 'Directors', '22 March', 'item', 'term', 'close', 'alun', 'effect', 'independency', 'Ernst', 'total', 'shares', 'votes', 'favour', 'Registrations', 'action', 'possibility', 'respect', 'person', 'Story', '1 March', 'entirety', 'Tuomo', '02650 Espoo', 'reception', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'minutes', 'counting', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'report', 'year', 'CEO', 'review', 'website', 'investors', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
20367,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASPO-OYJ-1412432/news/Invitation-to-Aspo-s-Annual-Shareholders-Meeting-43229443/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,Invitation to Aspo's Annual Shareholders' Meeting,(marketscreener.com)  Aspo PlcStock exchange releaseMarch 13  2023 at 1 p.m. Invitation to Aspo’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting The shareholders of Aspo Plc are invited to attend the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on Tuesday  April 4  2023  at 10.00 …,Aspo PlcStock exchange releaseMarch 13  2023 at 1 p.m.Invitation to Aspo’s Annual Shareholders’ MeetingThe shareholders of Aspo Plc are invited to attend the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on Tuesday  April 4  2023  at 10.00 a.m. at Pörssitalo  Fabianinkatu 14  FI-00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at the meeting venue at 9.00 a.m.Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this invitation under section C.In addition  shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting can register to follow the meeting via webcast. Instructions for registering for the webcast are available on the Company’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  address the meeting otherwise  or to vote via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the General Meeting or exercise of the shareholders’ rights.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to confirm the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adopting the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  Consolidated Financial Statements  the Management Report and the Auditor’s report for the year 2022CEO’s review7. Adoption of the Financial Statements and the Consolidated Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year and that no dividend will be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. On December 31  2022  the parent company’s distributable funds totaled EUR 43 344 212.43  with the profit for the financial year totaling EUR 7 544 383.09. There are a total of 31 352 735 shares entitling to dividends on the date of this invitation. The dividend of EUR 0.23 per share will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of April 6  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on April 17  2023.In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share at a later date. The authorization would be valid until the next Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. The Board of Directors will decide at its meeting to be held on November 1  2023  on the second dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share  which would be paid in November 2023 to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date.Before the Board of Directors implements the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  it must assess  as required in the Finnish Companies Act  whether the company’s liquidity and/or financial position has changed after the decision was made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting so that the prerequisites for the distribution of dividends stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act are no longer fulfilled. The fulfillment of the prerequisites stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act is a requirement for the implementation of the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.9. Resolution on the discharge of liability to the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO for the financial year January 1  2022 – December 31  202210. Adoption of the Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting adopts the Remuneration Report. The resolution is an advisory resolution. The Remuneration Report is available on the Company’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.11. Adoption of the Remuneration PolicyThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting adopts the Remuneration Policy. The resolution is an advisory resolution. The Remuneration Policy is attached to the invitation to the meeting.The Board of Directors proposes that the sections of the Remuneration Policy concerning the amount of maximum long term remuneration of the CEO are specified in accordance with the Remuneration Policy attached to this invitation.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  the Audit Committee  and the Human Resources and Remuneration CommitteeThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the monthly fees paid to the Board members be increased moderately so that they would be as follows (current fees in brackets):• members of the Board of Directors: EUR 3 000 (2 700) per month• Vice Chair of the Board of Directors: EUR 4 400 (4 050) per month• Chair of the Board of Directors: EUR 6 000 (5 400) per monthIn addition  it is proposed that a meeting fee of EUR 800 (700) per meeting be paid to members of the committees and a meeting fee of EUR 1 200 (1 050) per meeting be paid to chairs of the committees. If the chair of a committee is also the Chair or the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  the fee paid to the chair of the committee be the same as that paid to members of the committee. Board members having a full-time position in an Aspo Group company are not paid a fee.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the Board of Directors will have seven members.14. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that Patricia Allam  Tapio Kolunsarka  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund  current members of the Company’s Board of Directors  be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for the term closing at the end of the 2024 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  and that Kaarina Ståhlberg be elected as a new member. Further information on the proposed members of the Board of Directors is available on the Aspo Plc’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.All proposed members of the Board of Directors are independent from the Company and its significant shareholders  excluding Patricia Allam and Tatu Vehmas  who are considered to be dependent on the significant shareholders of the Company.All of the aforementioned individuals proposed as members of the Board of Directors have given their consent to their appointment. The members of the Board of Directors elect a Chairman and a Vice Chairman from among its members. The proposed individuals have announced to the Company that  if they are elected  they will elect Heikki Westerlund as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Mikael Laine as the Vice Chairman.15. Resolution on amending rules of procedure of the Shareholders’ Nomination BoardThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting that its rules of procedure be changed. According to the proposal  members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board will be selected based on the list of shareholders dated May 31  while the date has previously been August 31.16. Resolution on the Remuneration of the AuditorIn accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  the Board of Directors proposes that remuneration be paid to the auditor according to an invoice approved by the Company.17. Election of the AuditorIn accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  the Board of Directors proposes that Deloitte Oy be elected as the Company’s auditor until the following Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Deloitte Oy has announced that Jukka Vattulainen  APA  will act as the auditor in charge  if the company is elected as the auditor.18. Resolution on amending the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that 10 § of the Company’s Articles of Association be amended to enable holding a general meeting of shareholders also entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. The amended paragraph of the Articles of Association would read as follows:”10 §Notice of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting shall be published in a stock exchange release and on the company’s website not earlier than two months and not later than twenty-one (21) days prior to the meeting  however  at least nine (9) days prior to the record date for the shareholders’ meeting. In addition  the Board of Directors may at their discretion decide to announce about the shareholders’ meeting in one or several newspapers.The Board of Directors may decide that the general meeting is held without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means (remote meeting).”The proposal regarding a meeting venue is based on amendments to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  which include the possibility to arrange general meetings remotely. The legislative changes are based on the premise that  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format  shareholders' rights must not be compromised and that all participating shareholders can exercise their shareholder rights in full in real time  including the right to present questions and vote. The possibility to arrange general meetings remotely enables the Company to prepare for rapid changes in the Company's operating environment and society in general  which may be caused  for example  by pandemics. It is important that the Company has the necessary means to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters that are presented in a general meeting under any circumstances.19. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of treasury sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of no more than 500 000 of the treasury shares using the unrestricted equity of the Company representing about 1.6% of all the shares in the Company. The authorization includes the right to accept treasury shares as a pledge.The shares shall be acquired through public trading  for which reason the shares are acquired otherwise than in proportion to the share ownership of the shareholders and the consideration paid for the shares shall be the market price of the Aspo’s share in public trading at Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the time of the acquisition. Shares may also be acquired outside public trading for a price which at most corresponds to the market price in public trading at the time of the acquisition. In connection with the acquisition of the treasury shares  derivative  share lending  or other agreements that are normal within the framework of capital markets may take place in accordance with legislative and regulatory requirements.The authorization includes the Board’s right to resolve on a directed repurchase or the acceptance of shares as a pledge  if there is a compelling financial reason for the Company to do so as provided for in Chapter 15  section 6 of the Finnish Companies Act. The shares shall be acquired to be used for the financing or execution of corporate acquisitions or other transactions  for execution of the Company’s share-ownership programs or for other purposes determined by the Board.The decision to acquire or redeem treasury shares or to accept them as pledge shall not be made so that the shares of the Company in the possession of  or held as pledges by  the Company and its subsidiaries would exceed 10% of all shares. The authorization is proposed to be valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2024 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Shareholders’ Meeting.The Board of Directors shall decide on any other terms and conditions related to the acquisition of treasury shares and/or accepting them as a pledge.20. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of treasury sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders´ Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue  through one or several instalments  to be executed by conveying treasury shares. An aggregate maximum amount of 2 500 000 shares may be conveyed based on the authorization. The authorization is proposed to be used for the financing or execution of corporate acquisitions or other transactions  for execution of the Company’s share-ownership program or for other purposes determined by the Board.The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all the terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to convey shares otherwise than in proportion to the share ownership of the shareholders  in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the Company to do so. The authorization is proposed to be valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2024 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Shareholders’ Meeting.Treasury shares may be transferred either against or without payment. Under the Finnish Companies Act  a directed share issue may only be carried out without payment  if there is an especially compelling reason for the same  both for the Company and in regard to the interests of all shareholders in the Company.The Board of Directors shall decide on any other terms and conditions related to the share issue.21. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of new sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue for consideration  or on a share issue without consideration for the Company itself. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to decide on a directed share issue  in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the company to do so. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue without consideration for the Company itself. The decision on a share issue without consideration to the Company itself shall not be made so that the shares of the Company in the possession of  or held as pledges by  the Company and its subsidiaries would exceed 10% of all shares.The total number of new shares to be offered for subscription may not exceed 2 500 000. The authorization is proposed to be valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2024 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Shareholders’ Meeting.22. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on charitable contributionsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on contributions in the total maximum amount of EUR 100 000 for charitable or similar purposes  and to decide on the recipients  purposes and other terms of the contributions. The authorization is proposed to be valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2024.23. Closing of the MeetingB. ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING DOCUMENTSThe aforementioned proposals on the agenda of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  this invitation to the meeting  and the Remuneration Policy attached to the invitation will be available on Aspo Plc’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting on March 13  2023  at the latest. The Company’s consolidated financial statements  the annual report and the auditor’s report for the financial year 2022 as well as the the Remuneration Report are available on the aforementioned website. Proposals and other documents mentioned above will also be available at the meeting.The minutes of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting will be available on the aforementioned website on April 18  2023  at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR PARTICIPANTS TO THE MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who on the record date of the General Meeting  March 23  2023  is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register. The possibility of using a proxy representative is described below.Registration for the meeting and advance voting will begin on March 13  2023  at 10.00 a.m. A shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register and who wishes to participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting must register for the meeting and  if applicable  vote in advance no later than by March 28  2023  at 4.00 p.m. by which time the registration and possible advance votes must be received. The instructions for advance voting are presented below.The registration can be done in the following ways:a) on Aspo’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeetingFor shareholders who are natural persons  strong electronic authentication is required. When shareholders who are natural persons log into the service through the Company’s website  they are directed to the electronic authentication. Thereafter  the shareholder can register for the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  authorize a proxy representative and vote in advance in one session. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.For shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must notify their book-entry account number and other required information. If a shareholder that is a legal person uses the electronic Suomi.fi authorization  registration requires a strong electronic identification from the authorized person  which can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Aspo Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinkic) by e-mail to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu.In connection with the registration  a shareholder is required to provide the requested information  such as his/her name  date of birth/personal identification number or business ID  address  telephone number and e-mail address as well as the name and date of birth/personal identification number of a possible authorized proxy representative  legal representative or assistant. The personal data given to Aspo Plc and Euroclear Finland Oy will be used only in connection with the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting and with the processing of related registrations. More information on the processing of the personal data is available in the privacy policy of Aspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  which is available on the website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.A shareholder  their possible authorized proxy representative  legal representative  or assistant must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.2. Holder of a nominee registered shareA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the meeting  March 23  2023. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting requires that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by March 30  2023  by 10.00 a.m. For nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the Company’s shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting and advance voting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  temporarily into the Company’s shareholders’ register at the latest by the time stated above and  if necessary  take care of advance voting on behalf of the nominee-registered shareholder prior to the expiry of the registration period for nominee-registered shareholders. Further information is also available on the Company's website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also vote in advance as described in this invitation. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting.If a shareholder participates in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Natural persons may appoint a proxy representative in connection with the electronic registration to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on the Company’s website. Otherwise  a proxy document must be used. A template proxy document is available on the Company’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.Any proxy documents are asked to be delivered by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Aspo Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu before the end of the registration period. In addition to the delivery of proxy documents  a shareholder or their proxy representative shall ensure that he/she has registered for the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in the manner described above in this invitation.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use electronic Suomi.fi authorization service in Euroclear Finland Oy’s general meeting service for authorizing their proxies instead of using the traditional proxy authorization. In this case  the shareholder that is a legal entity authorizes a representative appointed by it in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering  the representative must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland Oy’s general meeting service  after which the electronic mandate is automatically verified. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate. More information on electronic authorization is available at website www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Voting in advanceShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account may also vote in advance on agenda items 7-22 of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting during the period between March 13  2023 at 10.00 a.m. – March 28  2023 at 4.00 p.m.Advance voting can be done in the following ways:a) on Aspo’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeetingWhen shareholders who are natural persons log into the service through the Company’s website  they are directed to the electronic authentication. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.For shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must notify their book-entry account number and other required information. If a shareholder that is a legal person uses the electronic Suomi.fi authorization  advance voting requires a strong electronic identification from the authorized person  which can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Aspo Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinkic) by e-mail to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu.The advance voting form is available on the Company’s website. A legal representative or authorized proxy representative of a shareholder must in connection with delivering the voting form provide a dated proxy authorization document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.If a shareholder participates in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting by submitting votes in advance to Euroclear Finland Oy before the end of the registration and advance voting period  the submission constitutes due registration for the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  provided that they contain the information required for registration  as mentioned above.It is not possible for shareholders having voted in advance to use the right to request information  the right to request a vote or to vote on a possible counterproposal as stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act unless the shareholder participates in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting takes place through his/her account manager. The account manager may vote in advance on behalf of the nominee registered shareholders represented by it in accordance with the provided voting instructions during the registration period for the nominee registered shares.The agenda items subject to advance voting are deemed to have been presented unchanged at the general meeting. The terms related to the electronic advance voting and other instructions regarding the advance voting are available on the Company’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.5. Other instructions and informationThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting will be held in Finnish.Shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting can register to follow the meeting via webcast. Instructions for registering for the webcast are available on the Company’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  address the meeting otherwise  or to vote via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the General Meeting or exercise of the shareholders’ rights. Shareholders willing to follow the webcast can exercise their voting right by voting in advance on a matter included in the meeting’s agenda according to the instructions presented above.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the general meeting has the right to request information with respect to matters to be handled at the meeting.Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting or the number of voting rights held in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Aspo Plc has on the date of this invitation to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  on March 13  2023  a total of 31 419 779 shares and votes. The Company holds on the date hereof a total of 67 044 treasury shares  in respect of which voting rights cannot be exercised at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Helsinki  March 13  2023ASPO PLCBoard of DirectorsDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 18 different countries  and it employs a total of approximately 950 professionals.Attachments,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.44,0.13,0.43,True,English,"[""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Invitation', 'Aspo', 'maximum long term remuneration', 'next Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Stock exchange release', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'second dividend distribution', 'The Remuneration Policy', 'The Remuneration Report', 'shareholders’ register', 'shareholders’ rights', 'maximum amount', 'Remuneration Committee', 'financial position', 'meeting venue', 'General Meeting', 'Pörssitalo', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'section C.', 'Management Report', 'balance sheet', '2022 financial year', 'distributable funds', 'Audit Committee', 'Human Resources', 'monthly fees', 'current fees', 'record date', 'later date', 'The Board', 'Aspo Plc', 'advance voting', 'A. MATTERS', 'advisory resolution', 'parent company', 'Board members', '10.00 a', 'March', 'Invitation', 'Tuesday', 'April', 'Fabianinkatu', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'Instructions', 'addition', 'webcast', 'website', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'exercise', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'CEO', 'review', 'Adoption', 'use', 'profit', 'authorization', 'Directors', 'payment', 'dividends', 'shares', 'December', 'total', 'November', 'decision', 'liquidity', 'prerequisites', 'fulfillment', 'requirement', 'implementation', 'discharge', 'liability', 'sections', 'accordance', 'brackets', '9.00']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20368,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/13/2625548/0/en/Invitation-to-Aspo-s-Annual-Shareholders-Meeting.html,Invitation to Aspo’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting,Aspo PlcStock exchange releaseMarch 13  2023 at 1 p.m.         Invitation to Aspo’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting         The shareholders of Aspo Plc...,English FinnishAspo PlcStock exchange releaseMarch 13  2023 at 1 p.m.Invitation to Aspo’s Annual Shareholders’ MeetingThe shareholders of Aspo Plc are invited to attend the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting to be held on Tuesday  April 4  2023  at 10.00 a.m. at Pörssitalo  Fabianinkatu 14  FI-00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at the meeting venue at 9.00 a.m.Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this invitation under section C.In addition  shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting can register to follow the meeting via webcast. Instructions for registering for the webcast are available on the Company’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  address the meeting otherwise  or to vote via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the General Meeting or exercise of the shareholders’ rights.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to confirm the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adopting the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  Consolidated Financial Statements  the Management Report and the Auditor’s report for the year 2022CEO’s review7. Adoption of the Financial Statements and the Consolidated Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year and that no dividend will be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. On December 31  2022  the parent company’s distributable funds totaled EUR 43 344 212.43  with the profit for the financial year totaling EUR 7 544 383.09. There are a total of 31 352 735 shares entitling to dividends on the date of this invitation. The dividend of EUR 0.23 per share will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of April 6  2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on April 17  2023.In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share at a later date. The authorization would be valid until the next Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. The Board of Directors will decide at its meeting to be held on November 1  2023  on the second dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share  which would be paid in November 2023 to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date.Before the Board of Directors implements the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  it must assess  as required in the Finnish Companies Act  whether the company’s liquidity and/or financial position has changed after the decision was made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting so that the prerequisites for the distribution of dividends stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act are no longer fulfilled. The fulfillment of the prerequisites stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act is a requirement for the implementation of the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.9. Resolution on the discharge of liability to the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO for the financial year January 1  2022 – December 31  202210. Adoption of the Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting adopts the Remuneration Report. The resolution is an advisory resolution. The Remuneration Report is available on the Company’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.11. Adoption of the Remuneration PolicyThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting adopts the Remuneration Policy. The resolution is an advisory resolution. The Remuneration Policy is attached to the invitation to the meeting.The Board of Directors proposes that the sections of the Remuneration Policy concerning the amount of maximum long term remuneration of the CEO are specified in accordance with the Remuneration Policy attached to this invitation.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors  the Audit Committee  and the Human Resources and Remuneration CommitteeThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the monthly fees paid to the Board members be increased moderately so that they would be as follows (current fees in brackets):• members of the Board of Directors: EUR 3 000 (2 700) per month• Vice Chair of the Board of Directors: EUR 4 400 (4 050) per month• Chair of the Board of Directors: EUR 6 000 (5 400) per monthIn addition  it is proposed that a meeting fee of EUR 800 (700) per meeting be paid to members of the committees and a meeting fee of EUR 1 200 (1 050) per meeting be paid to chairs of the committees. If the chair of a committee is also the Chair or the Vice Chair of the Board of Directors  the fee paid to the chair of the committee be the same as that paid to members of the committee. Board members having a full-time position in an Aspo Group company are not paid a fee.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the Board of Directors will have seven members.14. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that Patricia Allam  Tapio Kolunsarka  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund  current members of the Company’s Board of Directors  be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for the term closing at the end of the 2024 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  and that Kaarina Ståhlberg be elected as a new member. Further information on the proposed members of the Board of Directors is available on the Aspo Plc’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.All proposed members of the Board of Directors are independent from the Company and its significant shareholders  excluding Patricia Allam and Tatu Vehmas  who are considered to be dependent on the significant shareholders of the Company.All of the aforementioned individuals proposed as members of the Board of Directors have given their consent to their appointment. The members of the Board of Directors elect a Chairman and a Vice Chairman from among its members. The proposed individuals have announced to the Company that  if they are elected  they will elect Heikki Westerlund as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Mikael Laine as the Vice Chairman.15. Resolution on amending rules of procedure of the Shareholders’ Nomination BoardThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting that its rules of procedure be changed. According to the proposal  members of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board will be selected based on the list of shareholders dated May 31  while the date has previously been August 31.16. Resolution on the Remuneration of the AuditorIn accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  the Board of Directors proposes that remuneration be paid to the auditor according to an invoice approved by the Company.17. Election of the AuditorIn accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  the Board of Directors proposes that Deloitte Oy be elected as the Company’s auditor until the following Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Deloitte Oy has announced that Jukka Vattulainen  APA  will act as the auditor in charge  if the company is elected as the auditor.18. Resolution on amending the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that 10 § of the Company’s Articles of Association be amended to enable holding a general meeting of shareholders also entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting. The amended paragraph of the Articles of Association would read as follows:”10 §Notice of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting shall be published in a stock exchange release and on the company’s website not earlier than two months and not later than twenty-one (21) days prior to the meeting  however  at least nine (9) days prior to the record date for the shareholders’ meeting. In addition  the Board of Directors may at their discretion decide to announce about the shareholders’ meeting in one or several newspapers.The Board of Directors may decide that the general meeting is held without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical means (remote meeting).”The proposal regarding a meeting venue is based on amendments to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  which include the possibility to arrange general meetings remotely. The legislative changes are based on the premise that  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format  shareholders' rights must not be compromised and that all participating shareholders can exercise their shareholder rights in full in real time  including the right to present questions and vote. The possibility to arrange general meetings remotely enables the Company to prepare for rapid changes in the Company's operating environment and society in general  which may be caused  for example  by pandemics. It is important that the Company has the necessary means to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters that are presented in a general meeting under any circumstances.19. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of treasury sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of no more than 500 000 of the treasury shares using the unrestricted equity of the Company representing about 1.6% of all the shares in the Company. The authorization includes the right to accept treasury shares as a pledge.The shares shall be acquired through public trading  for which reason the shares are acquired otherwise than in proportion to the share ownership of the shareholders and the consideration paid for the shares shall be the market price of the Aspo’s share in public trading at Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the time of the acquisition. Shares may also be acquired outside public trading for a price which at most corresponds to the market price in public trading at the time of the acquisition. In connection with the acquisition of the treasury shares  derivative  share lending  or other agreements that are normal within the framework of capital markets may take place in accordance with legislative and regulatory requirements.The authorization includes the Board’s right to resolve on a directed repurchase or the acceptance of shares as a pledge  if there is a compelling financial reason for the Company to do so as provided for in Chapter 15  section 6 of the Finnish Companies Act. The shares shall be acquired to be used for the financing or execution of corporate acquisitions or other transactions  for execution of the Company’s share-ownership programs or for other purposes determined by the Board.The decision to acquire or redeem treasury shares or to accept them as pledge shall not be made so that the shares of the Company in the possession of  or held as pledges by  the Company and its subsidiaries would exceed 10% of all shares. The authorization is proposed to be valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2024 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Shareholders’ Meeting.The Board of Directors shall decide on any other terms and conditions related to the acquisition of treasury shares and/or accepting them as a pledge.20. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of treasury sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders´ Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue  through one or several instalments  to be executed by conveying treasury shares. An aggregate maximum amount of 2 500 000 shares may be conveyed based on the authorization. The authorization is proposed to be used for the financing or execution of corporate acquisitions or other transactions  for execution of the Company’s share-ownership program or for other purposes determined by the Board.The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all the terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to convey shares otherwise than in proportion to the share ownership of the shareholders  in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the Company to do so. The authorization is proposed to be valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2024 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Shareholders’ Meeting.Treasury shares may be transferred either against or without payment. Under the Finnish Companies Act  a directed share issue may only be carried out without payment  if there is an especially compelling reason for the same  both for the Company and in regard to the interests of all shareholders in the Company.The Board of Directors shall decide on any other terms and conditions related to the share issue.21. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of new sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue for consideration  or on a share issue without consideration for the Company itself. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to decide on a directed share issue  in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the company to do so. The authorization is proposed to include the right of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue without consideration for the Company itself. The decision on a share issue without consideration to the Company itself shall not be made so that the shares of the Company in the possession of  or held as pledges by  the Company and its subsidiaries would exceed 10% of all shares.The total number of new shares to be offered for subscription may not exceed 2 500 000. The authorization is proposed to be valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2024 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Shareholders’ Meeting.22. Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on charitable contributionsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to decide on contributions in the total maximum amount of EUR 100 000 for charitable or similar purposes  and to decide on the recipients  purposes and other terms of the contributions. The authorization is proposed to be valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2024.23. Closing of the MeetingB. ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING DOCUMENTSThe aforementioned proposals on the agenda of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  this invitation to the meeting  and the Remuneration Policy attached to the invitation will be available on Aspo Plc’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting on March 13  2023  at the latest. The Company’s consolidated financial statements  the annual report and the auditor’s report for the financial year 2022 as well as the the Remuneration Report are available on the aforementioned website. Proposals and other documents mentioned above will also be available at the meeting.The minutes of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting will be available on the aforementioned website on April 18  2023  at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR PARTICIPANTS TO THE MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who on the record date of the General Meeting  March 23  2023  is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register. The possibility of using a proxy representative is described below.Registration for the meeting and advance voting will begin on March 13  2023  at 10.00 a.m. A shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register and who wishes to participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting must register for the meeting and  if applicable  vote in advance no later than by March 28  2023  at 4.00 p.m. by which time the registration and possible advance votes must be received. The instructions for advance voting are presented below.The registration can be done in the following ways:a) on Aspo’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeetingFor shareholders who are natural persons  strong electronic authentication is required. When shareholders who are natural persons log into the service through the Company’s website  they are directed to the electronic authentication. Thereafter  the shareholder can register for the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  authorize a proxy representative and vote in advance in one session. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.For shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must notify their book-entry account number and other required information. If a shareholder that is a legal person uses the electronic Suomi.fi authorization  registration requires a strong electronic identification from the authorized person  which can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Aspo Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinkic) by e-mail to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu.In connection with the registration  a shareholder is required to provide the requested information  such as his/her name  date of birth/personal identification number or business ID  address  telephone number and e-mail address as well as the name and date of birth/personal identification number of a possible authorized proxy representative  legal representative or assistant. The personal data given to Aspo Plc and Euroclear Finland Oy will be used only in connection with the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting and with the processing of related registrations. More information on the processing of the personal data is available in the privacy policy of Aspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  which is available on the website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.A shareholder  their possible authorized proxy representative  legal representative  or assistant must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.2. Holder of a nominee registered shareA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the meeting  March 23  2023. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting requires that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by March 30  2023  by 10.00 a.m. For nominee registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the Company’s shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting and advance voting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  temporarily into the Company’s shareholders’ register at the latest by the time stated above and  if necessary  take care of advance voting on behalf of the nominee-registered shareholder prior to the expiry of the registration period for nominee-registered shareholders. Further information is also available on the Company's website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also vote in advance as described in this invitation. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting.If a shareholder participates in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Natural persons may appoint a proxy representative in connection with the electronic registration to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on the Company’s website. Otherwise  a proxy document must be used. A template proxy document is available on the Company’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.Any proxy documents are asked to be delivered by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Aspo Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinki or by email to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu before the end of the registration period. In addition to the delivery of proxy documents  a shareholder or their proxy representative shall ensure that he/she has registered for the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in the manner described above in this invitation.Shareholders that are legal persons can also use electronic Suomi.fi authorization service in Euroclear Finland Oy’s general meeting service for authorizing their proxies instead of using the traditional proxy authorization. In this case  the shareholder that is a legal entity authorizes a representative appointed by it in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering  the representative must identify themselves with strong electronic authentication in Euroclear Finland Oy’s general meeting service  after which the electronic mandate is automatically verified. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate. More information on electronic authorization is available at website www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.4. Voting in advanceShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account may also vote in advance on agenda items 7-22 of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting during the period between March 13  2023 at 10.00 a.m. – March 28  2023 at 4.00 p.m.Advance voting can be done in the following ways:a) on Aspo’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeetingWhen shareholders who are natural persons log into the service through the Company’s website  they are directed to the electronic authentication. Strong electronic authentication can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.For shareholders that are legal persons  no strong electronic authentication is required. However  shareholders that are legal persons must notify their book-entry account number and other required information. If a shareholder that is a legal person uses the electronic Suomi.fi authorization  advance voting requires a strong electronic identification from the authorized person  which can be conducted with online banking codes or a mobile certificate.b) by regular mail to Euroclear Finland Oy  Yhtiökokous/Aspo Oyj  P.O. Box 1110  FI-00101 Helsinkic) by e-mail to yhtiokokous@euroclear.eu.The advance voting form is available on the Company’s website. A legal representative or authorized proxy representative of a shareholder must in connection with delivering the voting form provide a dated proxy authorization document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.If a shareholder participates in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting by submitting votes in advance to Euroclear Finland Oy before the end of the registration and advance voting period  the submission constitutes due registration for the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  provided that they contain the information required for registration  as mentioned above.It is not possible for shareholders having voted in advance to use the right to request information  the right to request a vote or to vote on a possible counterproposal as stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act unless the shareholder participates in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting takes place through his/her account manager. The account manager may vote in advance on behalf of the nominee registered shareholders represented by it in accordance with the provided voting instructions during the registration period for the nominee registered shares.The agenda items subject to advance voting are deemed to have been presented unchanged at the general meeting. The terms related to the electronic advance voting and other instructions regarding the advance voting are available on the Company’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting.5. Other instructions and informationThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting will be held in Finnish.Shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting can register to follow the meeting via webcast. Instructions for registering for the webcast are available on the Company’s website at www.aspo.com/shareholdersmeeting. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  address the meeting otherwise  or to vote via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the General Meeting or exercise of the shareholders’ rights. Shareholders willing to follow the webcast can exercise their voting right by voting in advance on a matter included in the meeting’s agenda according to the instructions presented above.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the general meeting has the right to request information with respect to matters to be handled at the meeting.Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting or the number of voting rights held in the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Aspo Plc has on the date of this invitation to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  on March 13  2023  a total of 31 419 779 shares and votes. The Company holds on the date hereof a total of 67 044 treasury shares  in respect of which voting rights cannot be exercised at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.Helsinki  March 13  2023ASPO PLCBoard of DirectorsDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 18 different countries  and it employs a total of approximately 950 professionals.Attachments,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.23,0.31,True,English,"['Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Invitation', 'Aspo', 'maximum long term remuneration', 'next Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Stock exchange release', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Consolidated Financial Statements', 'second dividend distribution', 'The Remuneration Policy', 'The Remuneration Report', 'English Finnish', 'shareholders’ register', 'shareholders’ rights', 'maximum amount', 'Remuneration Committee', 'financial position', 'meeting venue', 'General Meeting', 'Pörssitalo', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'section C.', 'Management Report', 'balance sheet', '2022 financial year', 'distributable funds', 'Audit Committee', 'Human Resources', 'monthly fees', 'current fees', 'record date', 'later date', 'The Board', 'Aspo Plc', 'advance voting', 'A. MATTERS', 'advisory resolution', 'parent company', 'Board members', '10.00 a', 'March', 'Invitation', 'Tuesday', 'April', 'Fabianinkatu', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'Instructions', 'addition', 'webcast', 'website', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'exercise', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Auditor', 'CEO', 'review', 'Adoption', 'use', 'profit', 'authorization', 'Directors', 'payment', 'dividends', 'shares', 'December', 'total', 'November', 'decision', 'liquidity', 'prerequisites', 'fulfillment', 'requirement', 'implementation', 'discharge', 'liability', 'sections', 'accordance', 'brack']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,globenewswire.com
20369,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SHELL-PLC-130945922/news/Shell-Plc-Fourth-Quarter-2022-Euro-and-Gbp-Equivalent-Dividend-Payments-43227389/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,Shell Plc Fourth Quarter 2022 Euro and Gbp Equivalent Dividend Payments,(marketscreener.com) SHELL PLC FOURTH QUARTER 2022 EURO AND GBP EQUIVALENT DIVIDEND PAYMENTS March 13  2023   The Board of Shell plc today announced the pounds sterling and euro equivalent dividend payments in respect of the fourth quarter 2022 interim divide…,SHELL PLC FOURTH QUARTER 2022 EURO AND GBP EQUIVALENT DIVIDEND PAYMENTSMarch 13  2023The Board of Shell plc (the “Company”) today announced the pounds sterling and euro equivalent dividend payments in respect of the fourth quarter 2022 interim dividend  which was announced on February 2  2023 at US$0.2875 per ordinary share.Shareholders have been able to elect to receive their dividends in US dollars  euros or pounds sterling. Holders of ordinary shares who have validly submitted US dollars  euros or pounds sterling currency elections by March 3  2023 will be entitled to a dividend of US$0.2875  €0.2716 or 24.11p per ordinary share  respectively.Absent any valid election to the contrary  persons holding their ordinary shares through Euroclear Nederland will receive their dividends in euros at the euro rate per ordinary share shown above. Absent any valid election to the contrary  shareholders (both holding in certificated and uncertificated form (CREST members)) and persons holding their shares through the Shell Corporate Nominee will receive their dividends in pounds sterling  at the pound sterling rate per ordinary share shown above.Euro and pounds sterling dividends payable in cash have been converted from US dollars based on an average of market exchange rates over the three dealing days from March 8 to March 10  2023. This dividend will be payable on March 27  2023 to those members whose names were on the Register of Members on February 17  2023.Taxation - cash dividendWith the Company’s tax residence moved to the UK  dividends paid to shareholders on their ordinary shares will not attract Dutch dividend withholding tax. This means that holders of the former A shares receive their dividends in full as Dutch dividend withholding tax is no longer withheld on these dividends. Holders of the former B shares receive their dividends directly from the Company as these dividends will no longer be paid through the Dividend Access Mechanism.If you are uncertain as to the tax treatment of any dividends you should consult your tax advisor.NoteA different currency election date may apply to shareholders holding shares in a securities account with a bank or financial institution ultimately holding through Euroclear Nederland. This may also apply to other shareholders who do not hold their shares either directly on the Register of Members or in the corporate sponsored nominee arrangement. Shareholders can contact their broker  financial intermediary  bank or financial institution for the election deadline that applies.EnquiriesShell Media RelationsInternational +44 (0) 207 934 5550Americas +1 832 337 4355CAUTIONARY NOTEThe companies in which Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this announcement “Shell”  “Shell Group” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise  the words “we”  “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them. These terms are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular entity or entities. ‘‘Subsidiaries’’  “Shell subsidiaries” and “Shell companies” as used in this announcement refer to entities over which Shell plc either directly or indirectly has control. Entities and unincorporated arrangements over which Shell has joint control are generally referred to as “joint ventures” and “joint operations”  respectively. “Joint ventures” and “joint operations” are collectively referred to as “joint arrangements”. Entities over which Shell has significant influence but neither control nor joint control are referred to as “associates”. The term “Shell interest” is used for convenience to indicate the direct and/or indirect ownership interest held by Shell in an entity or unincorporated joint arrangement  after exclusion of all third-party interest.Forward-Looking StatementsThis announcement contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) concerning the financial condition  results of operations and businesses of Shell. All statements other than statements of historical fact are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Forward-looking statements include  among other things  statements concerning the potential exposure of Shell to market risks and statements expressing management’s expectations  beliefs  estimates  forecasts  projections and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  ‘‘anticipate’’  ‘‘believe’’  ‘‘could’’  ‘‘estimate’’  ‘‘expect’’  ‘‘goals’’  ‘‘intend’’  ‘‘may’’  “milestones”  ‘‘objectives’’  ‘‘outlook’’  ‘‘plan’’  ‘‘probably’’  ‘‘project’’  ‘‘risks’’  “schedule”  ‘‘seek’’  ‘‘should’’  ‘‘target’’  ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. There are a number of factors that could affect the future operations of Shell and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements included in this announcement  including (without limitation): (a) price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas; (b) changes in demand for Shell’s products; (c) currency fluctuations; (d) drilling and production results; (e) reserves estimates; (f) loss of market share and industry competition; (g) environmental and physical risks; (h) risks associated with the identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets  and successful negotiation and completion of such transactions; (i) the risk of doing business in developing countries and countries subject to international sanctions; (j) legislative  judicial  fiscal and regulatory developments including regulatory measures addressing climate change; (k) economic and financial market conditions in various countries and regions; (l) political risks  including the risks of expropriation and renegotiation of the terms of contracts with governmental entities  delays or advancements in the approval of projects and delays in the reimbursement for shared costs; (m) risks associated with the impact of pandemics  such as the COVID-19 (coronavirus) outbreak; and (n) changes in trading conditions. No assurance is provided that future dividend payments will match or exceed previous dividend payments. All forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Additional risk factors that may affect future results are contained in Shell plc’s Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 (available at www.shell.com/investor and www.sec.gov). These risk factors also expressly qualify all forward-looking statements contained in this announcement and should be considered by the reader. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this announcement  March 13  2023. Neither Shell plc nor any of its subsidiaries undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information  future events or other information. In light of these risks  results could differ materially from those stated  implied or inferred from the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement.Shell’s net carbon intensityAlso  in this announcement we may refer to Shell’s “Net Carbon Intensity”  which include Shell’s carbon emissions from the production of our energy products  our suppliers’ carbon emissions in supplying energy for that production and our customers’ carbon emissions associated with their use of the energy products we sell. Shell only controls its own emissions. The use of the term Shell’s “Net Carbon Intensity” is for convenience only and not intended to suggest these emissions are those of Shell plc or its subsidiaries.Shell’s net-Zero Emissions TargetShell’s operating plan  outlook and budgets are forecasted for a ten-year period and are updated every year. They reflect the current economic environment and what we can reasonably expect to see over the next ten years. Accordingly  they reflect our Scope 1  Scope 2 and Net Carbon Intensity (NCI) targets over the next ten years. However  Shell’s operating plans cannot reflect our 2050 net-zero emissions target and 2035 NCI target  as these targets are currently outside our planning period. In the future  as society moves towards net-zero emissions  we expect Shell’s operating plans to reflect this movement. However  if society is not net zero in 2050  as of today  there would be significant risk that Shell may not meet this target.Forward Looking Non-GAAP measuresThis announcement may contain certain forward-looking non-GAAP measures such as cash capital expenditure and divestments. We are unable to provide a reconciliation of these forward-looking Non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures because certain information needed to reconcile those Non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is dependent on future events some of which are outside the control of Shell  such as oil and gas prices  interest rates and exchange rates. Moreover  estimating such GAAP measures with the required precision necessary to provide a meaningful reconciliation is extremely difficult and could not be accomplished without unreasonable effort. Non-GAAP measures in respect of future periods which cannot be reconciled to the most comparable GAAP financial measure are calculated in a manner which is consistent with the accounting policies applied in Shell plc’s consolidated financial statements.The contents of websites referred to in this announcement do not form part of this announcement.We may have used certain terms  such as resources  in this announcement that the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) strictly prohibits us from including in our filings with the SEC. Investors are urged to consider closely the disclosure in our Form 20-F  File No 1-32575  available on the SEC website www.sec. gov .LEI number of Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70Classification: Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a Member State,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.19,0.81,True,English,"['Shell Plc Fourth Quarter', 'Gbp Equivalent Dividend Payments', 'Euro', 'U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Enquiries Shell Media Relations International', 'fourth quarter 2022 interim dividend', 'Dutch dividend withholding tax', 'different currency election date', 'SHELL PLC FOURTH QUARTER', 'euro equivalent dividend payments', 'Dividend Access Mechanism', 'three dealing days', 'sterling currency elections', 'market exchange rates', 'indirect ownership interest', 'pound sterling rate', 'former A shares', 'former B shares', 'separate legal entities', 'unincorporated joint arrangement', 'securities account', 'Shell Corporate Nominee', 'nominee arrangement', 'tax residence', 'tax treatment', 'tax advisor', 'cash dividend', 'valid election', 'euro rate', 'election deadline', 'unincorporated arrangements', 'market risks', 'third-party interest', 'Shell interest', 'joint ventures', 'joint arrangements', 'The Board', 'ordinary share', 'US dollars', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'uncertificated form', 'financial institution', 'financial intermediary', 'useful purpose', 'significant influence', 'financial condition', 'historical fact', 'unknown risks', 'other things', 'potential exposure', 'pounds sterling', 'joint operations', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'joint control', 'sterling dividends', 'CAUTIONARY NOTE', 'particular entity', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'actual results', 'Shell Group', 'Shell companies', 'CREST members', 'Shell subsidiaries', 'other shareholders', 'GBP', 'March', 'Company', 'respect', 'February', 'euros', 'contrary', 'persons', 'average', 'names', 'Register', 'Taxation', 'UK', 'bank', 'broker', 'Americas', 'investments', 'announcement', 'convenience', 'references', 'words', 'terms', 'associates', 'exclusion', 'meaning', 'businesses', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'beliefs', 'estimates', 'forecasts', 'projections', 'phrases', 'aim', 'ambition', 'goals', 'milestones', 'objectives']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20370,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEDERMAN-HOLDING-AB-PUBL-43390932/news/Nederman-The-Nomination-Committee-s-resolution-2023-AGM-43228799/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,Nederman : The Nomination Committee's resolution 2023 AGM,(marketscreener.com)   The Nomination Committee's proposals to the 2023 Annual General Meeting and reasoned statement with respect to the proposed composition of the Board of Directors of Nederman Holding AB    Instructions for the Nomination Committee …,"The Nomination Committee's proposals to the 2023 Annual General Meeting and reasoned statement with respect to the proposed composition of the Board of Directors of Nederman Holding AB (publ)Instructions for the Nomination CommitteeAt the 2019 Annual General Meeting  it was resolved on instructions for the Nomination Committee of Nederman Holding AB (publ) (""Nederman"") to apply until further notice. According to these instructions  the Chairman of the Board shall contact the four largest shareholders of the Company in terms of votes based on ownership-grouped data in Euroclear Sweden's register as per the last banking day in August each year. Each of these owners is entitled to appoint one representative who  together with the chairman  will make up the Nomination Committee until a new Nomination Committee is appointed.In accordance with the above instructions for the Nomination Committee's work  Anders Mörck  Investment AB Latour  Chairman; Fredrik Ahlin  If Skadeförsäkring AB; Henrik Forsberg Schoultz  NeudiC:o and Oscar Bergman  Swedbank Robur Fonder AB as well as Johan Menckel  Chairman of Nederman's Board  as co-opted member  have been appointed to the Nomination Committee for the 2023 Annual General Meeting.In addition to e-mail and telephone contact  the Nomination Committee held three meetings. At the meeting  the Nomination Committee addressed issues that fall under the Nomination Committee's responsibility according to the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance (the ""Code""). In addition to having taken part of the board evaluation and received an account of the board's work  the nomination committee has also interviewed all board members.The Nomination Committee's proposal for the election of the Chairman of the Annual General MeetingThe Nomination Committee proposes that Johan Menckel is elected as Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.The Nomination Committee's proposal for the number of Board members  election of Board members and Chairman of the Board and election of the auditorIt is proposed that the number of Board members shall be unchanged six and that there shall be no deputy members. In addition to these six members  the Board will also include employee representatives who are not elected by the Annual General Meeting.The nomination committee proposes that Johan Menckel  Ylva op den Velde Hammargren  Gunilla Fransson  Sam Strömerstén and Sven Kristensson be re-elected as members of the board  that Johan Menckel be elected chairman of the board and that Anders Borg be elected as new member of the board. The former member Anna Kinberg Batra resigned from the board on February 3  2023  as a consequence of her being appointed as Governor of Stockholm County.Anders Borg  who is proposed as a new member of the board  was Sweden's Minister of Finance from 2006 to 2014. Anders is chairman of the board of Sehlhall Fastigheter AB  Checkin.com and DanAds as well as a board member of Viaplay Group  Stena International and Rud Pedersen Group and also works as a senior advisor in different contexts. Previously  Anders has worked for Citigroup  Sveriges Riksbank  ABN AMRO  SEB  Alfred Berg  Tele2 and Millicom and has been an active member of the World Economic Forum for many years. Anders' educational background is in economics  economic history  political science and philosophy from Stockholm and Uppsala University.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['The Nomination Committee', 'Nederman', 'resolution', 'AGM', 'Sam Strömerstén', 'Skadeförsäkring AB', 'Swedbank Robur Fonder AB', 'Investment AB Latour', 'Sehlhall Fastigheter AB', 'four largest shareholders', 'last banking day', 'Henrik Forsberg Schoultz', 'Ylva op den', 'Anna Kinberg Batra', '2023 Annual General Meeting', '2019 Annual General Meeting', 'World Economic Forum', 'Nederman Holding AB', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Anders Mörck', 'new Nomination Committee', 'economic history', 'new member', 'ownership-grouped data', 'one representative', 'Fredrik Ahlin', 'C:o', 'Oscar Bergman', 'Johan Menckel', 'telephone contact', 'three meetings', 'Corporate Governance', 'employee representatives', 'Velde Hammargren', 'Gunilla Fransson', 'Sven Kristensson', 'Checkin.com', 'Viaplay Group', 'Stena International', 'Pedersen Group', 'senior advisor', 'different contexts', 'Sveriges Riksbank', 'ABN AMRO', 'Alfred Berg', 'many years', 'educational background', 'political science', 'Uppsala University', 'deputy members', 'six members', 'former member', 'active member', 'Anders Borg', 'Euroclear Sweden', 'Swedish Code', 'Stockholm County', 'board evaluation', 'board members', 'proposals', 'statement', 'respect', 'composition', 'Directors', 'Instructions', 'publ', 'notice', 'Chairman', 'Company', 'terms', 'votes', 'register', 'August', 'accordance', 'work', 'Neudi', 'addition', 'mail', 'issues', 'responsibility', 'part', 'account', 'election', 'number', 'auditor', 'February', 'consequence', 'Governor', 'Minister', 'Finance', 'DanAds', 'Rud', 'Citigroup', 'SEB', 'Tele2', 'Millicom', 'economics', 'philosophy']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20371,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/13/2625739/0/en/New-Proposal-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders-of-Efecte-Plc-regarding-Election-of-the-Auditor.html,New Proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Efecte Plc regarding Election of the Auditor,EFECTE PLC -- COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT – 13 March 2023 at 14:35             New Proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Efecte Plc...,English FinnishEFECTE PLC -- COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT – 13 March 2023 at 14:35New Proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Efecte Plc regarding Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors of Efecte Plc has decided to make a new proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on 22 March 2023 regarding item 14 (Election of the Auditor).The Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that  instead of the originally proposed KPMG Oy Ab  BDO Oy  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.Ehdotuksen taustalla on alun perin ehdotetun tilintarkastusyhteisön tuleva liiketoimintasuhde yhtiön kanssa ja sen vaikutus tilintarkastusyhteisön riippumattomuuteen.The proposal is made due to future business relationship of the audit firm with the Company and its effect on the independency of the audit firm. The proposed new auditor BDO Oy has participated in the evaluation process performed by the Company when preparing for the change of the Company’s present auditor (Ernst & Young Oy). Efecte Plc’s shareholders representing in total over 30 % of all shares and votes in Efecte Plc support the new proposal and have informed the Company to vote in favour thereof. BDO Oy has notified the Company that  subject to their election  Authorised Public Accountant Taneli Mustonen would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.Registrations for the Annual General Meetings already made by shareholders wishing to participate  as well as advance votes already cast  will remain valid without any action required. Shareholders who have already cast their votes in the advance voting  have the possibility to vote in respect of the new proposal either before the end of the advance voting period (15 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET)) or by attending the meeting either in person or by appointing an authorised representative. Unless changed  all votes cast in favour of the original proposal will remain valid and the new proposal will be treated as a counter proposal to the original proposal. More detailed guidance is included in Section C of the notice to the Annual General Meeting.The amended item 14 of the notice reads as follows:”14. Election of the auditorORIGINAL PROPOSAL:The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. KPMG Oy Ab has notified the Company that Authorised Public Accountant Miika Karkulahti would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.NEW PROPOSAL (13 March 2023):The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that BDO Oy  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. BDO Oy has notified the Company that Authorised Public Accountant Taneli Mustonen would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.”Apart from the new proposal in Section A  item 14 (Election of the auditor)  no other changes have been made to the original notice published on 1 March 2023. The amended notice to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders is below in its entirety:EFECTE PLC: NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNotice is given to the shareholders of Efecte Plc to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 22 March 2023 starting at 11:00 a.m. (EET) at Laurea Leppävaara Campus  main building  meeting room Tuomo (Vanha maantie 9  02650 Espoo). The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 10:00 a.m. (EET).The Company’s shareholders and their proxy representatives may also participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their shareholder rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are provided in this notice’s section C.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of person to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of thefinancial statements  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2022Presentation of the CEO’s review.The Company’s financial statements  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report will be available on the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com as of 1 March 2023.7. Adoption of the financial statementsand the consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendEfecte Plc’s Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividend be distributed for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2022.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsEfecte Plc’s shareholders representing in total over 30% of all shares and votes in Efecte Plc have proposed that remuneration for the elected board members remains unchanged and is paid for the following term of office as follows: Chairman of the Board EUR 45 000 and other members of the Board of Directors EUR 25 000 per year.In addition  the above-mentioned shareholders propose that approximately 40% of the remuneration be paid for in Efecte Plc’s shares and approximately 60% be paid in cash. The part of the remuneration paid in shares will be paid by issuing new shares and/or transferring the Company’s own shares to Board members within four weeks from the release of the business review for 1 January to 31 March 2023 or  if this is not possible considering insider rules  as soon as possible thereafter. The Company shall be liable for any transfer tax payable as a result of the payment of the share part of the remuneration.In addition  it is proposed that the members of the Board of Directors be compensated for reasonable travelling and other costs for attending the Board meetings and relating to other Board work.11. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that five (5) members be elected to the Board of Directors.12. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsEfecte Plc’s shareholders representing in total over 30 % of all shares and votes in Efecte Plc have proposed that the current members of the Board Pertti Ervi  Turkka Keskinen  Esther Donatz and Eric Gustavsson be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors  and that Panu Hannula be elected as a new member of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.Päivi Rekonen  current member of the Board of Directors  has informed that she is not available for re-election.The CVs and evaluations of independence of all persons proposed as Board members are available on the Company's website at https://investors.efecte.com/en. All proposed members have given their consent to the election.13. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the auditor be paid against an invoice approved by the Company.14. Election of the auditorORIGINAL PROPOSAL:The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. KPMG Oy Ab has notified the Company that Authorised Public Accountant Miika Karkulahti would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.NEW PROPOSAL (13 March 2023):The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that BDO Oy  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. BDO Oy has notified the Company that Authorised Public Accountant Taneli Mustonen would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.15. Amendment of the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Article 9 of the articles of association be amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to the Company’s domicile Espoo or in Helsinki as currently provided in the articles of association. In its amended form  said provision of the articles of association would read as follows (unofficial translation in English below for informational purposes only):9 § Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting is to be held each year within six months from the end of the financial year.At the Meeting  the following shall be presented:1. financial statements for the company and possibly for the group as well as a report of the Board of Directors;2. auditor’s report;resolved upon:3. confirmation of the company’s financial statements and possibly that of the group;4. use of the profit indicated in the financial statements;5. discharge of liability for the Board members and the CEO;6. number of the Board members;elected:7. the members of the Board of Directors as well as8. the auditor.The Annual General Meeting may be held in the company’s domicile or Helsinki. In addition  the Board of Directors may resolve on organising the general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their decision-making power in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical meansThe proposal is based on amendments made to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  including the possibility to arrange remote general meetings. The legislative amendments are based on the premise that shareholder rights shall not be compromised  and that all participating shareholders are able to exercise their shareholder rights in full  including the right to request information and to vote  in real time during the general meeting  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format. The possibility to organise remote general meetings enables the Company to be prepared for rapidly changing conditions in the Company’s operating environment and society in general  for example due to pandemics. It is important for the Company to have means available to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters presented to the general meeting under all circumstances.It is proposed that the articles of association will otherwise remain unchanged.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 450 000 shares in the Company in one or several instalments by using funds from unrestricted equity. The proposed number of shares corresponds to approximately 7 0% of all shares in the Company.The shares may be repurchased in order to improve the capital structure of the Company  to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements related to the Company’s business  to be transferred or cancelled for other purposes  to be used for the Company’s incentive plans  or if the Board of Directors otherwise deems it to be in the interest of shareholders.The price paid for the shares repurchased under the authorisation shall be based on the market price of the Company’s share in public trading. The minimum price to be paid shall be the lowest market price of the share quoted in public trading during the authorisation period and the maximum price the highest market price quoted during the authorisation period.The Company’s own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholding of the shareholders (directed repurchase).It is proposed that the authorisation be valid until the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation will revoke the repurchase authorisation granted by the Annual General Meeting on 17 March 2022.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares  and option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act in one or several instalments as described below.The Board of Directors would  pursuant to the authorisation  be entitled to resolve on the issuance of an aggregate maximum of 620 000 new shares. The Board of Directors may decide to issue new shares or shares held by the Company. The maximum number of shares included in the proposed authorisation accounts for approximately 9 7% of all shares in the Company.The authorisation includes the right to issue shares  option rights and/or other special rights entitling to shares through private offering  in other words  to deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights  if there is a weighty financial reason from the Company’s point of view  such as using them as consideration to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements or investments related to the Company’s business  and/or as part of the remuneration of Board members paid for in shares as resolved by the Annual General Meeting. The authorisation also includes the right to issue shares  option rights and/or other special rights entitling to shares against payment or for free. A directed issue without payment requires that there is an especially weighty financial reason from the Company’s point of view and taking the interests of all of its shareholders into consideration.Under the authorisation  the Board of Directors will be entitled to resolve on the terms and conditions of the issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to shares  including the recipients and the compensation to be paid.It is proposed that the authorisation be valid until the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation will revoke the share issue authorisations granted by the Annual General Meeting on 17 March 2022.18. Closing of the meetingB.DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe above-mentioned proposals for decisions relating to the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Efecte Plc’s website at https://investors.efecte.com/en. The financial statements  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  and the auditor’s report of Efecte Plc will be available on the above-mentioned website no later than 1 March 2023. The proposals for decisions and other above-mentioned documents are also available at the Annual General Meeting. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the general meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as of 5 April 2023 at the latest.C.INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS OFTHE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’registerEach shareholder who on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e. on 10 March 2023  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Registration for the Annual General Meeting will begin on 1 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall register for the meeting no later than by 10:00 am (EET) on 15 March 2023  by which time the registration must be received. Registration may be made:via the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com/enby telephone +358 10 2818 909 from Monday to Friday at 9:00 am to 12:00 noon and 1:00 pm to 4:00 pm; orby mail addressed to Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/Efecte Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information such as his/her name  personal identification number and contact details. The personal data given to Efecte Plc is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  his/her legal representative or proxy representative shall  if necessary  be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would be entitled  on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e. on 10 March 2023  to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  been temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 17 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). This constitutes the required registration for the general meeting for nominee-registered shares. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not have any impact on the right to participate in the general meeting nor on the number of votes.Holders of nominee-registered shares are advised to request from their custodian bank  without delay  necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and the registration for the Annual General Meeting. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  temporarily in the shareholders’ register of the Company by the aforementioned time 17 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) at the latest  and  if needed  to arrange for advance voting on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder before the registration concerning nominee-registered shareholders has ended.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also vote in advance as described in this notice.A proxy representative must identify to the electronic registration service and advance voting in person with strong identification  after which he/she will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder he/she represents. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder in the general meeting. A statutory representation right may be demonstrated by utilising the suomi.fi e-authorisations service used in the electronic registration service.When a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives who represent the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy and voting instruction template will be available on the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com/en on 1 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. (EET) at the latest. Proxy documents are recommended to be delivered either as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration  by email to agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting/Efecte Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki before the registration for the general meeting has ended  by which time the proxy documents must be received. Efecte Plc may demand original proxy documents if considered necessary by the Company.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to follow the instructions regarding proxies given by such holder’s custodian bank as described in section 2. Holders of nominee-registered shares above. If a holder of nominee-registered shares wishes to be represented by a party other than such holder’s custodian  such legal representative must provide Innovatics Ltd with a dated proxy demonstrating the right to represent the shareholder.4. Advance votingRegistration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting will begin on 1 March 2023. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance must register for the Annual General Meeting and vote in advance by Wednesday 15 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) at the latest  by which time the registration and advance votes must be received.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information such as his/her name  personal identification number and contact details. The personal data given to Efecte Plc is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.A shareholder who has voted in advance may request information under the Finnish Companies Act  request a vote at the general meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal  if they are present at the general meeting.Shareholders holding a Finnish book-entry account may register and vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting between 1 March 2023 and 15 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) in the following ways:a) via the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com/enElectronic registration and advance voting require strong identification of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or the proxy representative via Finnish or Swedish online bank service or mobile certificate.b) By mail or emailA shareholder voting in advance by mail or email must send the advance voting form available on the Company’s website https://investors.efecte.com/en or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting/Efecte Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by submitting advance votes by mail or email to Innovatics Oy  the submission of votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period is considered as official participation in the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s registration includes the information required for registration mentioned on the advance voting form.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the general meeting. Voting instructions will be available on the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com. Additional information on registration and advance voting is also available by telephone at +358 10 2818 909 during the registration period between 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. (EET) on weekdays.5. Otherinstructions and informationThe Annual General Meeting will be held in Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.The Company will publish video recordings of the address of the Chairman of the Board and the review of the CEO on the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com after the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders are requested to note that the video recordings are not a part of the official General Meeting material.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  1 March 2023  the total number of shares in Efecte Plc is 6 383 590 and the total number of votes in Efecte Plc is 6 383 590. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not have any impact on the right to participate in the general meeting nor on the number of votes.Espoo  1 March 2023EFECTE PLCThe Board of DirectorsFurther inquiries:Tatu PaavilainenHead of LegalEfecte Plctatu.paavilainen@efecte.com+358 400 383 064Certified Adviser:Evli Plc  tel +358 40 579 6210Efecte PlcEfecte helps people digitalize and automate their work. Customers across Europe leverage our cloud service to operate with greater agility  to improve the experience of end-users  and to save costs. The use cases for our solutions range from IT service management and ticketing to improving employee experiences  business workflows  and customer service. We are the European Alternative to the global goliaths in our space. Our headquarters is located in Finland and we have regional hubs in Germany  Poland  Spain and Sweden. Efecte is listed on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland marketplace.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'New Proposal', 'Efecte Plc', 'Shareholders', 'Election', 'Auditor', 'Authorised Public Accountant Taneli Mustonen', 'Authorised Public Accountant Miika Karkulahti', 'Laurea Leppävaara Campus', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'authorised public accountants', 'Annual General Meetings', 'future business relationship', 'meeting room Tuomo', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'consolidated financial statements', 'advance voting period', 'authorised representative', 'financial statementsand', 'BDO Oy', 'Young Oy', 'voting tickets', 'English Finnish', 'EFECTE PLC', 'Ehdotuksen taustalla', 'evaluation process', 'principal responsibility', 'detailed guidance', 'Section C', 'other changes', 'main building', 'Vanha maantie', 'proxy representatives', 'shareholder rights', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'New Proposal', 'original proposal', 'counter proposal', 'audit firm', 'Section A', 'A. MATTERS', 'COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT', 'new auditor', 'present auditor', 'original notice', 'The Company', 'The Board', '10:00 a', '11:00 a', '13 March', 'Shareholders', 'Election', 'Directors', '22 March', 'item', 'term', 'close', 'alun', 'effect', 'independency', 'Ernst', 'total', 'shares', 'votes', 'favour', 'Registrations', 'action', 'possibility', 'respect', 'person', 'More', '1 March', 'entirety', '02650 Espoo', 'reception', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'minutes', 'counting', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'report', 'year', 'CEO', 'review', 'website', 'investors', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,globenewswire.com
20372,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EFECTE-OY-39437388/news/Correction-New-Proposal-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders-of-Efecte-Plc-regarding-Elect-43231578/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,Correction: New Proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Efecte Plc regarding Election of the Auditor,(marketscreener.com) EFECTE PLC -- COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT -- 13 March 2023 at 16.15 Correction: New Proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Efecte Plc regarding Election of the Auditor The English translation of the company announcement concer…,EFECTE PLC -- COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT -- 13 March 2023 at 16.15Correction: New Proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Efecte Plc regarding Election of the AuditorThe English translation of the company announcement concerning the new proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Efecte Plc regarding election of the auditor  published on 13 March 2023 at 14:35 erroneously contained a Finnish translation of the first sentence of the third text paragraph of the announcement (“Ehdotuksen taustalla on alun perin ehdotetun tilintarkastusyhteisön tuleva liiketoimintasuhde yhtiön kanssa ja sen vaikutus tilintarkastusyhteisön riippumattomuuteen.”). The Finnish translation of the sentence was included in error and may be disregarded.Below is the corrected announcement in its entirety:New Proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Efecte Plc regarding Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors of Efecte Plc has decided to make a new proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on 22 March 2023 regarding item 14 (Election of the Auditor).The Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that  instead of the originally proposed KPMG Oy Ab  BDO Oy  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.The proposal is made due to future business relationship of the audit firm with the Company and its effect on the independency of the audit firm. The proposed new auditor BDO Oy has participated in the evaluation process performed by the Company when preparing for the change of the Company’s present auditor (Ernst & Young Oy). Efecte Plc’s shareholders representing in total over 30 % of all shares and votes in Efecte Plc support the new proposal and have informed the Company to vote in favour thereof. BDO Oy has notified the Company that  subject to their election  Authorised Public Accountant Taneli Mustonen would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.Registrations for the Annual General Meetings already made by shareholders wishing to participate  as well as advance votes already cast  will remain valid without any action required. Shareholders who have already cast their votes in the advance voting  have the possibility to vote in respect of the new proposal either before the end of the advance voting period (15 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET)) or by attending the meeting either in person or by appointing an authorised representative. Unless changed  all votes cast in favour of the original proposal will remain valid and the new proposal will be treated as a counter proposal to the original proposal. More detailed guidance is included in Section C of the notice to the Annual General Meeting.The amended item 14 of the notice reads as follows:”14. Election of the auditorORIGINAL PROPOSAL:The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. KPMG Oy Ab has notified the Company that Authorised Public Accountant Miika Karkulahti would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.NEW PROPOSAL (13 March 2023):The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that BDO Oy  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. BDO Oy has notified the Company that Authorised Public Accountant Taneli Mustonen would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.”Apart from the new proposal in Section A  item 14 (Election of the auditor)  no other changes have been made to the original notice published on 1 March 2023. The amended notice to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders is below in its entirety:EFECTE PLC: NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNotice is given to the shareholders of Efecte Plc to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 22 March 2023 starting at 11:00 a.m. (EET) at Laurea Leppävaara Campus  main building  meeting room Tuomo (Vanha maantie 9  02650 Espoo). The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 10:00 a.m. (EET).The Company’s shareholders and their proxy representatives may also participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their shareholder rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are provided in this notice’s section C.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of person to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of thefinancial statements  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2022Presentation of the CEO’s review.The Company’s financial statements  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report will be available on the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com as of 1 March 2023.7. Adoption of the financial statementsand the consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendEfecte Plc’s Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividend be distributed for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2022.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsEfecte Plc’s shareholders representing in total over 30% of all shares and votes in Efecte Plc have proposed that remuneration for the elected board members remains unchanged and is paid for the following term of office as follows: Chairman of the Board EUR 45 000 and other members of the Board of Directors EUR 25 000 per year.In addition  the above-mentioned shareholders propose that approximately 40% of the remuneration be paid for in Efecte Plc’s shares and approximately 60% be paid in cash. The part of the remuneration paid in shares will be paid by issuing new shares and/or transferring the Company’s own shares to Board members within four weeks from the release of the business review for 1 January to 31 March 2023 or  if this is not possible considering insider rules  as soon as possible thereafter. The Company shall be liable for any transfer tax payable as a result of the payment of the share part of the remuneration.In addition  it is proposed that the members of the Board of Directors be compensated for reasonable travelling and other costs for attending the Board meetings and relating to other Board work.11. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that five (5) members be elected to the Board of Directors.12. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsEfecte Plc’s shareholders representing in total over 30 % of all shares and votes in Efecte Plc have proposed that the current members of the Board Pertti Ervi  Turkka Keskinen  Esther Donatz and Eric Gustavsson be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors  and that Panu Hannula be elected as a new member of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.Päivi Rekonen  current member of the Board of Directors  has informed that she is not available for re-election.The CVs and evaluations of independence of all persons proposed as Board members are available on the Company's website at https://investors.efecte.com/en. All proposed members have given their consent to the election.13. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the auditor be paid against an invoice approved by the Company.14. Election of the auditorORIGINAL PROPOSAL:The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. KPMG Oy Ab has notified the Company that Authorised Public Accountant Miika Karkulahti would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.NEW PROPOSAL (13 March 2023):The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that BDO Oy  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. BDO Oy has notified the Company that Authorised Public Accountant Taneli Mustonen would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.15. Amendment of the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Article 9 of the articles of association be amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to the Company’s domicile Espoo or in Helsinki as currently provided in the articles of association. In its amended form  said provision of the articles of association would read as follows (unofficial translation in English below for informational purposes only):9 § Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting is to be held each year within six months from the end of the financial year.At the Meeting  the following shall be presented:1. financial statements for the company and possibly for the group as well as a report of the Board of Directors;2. auditor’s report;resolved upon:3. confirmation of the company’s financial statements and possibly that of the group;4. use of the profit indicated in the financial statements;5. discharge of liability for the Board members and the CEO;6. number of the Board members;elected:7. the members of the Board of Directors as well as8. the auditor.The Annual General Meeting may be held in the company’s domicile or Helsinki. In addition  the Board of Directors may resolve on organising the general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their decision-making power in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical meansThe proposal is based on amendments made to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  including the possibility to arrange remote general meetings. The legislative amendments are based on the premise that shareholder rights shall not be compromised  and that all participating shareholders are able to exercise their shareholder rights in full  including the right to request information and to vote  in real time during the general meeting  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format. The possibility to organise remote general meetings enables the Company to be prepared for rapidly changing conditions in the Company’s operating environment and society in general  for example due to pandemics. It is important for the Company to have means available to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters presented to the general meeting under all circumstances.It is proposed that the articles of association will otherwise remain unchanged.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 450 000 shares in the Company in one or several instalments by using funds from unrestricted equity. The proposed number of shares corresponds to approximately 7 0% of all shares in the Company.The shares may be repurchased in order to improve the capital structure of the Company  to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements related to the Company’s business  to be transferred or cancelled for other purposes  to be used for the Company’s incentive plans  or if the Board of Directors otherwise deems it to be in the interest of shareholders.The price paid for the shares repurchased under the authorisation shall be based on the market price of the Company’s share in public trading. The minimum price to be paid shall be the lowest market price of the share quoted in public trading during the authorisation period and the maximum price the highest market price quoted during the authorisation period.The Company’s own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholding of the shareholders (directed repurchase).It is proposed that the authorisation be valid until the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation will revoke the repurchase authorisation granted by the Annual General Meeting on 17 March 2022.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares  and option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act in one or several instalments as described below.The Board of Directors would  pursuant to the authorisation  be entitled to resolve on the issuance of an aggregate maximum of 620 000 new shares. The Board of Directors may decide to issue new shares or shares held by the Company. The maximum number of shares included in the proposed authorisation accounts for approximately 9 7% of all shares in the Company.The authorisation includes the right to issue shares  option rights and/or other special rights entitling to shares through private offering  in other words  to deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights  if there is a weighty financial reason from the Company’s point of view  such as using them as consideration to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements or investments related to the Company’s business  and/or as part of the remuneration of Board members paid for in shares as resolved by the Annual General Meeting. The authorisation also includes the right to issue shares  option rights and/or other special rights entitling to shares against payment or for free. A directed issue without payment requires that there is an especially weighty financial reason from the Company’s point of view and taking the interests of all of its shareholders into consideration.Under the authorisation  the Board of Directors will be entitled to resolve on the terms and conditions of the issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to shares  including the recipients and the compensation to be paid.It is proposed that the authorisation be valid until the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation will revoke the share issue authorisations granted by the Annual General Meeting on 17 March 2022.18. Closing of the meetingB.DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe above-mentioned proposals for decisions relating to the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Efecte Plc’s website at https://investors.efecte.com/en. The financial statements  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  and the auditor’s report of Efecte Plc will be available on the above-mentioned website no later than 1 March 2023. The proposals for decisions and other above-mentioned documents are also available at the Annual General Meeting. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the general meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as of 5 April 2023 at the latest.C.INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS OFTHE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’registerEach shareholder who on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e. on 10 March 2023  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Registration for the Annual General Meeting will begin on 1 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall register for the meeting no later than by 10:00 am (EET) on 15 March 2023  by which time the registration must be received. Registration may be made:via the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com/enby telephone +358 10 2818 909 from Monday to Friday at 9:00 am to 12:00 noon and 1:00 pm to 4:00 pm; orby mail addressed to Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/Efecte Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information such as his/her name  personal identification number and contact details. The personal data given to Efecte Plc is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  his/her legal representative or proxy representative shall  if necessary  be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would be entitled  on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e. on 10 March 2023  to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  been temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 17 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). This constitutes the required registration for the general meeting for nominee-registered shares. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not have any impact on the right to participate in the general meeting nor on the number of votes.Holders of nominee-registered shares are advised to request from their custodian bank  without delay  necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and the registration for the Annual General Meeting. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  temporarily in the shareholders’ register of the Company by the aforementioned time 17 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) at the latest  and  if needed  to arrange for advance voting on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder before the registration concerning nominee-registered shareholders has ended.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also vote in advance as described in this notice.A proxy representative must identify to the electronic registration service and advance voting in person with strong identification  after which he/she will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder he/she represents. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder in the general meeting. A statutory representation right may be demonstrated by utilising the suomi.fi e-authorisations service used in the electronic registration service.When a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives who represent the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy and voting instruction template will be available on the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com/en on 1 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. (EET) at the latest. Proxy documents are recommended to be delivered either as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration  by email to agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting/Efecte Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki before the registration for the general meeting has ended  by which time the proxy documents must be received. Efecte Plc may demand original proxy documents if considered necessary by the Company.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to follow the instructions regarding proxies given by such holder’s custodian bank as described in section 2. Holders of nominee-registered shares above. If a holder of nominee-registered shares wishes to be represented by a party other than such holder’s custodian  such legal representative must provide Innovatics Ltd with a dated proxy demonstrating the right to represent the shareholder.4. Advance votingRegistration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting will begin on 1 March 2023. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance must register for the Annual General Meeting and vote in advance by Wednesday 15 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) at the latest  by which time the registration and advance votes must be received.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information such as his/her name  personal identification number and contact details. The personal data given to Efecte Plc is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.A shareholder who has voted in advance may request information under the Finnish Companies Act  request a vote at the general meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal  if they are present at the general meeting.Shareholders holding a Finnish book-entry account may register and vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting between 1 March 2023 and 15 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) in the following ways:a) via the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com/enElectronic registration and advance voting require strong identification of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or the proxy representative via Finnish or Swedish online bank service or mobile certificate.b) By mail or emailA shareholder voting in advance by mail or email must send the advance voting form available on the Company’s website https://investors.efecte.com/en or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting/Efecte Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by submitting advance votes by mail or email to Innovatics Oy  the submission of votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period is considered as official participation in the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s registration includes the information required for registration mentioned on the advance voting form.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the general meeting. Voting instructions will be available on the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com. Additional information on registration and advance voting is also available by telephone at +358 10 2818 909 during the registration period between 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. (EET) on weekdays.5. Otherinstructions and informationThe Annual General Meeting will be held in Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.The Company will publish video recordings of the address of the Chairman of the Board and the review of the CEO on the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com after the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders are requested to note that the video recordings are not a part of the official General Meeting material.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  1 March 2023  the total number of shares in Efecte Plc is 6 383 590 and the total number of votes in Efecte Plc is 6 383 590. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not have any impact on the right to participate in the general meeting nor on the number of votes.Espoo  1 March 2023EFECTE PLCThe Board of DirectorsFurther inquiries:Tatu PaavilainenHead of LegalEfecte Plctatu.paavilainen@efecte.com+358 400 383 064Certified Adviser:Evli Plc  tel +358 40 579 6210Efecte PlcEfecte helps people digitalize and automate their work. Customers across Europe leverage our cloud service to operate with greater agility  to improve the experience of end-users  and to save costs. The use cases for our solutions range from IT service management and ticketing to improving employee experiences  business workflows  and customer service. We are the European Alternative to the global goliaths in our space. Our headquarters is located in Finland and we have regional hubs in Germany  Poland  Spain and Sweden. Efecte is listed on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland marketplace.www.efecte.com,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'New Proposal', 'Efecte Plc', 'Correction', 'Shareholders', 'Election', 'Auditor', 'Authorised Public Accountant Taneli Mustonen', 'Authorised Public Accountant Miika Karkulahti', 'alun perin ehdotetun tilintarkastusyhteisön', 'Laurea Leppävaara Campus', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'authorised public accountants', 'Annual General Meetings', 'third text paragraph', 'future business relationship', 'meeting room Tuomo', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'advance voting period', 'authorised representative', 'BDO Oy', 'Young Oy', 'voting tickets', 'EFECTE PLC', 'English translation', 'Finnish translation', 'Ehdotuksen taustalla', 'evaluation process', 'principal responsibility', 'detailed guidance', 'Section C', 'other changes', 'main building', 'Vanha maantie', 'proxy representatives', 'shareholder rights', 'following matters', 'New Proposal', 'original proposal', 'counter proposal', 'first sentence', 'financial statements', 'audit firm', 'Section A', 'A. MATTERS', 'original notice', 'new auditor', 'present auditor', 'COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT', 'The Company', 'The Board', '10:00 a', '11:00 a', '13 March', 'Correction', 'Shareholders', 'Election', 'liiketoimintasuhde', 'ja', 'error', 'entirety', 'Directors', '22 March', 'item', 'term', 'close', 'effect', 'independency', 'Ernst', 'total', 'shares', 'votes', 'favour', 'Registrations', 'action', 'possibility', 'respect', 'person', 'More', '1 March', '02650 Espoo', 'reception', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'minutes', 'counting', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'report']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20373,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EFECTE-OY-39437388/news/New-Proposal-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders-of-Efecte-Plc-regarding-Election-of-the-A-43230697/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,New Proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Efecte Plc regarding Election of the Auditor,(marketscreener.com) EFECTE PLC -- COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT – 13 March 2023 at 14:35  New Proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Efecte Plc regarding Election of the Auditor The Board of Directors of Efecte Plc has decided to make a new proposa…,EFECTE PLC -- COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT – 13 March 2023 at 14:35New Proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Efecte Plc regarding Election of the AuditorThe Board of Directors of Efecte Plc has decided to make a new proposal to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on 22 March 2023 regarding item 14 (Election of the Auditor).The Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that  instead of the originally proposed KPMG Oy Ab  BDO Oy  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.Ehdotuksen taustalla on alun perin ehdotetun tilintarkastusyhteisön tuleva liiketoimintasuhde yhtiön kanssa ja sen vaikutus tilintarkastusyhteisön riippumattomuuteen.The proposal is made due to future business relationship of the audit firm with the Company and its effect on the independency of the audit firm. The proposed new auditor BDO Oy has participated in the evaluation process performed by the Company when preparing for the change of the Company’s present auditor (Ernst & Young Oy). Efecte Plc’s shareholders representing in total over 30 % of all shares and votes in Efecte Plc support the new proposal and have informed the Company to vote in favour thereof. BDO Oy has notified the Company that  subject to their election  Authorised Public Accountant Taneli Mustonen would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.Registrations for the Annual General Meetings already made by shareholders wishing to participate  as well as advance votes already cast  will remain valid without any action required. Shareholders who have already cast their votes in the advance voting  have the possibility to vote in respect of the new proposal either before the end of the advance voting period (15 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET)) or by attending the meeting either in person or by appointing an authorised representative. Unless changed  all votes cast in favour of the original proposal will remain valid and the new proposal will be treated as a counter proposal to the original proposal. More detailed guidance is included in Section C of the notice to the Annual General Meeting.The amended item 14 of the notice reads as follows:”14. Election of the auditorORIGINAL PROPOSAL:The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. KPMG Oy Ab has notified the Company that Authorised Public Accountant Miika Karkulahti would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.NEW PROPOSAL (13 March 2023):The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that BDO Oy  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. BDO Oy has notified the Company that Authorised Public Accountant Taneli Mustonen would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.”Apart from the new proposal in Section A  item 14 (Election of the auditor)  no other changes have been made to the original notice published on 1 March 2023. The amended notice to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders is below in its entirety:EFECTE PLC: NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNotice is given to the shareholders of Efecte Plc to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 22 March 2023 starting at 11:00 a.m. (EET) at Laurea Leppävaara Campus  main building  meeting room Tuomo (Vanha maantie 9  02650 Espoo). The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 10:00 a.m. (EET).The Company’s shareholders and their proxy representatives may also participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their shareholder rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are provided in this notice’s section C.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of person to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of thefinancial statements  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report for the year 2022Presentation of the CEO’s review.The Company’s financial statements  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report will be available on the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com as of 1 March 2023.7. Adoption of the financial statementsand the consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendEfecte Plc’s Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividend be distributed for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2022.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsEfecte Plc’s shareholders representing in total over 30% of all shares and votes in Efecte Plc have proposed that remuneration for the elected board members remains unchanged and is paid for the following term of office as follows: Chairman of the Board EUR 45 000 and other members of the Board of Directors EUR 25 000 per year.In addition  the above-mentioned shareholders propose that approximately 40% of the remuneration be paid for in Efecte Plc’s shares and approximately 60% be paid in cash. The part of the remuneration paid in shares will be paid by issuing new shares and/or transferring the Company’s own shares to Board members within four weeks from the release of the business review for 1 January to 31 March 2023 or  if this is not possible considering insider rules  as soon as possible thereafter. The Company shall be liable for any transfer tax payable as a result of the payment of the share part of the remuneration.In addition  it is proposed that the members of the Board of Directors be compensated for reasonable travelling and other costs for attending the Board meetings and relating to other Board work.11. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that five (5) members be elected to the Board of Directors.12. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsEfecte Plc’s shareholders representing in total over 30 % of all shares and votes in Efecte Plc have proposed that the current members of the Board Pertti Ervi  Turkka Keskinen  Esther Donatz and Eric Gustavsson be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors  and that Panu Hannula be elected as a new member of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.Päivi Rekonen  current member of the Board of Directors  has informed that she is not available for re-election.The CVs and evaluations of independence of all persons proposed as Board members are available on the Company's website at https://investors.efecte.com/en. All proposed members have given their consent to the election.13. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the auditor be paid against an invoice approved by the Company.14. Election of the auditorORIGINAL PROPOSAL:The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. KPMG Oy Ab has notified the Company that Authorised Public Accountant Miika Karkulahti would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.NEW PROPOSAL (13 March 2023):The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that BDO Oy  a firm of authorised public accountants  be elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. BDO Oy has notified the Company that Authorised Public Accountant Taneli Mustonen would act as the auditor with principal responsibility.15. Amendment of the articles of associationThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Article 9 of the articles of association be amended to enable holding a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting in addition to the Company’s domicile Espoo or in Helsinki as currently provided in the articles of association. In its amended form  said provision of the articles of association would read as follows (unofficial translation in English below for informational purposes only):9 § Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting is to be held each year within six months from the end of the financial year.At the Meeting  the following shall be presented:1. financial statements for the company and possibly for the group as well as a report of the Board of Directors;2. auditor’s report;resolved upon:3. confirmation of the company’s financial statements and possibly that of the group;4. use of the profit indicated in the financial statements;5. discharge of liability for the Board members and the CEO;6. number of the Board members;elected:7. the members of the Board of Directors as well as8. the auditor.The Annual General Meeting may be held in the company’s domicile or Helsinki. In addition  the Board of Directors may resolve on organising the general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders have the right to exercise their decision-making power in full in real time during the meeting using telecommunication connection and technical meansThe proposal is based on amendments made to Chapter 5 of the Finnish Companies Act  including the possibility to arrange remote general meetings. The legislative amendments are based on the premise that shareholder rights shall not be compromised  and that all participating shareholders are able to exercise their shareholder rights in full  including the right to request information and to vote  in real time during the general meeting  irrespective of the chosen general meeting format. The possibility to organise remote general meetings enables the Company to be prepared for rapidly changing conditions in the Company’s operating environment and society in general  for example due to pandemics. It is important for the Company to have means available to offer its shareholders the possibility to exercise their shareholder rights and resolve on any matters presented to the general meeting under all circumstances.It is proposed that the articles of association will otherwise remain unchanged.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 450 000 shares in the Company in one or several instalments by using funds from unrestricted equity. The proposed number of shares corresponds to approximately 7 0% of all shares in the Company.The shares may be repurchased in order to improve the capital structure of the Company  to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements related to the Company’s business  to be transferred or cancelled for other purposes  to be used for the Company’s incentive plans  or if the Board of Directors otherwise deems it to be in the interest of shareholders.The price paid for the shares repurchased under the authorisation shall be based on the market price of the Company’s share in public trading. The minimum price to be paid shall be the lowest market price of the share quoted in public trading during the authorisation period and the maximum price the highest market price quoted during the authorisation period.The Company’s own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholding of the shareholders (directed repurchase).It is proposed that the authorisation be valid until the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation will revoke the repurchase authorisation granted by the Annual General Meeting on 17 March 2022.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares  and option rights and other special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act in one or several instalments as described below.The Board of Directors would  pursuant to the authorisation  be entitled to resolve on the issuance of an aggregate maximum of 620 000 new shares. The Board of Directors may decide to issue new shares or shares held by the Company. The maximum number of shares included in the proposed authorisation accounts for approximately 9 7% of all shares in the Company.The authorisation includes the right to issue shares  option rights and/or other special rights entitling to shares through private offering  in other words  to deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights  if there is a weighty financial reason from the Company’s point of view  such as using them as consideration to carry out acquisitions or other arrangements or investments related to the Company’s business  and/or as part of the remuneration of Board members paid for in shares as resolved by the Annual General Meeting. The authorisation also includes the right to issue shares  option rights and/or other special rights entitling to shares against payment or for free. A directed issue without payment requires that there is an especially weighty financial reason from the Company’s point of view and taking the interests of all of its shareholders into consideration.Under the authorisation  the Board of Directors will be entitled to resolve on the terms and conditions of the issuance of shares  option rights and other special rights entitling to shares  including the recipients and the compensation to be paid.It is proposed that the authorisation be valid until the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation will revoke the share issue authorisations granted by the Annual General Meeting on 17 March 2022.18. Closing of the meetingB.DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe above-mentioned proposals for decisions relating to the agenda of the Annual General Meeting as well as this notice are available on Efecte Plc’s website at https://investors.efecte.com/en. The financial statements  consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  and the auditor’s report of Efecte Plc will be available on the above-mentioned website no later than 1 March 2023. The proposals for decisions and other above-mentioned documents are also available at the Annual General Meeting. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request. The minutes of the general meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as of 5 April 2023 at the latest.C.INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS OFTHE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’registerEach shareholder who on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e. on 10 March 2023  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Registration for the Annual General Meeting will begin on 1 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting shall register for the meeting no later than by 10:00 am (EET) on 15 March 2023  by which time the registration must be received. Registration may be made:via the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com/enby telephone +358 10 2818 909 from Monday to Friday at 9:00 am to 12:00 noon and 1:00 pm to 4:00 pm; orby mail addressed to Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting/Efecte Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information such as his/her name  personal identification number and contact details. The personal data given to Efecte Plc is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.The shareholder  his/her legal representative or proxy representative shall  if necessary  be able to prove his/her identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would be entitled  on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  i.e. on 10 March 2023  to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  been temporarily registered in the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 17 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). This constitutes the required registration for the general meeting for nominee-registered shares. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not have any impact on the right to participate in the general meeting nor on the number of votes.Holders of nominee-registered shares are advised to request from their custodian bank  without delay  necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and the registration for the Annual General Meeting. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  temporarily in the shareholders’ register of the Company by the aforementioned time 17 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) at the latest  and  if needed  to arrange for advance voting on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder before the registration concerning nominee-registered shareholders has ended.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also vote in advance as described in this notice.A proxy representative must identify to the electronic registration service and advance voting in person with strong identification  after which he/she will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder he/she represents. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder in the general meeting. A statutory representation right may be demonstrated by utilising the suomi.fi e-authorisations service used in the electronic registration service.When a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives who represent the shareholder with shares on different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Proxy and voting instruction template will be available on the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com/en on 1 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. (EET) at the latest. Proxy documents are recommended to be delivered either as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration  by email to agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting/Efecte Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki before the registration for the general meeting has ended  by which time the proxy documents must be received. Efecte Plc may demand original proxy documents if considered necessary by the Company.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to follow the instructions regarding proxies given by such holder’s custodian bank as described in section 2. Holders of nominee-registered shares above. If a holder of nominee-registered shares wishes to be represented by a party other than such holder’s custodian  such legal representative must provide Innovatics Ltd with a dated proxy demonstrating the right to represent the shareholder.4. Advance votingRegistration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting will begin on 1 March 2023. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting by voting in advance must register for the Annual General Meeting and vote in advance by Wednesday 15 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) at the latest  by which time the registration and advance votes must be received.In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify the requested information such as his/her name  personal identification number and contact details. The personal data given to Efecte Plc is used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.A shareholder who has voted in advance may request information under the Finnish Companies Act  request a vote at the general meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal  if they are present at the general meeting.Shareholders holding a Finnish book-entry account may register and vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting between 1 March 2023 and 15 March 2023 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) in the following ways:a) via the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com/enElectronic registration and advance voting require strong identification of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or the proxy representative via Finnish or Swedish online bank service or mobile certificate.b) By mail or emailA shareholder voting in advance by mail or email must send the advance voting form available on the Company’s website https://investors.efecte.com/en or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting/Efecte Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by submitting advance votes by mail or email to Innovatics Oy  the submission of votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period is considered as official participation in the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s registration includes the information required for registration mentioned on the advance voting form.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the general meeting. Voting instructions will be available on the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com. Additional information on registration and advance voting is also available by telephone at +358 10 2818 909 during the registration period between 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. (EET) on weekdays.5. Otherinstructions and informationThe Annual General Meeting will be held in Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.The Company will publish video recordings of the address of the Chairman of the Board and the review of the CEO on the Company’s website at https://investors.efecte.com after the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders are requested to note that the video recordings are not a part of the official General Meeting material.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  1 March 2023  the total number of shares in Efecte Plc is 6 383 590 and the total number of votes in Efecte Plc is 6 383 590. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the general meeting do not have any impact on the right to participate in the general meeting nor on the number of votes.Espoo  1 March 2023EFECTE PLCThe Board of DirectorsFurther inquiries:Tatu PaavilainenHead of LegalEfecte Plctatu.paavilainen@efecte.com+358 400 383 064Certified Adviser:Evli Plc  tel +358 40 579 6210Efecte PlcEfecte helps people digitalize and automate their work. Customers across Europe leverage our cloud service to operate with greater agility  to improve the experience of end-users  and to save costs. The use cases for our solutions range from IT service management and ticketing to improving employee experiences  business workflows  and customer service. We are the European Alternative to the global goliaths in our space. Our headquarters is located in Finland and we have regional hubs in Germany  Poland  Spain and Sweden. Efecte is listed on the Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland marketplace.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'New Proposal', 'Efecte Plc', 'Shareholders', 'Election', 'Auditor', 'Authorised Public Accountant Taneli Mustonen', 'Authorised Public Accountant Miika Karkulahti', 'Laurea Leppävaara Campus', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'authorised public accountants', 'Annual General Meetings', 'future business relationship', 'meeting room Tuomo', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'consolidated financial statements', 'advance voting period', 'authorised representative', 'financial statementsand', 'BDO Oy', 'Young Oy', 'voting tickets', 'EFECTE PLC', 'Ehdotuksen taustalla', 'tilintarkastusyhteisön', 'evaluation process', 'principal responsibility', 'detailed guidance', 'Section C', 'other changes', 'main building', 'Vanha maantie', 'proxy representatives', 'shareholder rights', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'financial year', 'New Proposal', 'original proposal', 'counter proposal', 'audit firm', 'Section A', 'A. MATTERS', 'COMPANY ANNOUNCEMENT', 'new auditor', 'present auditor', 'original notice', 'The Company', 'The Board', '10:00 a', '11:00 a', '13 March', 'Shareholders', 'Election', 'Directors', '22 March', 'item', 'term', 'close', 'alun', 'effect', 'independency', 'Ernst', 'total', 'shares', 'votes', 'favour', 'Registrations', 'action', 'possibility', 'respect', 'person', 'More', '1 March', 'entirety', '02650 Espoo', 'reception', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'minutes', 'counting', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'report', 'CEO', 'review', 'website', 'investors', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20374,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MBH-CORPORATION-PLC-47174333/news/MBH-Corporation-Plc-43227668/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,MBH Corporation Plc:,(marketscreener.com) MBH Corporation Plc MBH Corporation Plc: 13-March-2023 / 07:40 GMT/BSTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.THIS ANNOUNCEMENT  TOGETHER WITH ANY DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  SHALL …,MBH Corporation Plc (M8H)MBH Corporation Plc:13-March-2023 / 07:40 GMT/BSTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.THIS ANNOUNCEMENT  TOGETHER WITH ANY DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  SHALL BE DEEMED TO CONSTITUTE AN ADMISSION DOCUMENT FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE AQSE GROWTH MARKET ACCESS RULEBOOK. IT HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED OR REVIEWED BY THE AQUIS STOCK EXCHANGE OR THE FINANCIAL CONDUCT AUTHORITY.13 March 2023MBH Corporation Plc(“MBH” or the “Company”)Admission to the Access Segment of the AQSE Growth MarketMBH is pleased to announce that trading of its shares consisting of 118 773 713 Ordinary Shares of nominal value of €0.01 per share will commence at 0800 GMT today on the Access segment of the AQSE Growth Market  with ISIN number GB00BF1GH114 (“Admission”).About MBH CorporationMBH is a diversified investment holding company  listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and on the Primärmarkt of the Düsseldorf Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol M8H and M8H:GR  respectively  and as of 13 March 2023 on the AQSE Growth Market. The Company acquires small to medium enterprises across multiple geographies and sectors that are well established  profitable and looking to scale  in the US$0.5m - US$5m EBIT range.The Company fully owns subsidiaries in multiple industries including construction  education  leisure  healthcare  food & beverage  property  engineering and transport sectors. Most of these subsidiaries have been acquired through an exchange of shares by the company owners for new MBH shares. Against the background of a favourable interest rate environment  MBH has also recently started to make loan-financed acquisitions through its bonds program listed on Euronext Dublin. By leveraging its agglomeration strategy  MBH aims to create shareholder value through the consistent and accretive acquisition of excellent companies.The core principle is that MBH protects and preserves what made a business profitable  then places the same into a community of like-minded businesses with the sole intention of enhancing the value of each individual group company.The strategy is for companies to convert their private shares into public shares in MBH at an agreed multiple. Locked up for 365 days  company owners are then incentivised to accelerate their growth trajectory using the resources of the plc including expertise  skill transfer of best-in-class practices  cross selling to other group companies and where appropriate  zero cost funding for new growth projects.Each group company retains its autonomy by following appropriate Corporate and Financial Governance and business owners are incentivised financially to enhance shareholder value of which  of course  they are one.Investment portfolioDetails of the companies owned by MBH can be found on the Company’s website: https://www.mbhcorporation.com/mbh-companiesInformation pursuant to AQSE Access Rule 6.2GeneralThe information published in the Company’s Prospectus approved by the FCA on 8 November 2018 and passported to the German financial authority (BaFin) in connection with the Company’s listing are incorporated by reference to this announcement. The Prospectus is available at https://www.mbhcorporation.com/mbh-corporation-plc-prospectus.Further information is available on the Company’s website at https://www.mbhcorporation.com. The Company was incorporated on 20 June 2016 in England and Wales under the Companies Act 2006 with company number 10238873.Lock-in AgreementThere are 19 lock-in agreements in place  pursuant to which each holder of the shares has agreed with the Company not to dispose or enter into any arrangement on the ordinary shares he/she is entitled to receive under the Agglomeration Agreement entered into in connection with the acquisition of the relevant company  for a period of 12 months from the issuance of the shares.Their details are set out below: (Total shares 10 568 656)Relevant Company: Acacia Training LimitedVictoria Sylvester  2 363 887 sharesRyan Sylvester  2 363 887 sharesHayley Marriott  973 081 sharesJoe Turner  973 081 sharesLisa Davies  973 081 sharesRelevant Company: Robinsons Caravans Holding Company LimitedStuart Smith  61 551 sharesJarrod Clay  102 586 sharesMo Miah  61 551 sharesMark Birchall  102 586 sharesSimon Martin  30 776 sharesJanet Barnes  30 776 sharesJordan Hastie  410 343 sharesPaul Seabridge  943 789 sharesBen Seabridge  307 758 sharesRelevant Company: 3Ks Engineering Company LimitedKevin Hanbury  217 481 sharesKarl Hanbury  217 481 sharesPaul Seabridge  144 987 sharesGoran Pregelj  144 987 sharesBen Harbour  144 987 sharesCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBoardVictoria Sylvester  CEO and Executive DirectorVictoria is the ESG lead and MBH Principal of her own company within the group  Acacia Training Limited. Victoria started her business aged 21 and supported by her team  has grown the business over the past 19 years  bringing the business into MBH in 2018. Victoria has experience in the UK education sector and social care  as well as experience of supporting business turnaround with other companies and voluntary roles within education related governing boards.Callum Laing  Non-Executive ChairCallum is an entrepreneur with more than 20 years of experience. He has started and built companies in multiple countries and industries and has been responsible for the acquisition of dozens of businesses in a range of industries.Callum has also held positions as World Business Angel Forum High Commissioner to Singapore and an Ambassador to DealGateway.com Callum is an author of 3 business books.Stanislaw Patey  Non-Executive Vice-ChairStanislaw has considerable corporate experience at operational level. For many years he has acted as an M&A Advisor  Corporate Strategist and mentor to many Chief Executive Officers and large private family offices in the UK.His expertise spans across various industries  such as Venture Capital  Private Equity  Energy  Engineering  IT and Food Manufacture/Distribution.Kevin Potter  Executive DirectorA joiner by trade  Kevin has been in business for more than 35 years. At 21 he became the youngest accredited NHBC builder and developer  building his first two new properties in Essex followed by many more luxury properties and successful developments for high end clients. Kevin is currently CEO of Guildprime Specialist Contracts Ltd  a company specialized in luxury fit outs and refurbishments for high end retail brands  sporting venues  commercial office spaces and prime residential properties.Vicky Smith  Executive DirectorVicky Smith has been successful in the health and social care sector since leaving higher education over 15 years ago. She started her career as a care assistant within the sector and in 2014 became a Registered Manager of an EMI residential home.Vicky is now the Managing Director of Samuel Hobson House - a care home in Staffordshire.Lisa Maynard-Atem  Non-Executive DirectorLisa Maynard-Atem is the Managing Director of the Black United Representation Network (BURN CIC)  an organisation focused on the economic and social empowerment of the Black community. Previous to this  Lisa worked as a Social Media Strategist both as a consultant and for Harrods  heading up their social media department for 7.5 years.Remuneration and Benefits for the year ended 31 Dec 2022Totals: £186 665 in Shares  Cash  £79 280  Total (£) 265 945Victoria Sylvester  ED-CEO  £66 666 in shares  £14 820 cash  Total £81 486Callum Laing  NED-Chair  £66 666 in shares  £14 820 cash  Total £81 486Stainslaw Patey  NED-Vice Chair  £20 000 in shares  £20 000 cash  Total £40 000Kevin Potter  ED  £14 820 cash  Total £14 820Vicky Smith  ED  £14 820 cash  Total £14 820Lisa Maynard-Atem NED  £33 333 in shares  Total £33 333Shareholdings and stock options as of [17] February 2023Totals: Shares 16 109 192  Shareholding (%) 13.56%Victoria Sylvester  4 830 328 shares  4.07% ShareholdingCallum Laing  6 509 172 shares  5.48% ShareholdingStanislaw Patey  338 413 shares  0.28% ShareholdingKevin Potter  3 862 324 shares  3.25% ShareholdingVictoria Smith  200 000 shares  0.17% ShareholdingLisa Mayard-Atem  368 955 shares  0.31% ShareholdingThe Company does not have any stock options in issue.Aquis Rule Compliance CommitteeIn addition to the Audit Committee  the Company has set up an Aquis Rule Compliance Committee  which will meet not less than twice a year.SHAREHOLDER AND SECURITY HOLDER INFORMATIONMajor shareholders: No shareholders have different voting rights.Legal and arbitration proceedings: No member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental  legal or arbitration proceedings which may have  or have had during the 12 months preceding the date of this document  a significant effect on the Group’s financial position or profitability and  so far as the Directors are aware  there are no such proceedings pending or threatened against any member of the Group.Conflicts of interests: A Director shall not vote on any matter in which he or she has a conflict of interest.Related party transactions: There are no related party transactions for the period covered by the historical financial information and up to the date of this document  other than intercompany transactions within the group (i.e. management fees  sales  dividends  intercompany loans).Articles of Association: There is no provision of the Company’s articles of association that would have an effect of delaying  deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company.SETTLEMENT AND TRADINGThe Ordinary Shares have been admitted to CREST. Accordingly  settlement of transactions in the Ordinary Shares following Admission may take place within the CREST system if relevant Shareholders so wish.CREST is the paperless settlement system operated by Euroclear enabling securities to be evidenced otherwise than by certificates and transferred otherwise than by written instruments.The directors of the Company accept responsibility for the contents of the announcement.For further information  please contact:CEOVictoria Sylvesterinfo@mbhcorporation.comFor IR and media enquiries:Charlotte Fordhamcharlotte.fordham@mbhcorporation.com+44 (0) 770 396 3953Corporate AdviserFirst Sentinel Corporate Finance LimitedBrian Stockbridgebrian@first-sentinel.com+44 (0) 7876 888 011,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.19,0.58,True,English,"['MBH Corporation Plc', 'Robinsons Caravans Holding Company Limited', 'AQSE GROWTH MARKET ACCESS RULEBOOK', 'small to medium enterprises', 'favourable interest rate environment', 'Düsseldorf Stock Exchange', 'diversified investment holding company', '3Ks Engineering Company Limited', 'Acacia Training Limited', 'AQSE Access Rule', 'new growth projects', 'AQUIS STOCK EXCHANGE', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', '5m EBIT range', 'zero cost funding', 'FINANCIAL CONDUCT AUTHORITY', 'German financial authority', 'CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board', 'UK education sector', 'individual group company', 'other group companies', 'MBH Corporation Plc', 'new MBH shares', 'growth trajectory', 'Financial Governance', 'Access Segment', 'Investment portfolio', 'appropriate Corporate', 'ISIN number', 'Primärmarkt', 'ticker symbol', 'company owners', 'loan-financed acquisitions', 'bonds program', 'Euronext Dublin', 'core principle', 'minded businesses', 'sole intention', 'skill transfer', 'class practices', 'company number', 'relevant company', 'Ryan Sylvester', 'Hayley Marriott', 'Joe Turner', 'Lisa Davies', 'Stuart Smith', 'Jarrod Clay', 'Mo Miah', 'Mark Birchall', 'Simon Martin', 'Janet Barnes', 'Jordan Hastie', 'Paul Seabridge', 'Ben Seabridge', 'Kevin Hanbury', 'Karl Hanbury', 'Goran Pregelj', 'Ben Harbour', 'Executive Director', 'ESG lead', 'past 19 years', 'excellent companies', 'Companies Act', 'nominal value', 'shareholder value', 'multiple geographies', 'multiple industries', 'Further information', 'MBH Principal', 'The Company', 'transport sectors', 'agglomeration strategy', 'accretive acquisition', 'companies Information', '19 lock-in agreements', 'Agglomeration Agreement', 'Victoria Sylvester', 'ADMISSION DOCUMENT', 'M8H:GR', 'business owners', '118,773,713 Ordinary Shares', 'private shares', 'public shares', 'Total shares', 'The Prospectus', '2,363,887 shares', '973,081 shares', '61,551 shares', '102,586 shares', '30,776 shares', '343 shares', '943,789 shares', '307,758 shares', '217,481 shares', '144,987 shares', '07:40 GMT', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'DOCUMENTS', 'REFERENCE', 'PURPOSES', 'March', 'trading', '0800 GMT', 'scale', 'subsidiaries', 'construction', 'leisure', 'healthcare', 'food', 'beverage', 'property', 'background', 'consistent', 'community', '365 days', 'resources', 'expertise', 'autonomy', 'Details', 'website', 'General', 'FCA', '8 November', 'BaFin', 'connection', 'listing', 'mbhcorporation', 'mbh-corporation', '20 June', 'England', 'Wales', 'place', 'arrangement', 'period', '12 months', 'issuance', 'CEO', 'team', 'experience', 'socia']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20375,Euroclear,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1105771948/ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-IN-CONCENTRIC,ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING IN CONCENTRIC,PRNewswire/ --<br />The Concentric AB board of directors has resolved to convene an annual general meeting of sha,The notice is expected to be published in the Swedish Official Gazette (Post- och Inrikes Tidningar) and on the company's website within the next few days.Annual general meeting in concentric ABThe annual general meeting of Concentric AB will be held at 13.00 CET on Tuesday  April 18  2023 at Klara strand  S:ta Clara  Klarabergsviadukten 90  in Stockholm. Registration begins at 12.30 CET.The board has resolved  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4a of the Swedish Companies Act and the company's articles of association  that shareholders shall have the right to exercise their voting rights by postal voting prior to the general meeting. Consequently  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the general meeting by attending in person  through a proxy or by postal voting.Right to attend and notification to the companyShareholders wishing to attend the general meeting must:i.be recorded as shareholders in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  as of Thursday  April 6  2023; andii.notify the company of their intention to participate in the general meeting no later than on Wednesday  April 12  2023.Notice may be submitted in writing to the company at the address Concentric AB  'Annual General Meeting'  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden or by phone to +4684029133 business days between 9.00 CET and 16.00 CET  on the company's website  or by e-mail to [email protected] . On giving notice of attendance  the shareholder should state the shareholder's name (company name)  personal identity number (corporate identity number)  address  telephone number and number of shares. The registration procedure described above also applies to registration for any advisors. A shareholder that exercises its voting rights through a postal voting form does not have to send in a separate notice of participation  see below under postal voting.Nominee registered sharesIn order to participate in the general meeting  those whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must request their bank or broker to have their shares owner-registered with Euroclear Sweden AB as of Wednesday  April 12  2023 and the bank or broker should therefore be notified in due time before said date. This registration may be made temporarily.Postal votingThe shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the general meeting by postal voting. A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on the company's website . The voting form can also be obtained from the company or by contacting Euroclear Sweden AB at the contact information above. For the items on the agenda where the board or the nomination committee have submitted proposals  it is possible to vote Yes or No  which is clearly stated in the postal voting form. A shareholder can also abstain from voting on any item.The completed voting form must be received by the company no later than on Wednesday  April 12  2023. The postal voting form is valid as a notification to the general meeting. Shareholders can  through verification with BankID  cast their postal vote electronically via Euroclear Sweden AB's website . Such electronic votes must be submitted no later than Wednesday  April 12  2023.The completed form  including any appendices  must be sent by e-mail to [email protected]or alternatively by post in original to Concentric AB  'Annual General Meeting'  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or an equivalent authority document  shall be enclosed to the form. The same applies if the shareholder votes in advance by proxy.The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the postal vote is invalid in its entirety. Further instructions and conditions are included in the postal voting form.Proxy and proxy formAnyone who does not attend the general meeting in person may exercise their right at the general meeting via a proxy in possession of a signed and dated form of proxy. The same applies if a shareholder exercises its voting rights by postal voting. Forms of proxy are available on the company's website . The form of proxy may also be obtained from the company or by contacting Euroclear Sweden AB at contact information above. If the proxy is issued by a legal person  a copy of their registration certificate or equivalent authority document must be attached. The proxy must have been issued within the past year unless a longer period of validity is specified on the form of proxy  subject to a maximum of five years. To facilitate entry to the general meeting  forms of proxy  registration certificates and other documentary authority must be received by the company well in advance before the general meeting.Proposed agenda1.Opening of the general meeting2.Election of chair of the general meeting3.Drawing up and approval of the voting list4.Approval of the agenda5.Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes6.Determination of whether the general meeting was duly convened7.Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated financial statements and the consolidated auditor's report8.Resolutions on:a.adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet;b.appropriation of the company's result according to the adopted balance sheet and on record date for dividend; andc.discharge of personal liability for the board members and the CEO for the financial year 20229.Resolution on the number of board members10.Resolution on fees to the board members and the auditor11.Election of the board members and chair of the board12.Election of auditor13.Resolution on approval of guidelines for salaries and other remuneration14.Resolution on approval of remuneration report15.Resolution on performance based incentive programme (LTI 2023)16.Resolution on a directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants17.Resolution on:a.authorisation for the board to resolve on acquisition of own shares;b.authorisation for the board to resolve on transfer of own shares; andc.transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 202318.Closing of the general meetingProposed resolutionsElection of chair of the general meeting (item 2)The nomination committee proposes that Anders Nielsen  or if he is prevented from attending  the person the nomination committee proposes in his place  be elected chair of the general meeting.Resolution on appropriation of the company's result according to the adopted balance sheet and on record date for dividend (item 8.b)The general meeting has at its disposal profits carried forward of SEK 2 109 842 000  which is increased with the net profit for the year of SEK 84 193 000. Thus  the general meeting has in total a non-restricted equity of SEK 2 194 035 000 at its disposal.The board proposes a dividend for the financial year 2022 of SEK 4.00 per share  totaling SEK151 918 000 (shares held by the company and shares held by the Employee Share Ownership Trust are excluded from dividend) and that the balance of SEK 2 042 117 000 is carried forward.As record date for the dividend the board proposes Thursday  April 20  2023. Subject to the resolution by the general meeting in accordance with this proposal  the cash dividend is expected to be distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday  April 25  2023.Resolution on the number of board members (item 9)The nomination committee proposes that the board shall be composed of seven board members elected at the general meeting  with no alternates  for the period until the next annual general meeting.Resolution on fees to the board members and the auditor (item 10)The nomination committee proposes that fees to the board members for the period up to and including the annual general meeting 2024 are paid in accordance with the resolution of the 2022 annual general meeting  i.e. that the fees to the board members are proposed to remain unchanged. Thus  a fixed fee of a total of SEK 3 650 000 is proposed  of which the chair of the board will receive SEK 900 000 and other board members will receive SEK 375 000. In addition  the chair of the compensation committee will receive SEK 125 000 and member of the compensation committee will receive SEK 50 000. Further  the nomination committee proposes that the chair of the audit committee will receive SEK 175 000 and member of said committee will receive SEK 75 000.The nomination committee proposes that fees to the auditor for services performed are to be paid against  by the company  approved account.Election of the board members and chair of the board (item 11)The nomination committee proposes re-election of the board members Karin Gunnarsson  Anders Nielsen  Susanna Schneeberger  Martin Sköld  Claes Magnus Åkesson  Petra Sundström and Joachim Rosenberg until the next annual general meeting. It is proposed that Anders Nielsen be re-elected chair of the board until the next annual general meeting.Information about the proposed board members can be found on the company's website .Election of auditor (item 12)The nomination committee proposes that the company shall have one auditor with no alternate. The nomination committee proposes  according to the audit committee's recommendation  re-election of the registered accounting firm KPMG AB as the company's auditor until the end of the annual general meeting 2024. KPMG AB has notified the company that Joakim Thilstedt  authorised public accountant  will continue to be the auditor-in-charge of the company.Resolution on approval of guidelines for salaries and other remuneration (item 13)The board proposes that the general meeting adopts the following guidelines for the establishment of salaries and other compensation to directors  the chief executive officer ('CEO') and other senior executives. The group of senior executives encompassed by these guidelines comprises the CEO and other members of the group executive management who report directly to the CEO and have strategic accountability for business unit operations and governance matters directed by the board. These guidelines will be valid for agreements entered into after the general meeting's resolution and for changes made to existing agreements thereafter. These guidelines do not apply to any director fees decided or approved by the general meeting or such issues and transfers as are covered by Chapter 16 in the Swedish Companies Act.The guidelines' promotion of the company's business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityIn short  the company's business strategy is the following:Concentric is one of the world's leading pump manufacturers. The company seeks to deliver sustainable growth for every application in the markets it serves. The company aims to improve fuel economy  reduce emissions and improve engine control through our technical solutions and precision engineering.The company creates value for its customers through:Developing world class technology with innovative solutions that meet the demands of our customers and end markets;Selling locally to the company's global customers by capitalising on our global infrastructure and teams; and Embedding business excellence in all that the company does.The company's people is the most valuable asset and the Company aims to leverage and nurture the unique skills of the teams across the globe through a strong and inclusive corporate culture.The company aims to deliver strong and sustainable shareholder returns and target growth both organically and through acquisitions which deliver complementary technologies.For more information regarding the company's business strategy  please seeIt is of fundamental importance to the company and its shareholders that these guidelines  in both a short and long term perspective  enable the company to attract and retain senior executives and other employees with excellent competence. The purpose of these guidelines is to increase transparency in remuneration issues and through relevant remuneration structures create incentives for senior executives  to execute strategic plans and deliver effective operational results to support the company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability. To obtain this it is important to sustain fair and internally balanced terms that are at the same time competitive on the market with respect to structure  scope and compensation levels. These guidelines enable the company  regardless of geographical market  to offer the senior executives a competitive total compensation.Remuneration and remuneration formsThe terms of employment for senior executives should consist of a balanced combination of fixed remuneration  annual bonus  pension and other benefits and terms for dismissal/severance payment. Furthermore  the board may prepare and the general meeting resolve on  share and share-price related incentive programmes. Such a combination of compensation fosters and supports well-functioning management and achievement of objectives in both a short and long-term perspective.The remuneration should be based on performance and be competitive.The various types of remuneration that may be paid out are described below. As a share of the total compensation the following guidance shall apply:Fixed remuneration50%Annual bonus25%LTI25%The total compensation of the senior executives is evaluated against relevant (geographical and industry) market data to maintain fair and balanced terms which are at the same time competitive within the market.Fixed remunerationThe fixed remuneration shall be individually determined and shall be based on each individual's responsibility and role as well as the individual's competence and experience in the relevant position.Annual bonusSenior executives have an annual bonus that is payable after each year end. The annual bonus is structured as a variable part of the total compensation. Bonus objectives shall primarily be based on the outcomes of financial objectives for the entire company as well as clearly defined individual objectives with respect to specific assignments. The latter is to ensure that the senior executive also focuses on non-financial objectives of specific interest. The financial and non-financial objectives shall be designed so as to contribute to the company's business strategy  long-term interests  including its sustainability.The financial objectives for the company shall be established by the board annually in order to ensure that they are in line with the company's business strategy and profit targets. On behalf of the board  the compensation committee establishes the financial objectives for individual units proposed by the CEO. The compensation committee shall make its annual evaluation based on the latest financial information made public by the company.The individual objectives for senior executives are set up to a maximum of 4 which account for between 15 and 30 per cent of the total annual bonus award. Individual objectives will focus on strategic targets related to people  revenue growth in all economies and accelerating technology.The individual objectives for the CEO are directly aligned to strategic growth and development of the business and are agreed by the compensation committee. In turn  the individual objectives for the senior executives have the same focus and alignment to ensure flow-down through each business and function. The individual objectives are proposed by the senior executives in agreement with the CEO  with final approval from the compensation committee. At the end of the bonus period  each senior executive will provide an evidence-based assessment of their performance against individual objectives for agreement and approval by the CEO. The CEO's assessment of performance will be agreed and approved by the compensation committee.The part of the total compensation consisting of the annual bonus varies depending on position and may be up to a maximum of 50 per cent of the fixed remuneration at full objectives achievement. The bonus objectives are constructed so that no bonus will be paid if a certain minimum performance level is not achieved. All bonus schemes within the organisation are discretionary and payable only after approval by the compensation committee unless payment is guaranteed by an existing legal agreement or contract.The board of directors  under exceptional circumstances  may limit or cancel payments of variable remuneration provided that such actions are deemed reasonable (malus). The board of directors shall also have the possibility  under local law or contractual provisions and subject to the restrictions thereof  to in whole or in part reclaim variable remuneration paid on incorrect grounds (clawback).Remuneration payable to directorsIn certain cases directors elected by the general meeting should be able to receive fees and other remuneration for work carried out on the company's behalf  alongside their board work. Fees at market rates  to be approved by the Board  may be payable for such services.PensionWhen entering into new pension agreements with senior executives who are entitled to pension  the pension shall be based on defined contribution plans. Senior executives retire in accordance with local regulations on pension.As a main principle  pension contributions are based solely on fixed remuneration and the pension scheme(s) in operation will be appropriate to comply with governing local legislation. Senior executives in the UK are invited to participate in a defined contribution plan which sets 12 per cent employer contribution rate. Senior executives in the USA participate in a 401(k) pension scheme. The company ensures adherence to the scheme rules of each plan.For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  pension benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.Other benefitsOther benefits  such as company car  compensation for healthcare and health and medical insurance shall form a minor part of the total compensation and shall correspond to what may be deemed market practice on each relevant market.For employments governed by other law than Swedish  other benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.Special remunerationFurther variable remuneration may be awarded in extraordinary circumstances  provided that such extraordinary arrangements are limited in time and do not exceed 36 months  and may only be made on an individual basis  either for the purpose of recruiting or retaining executives  or to induce individuals to move to new places of service or accept new positions or as remuneration for extraordinary performance beyond the individual's ordinary tasks. Further  the total compensation must not exceed an amount equivalent to two times the remuneration the individual would have received in the absence of an agreement on special remunerations. Any resolution on such remuneration shall be made by the Board based on a proposal from the compensation committee.Long-Term Incentive ProgrammeIn order to foster a long-term perspective in the decision-making and to ensure long-term achievement of objectives  the board may propose the general meeting to resolve on long-term incentive programmes.The board uses long-term incentives in order to ensure that senior executives within the company have a long-term interest in a stable value increase of the Concentric share  which support the company's business strategy  including its sustainability. By implementing an incentive programme that is connected to the company's profits and at the same time its increase in value  the long-term growth of the company is rewarded and fostered. Further  long-term incentive programmes also aim to make the company a more attractive employer  which contributes to the company's ability to retain key employees within the group as well as to recruit new key employees.As all such long-term incentive programmes are proposed by the board and voted at a general meeting in the company  these remuneration guidelines do not apply to such long-term incentive programmes.For more information about the company's long-term incentive programmes  including the criteria that outcomes are based on  refer to . Target fulfilment is reported in the company's annual reports and is also available at the company's website.The board nominates participants for long-term incentive programmes and the board will evaluate whether or not long-term incentive programmes will be proposed at future general meetings.Terms for dismissal etc.Terms for dismissal and severance pay shall correspond to what may be deemed market practice on each relevant market. The CEO has a notice period of 12 months. Other senior executives have a notice period up to 6 months. In addition hereto  agreement may be made with senior executives on severance pay upon termination of employment by the company  corresponding to a maximum of 12 months' fixed remuneration.Remuneration and employment conditions for other employeesIn the preparation of the boards' proposal for these guidelines  remuneration and employment conditions for employees of the company have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the compensation committee's and the board's basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable. The development of the gap between the remuneration to senior executives and remuneration to other employees will be disclosed annually in the company's remuneration report.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe board and its compensation committee resolve on the structures of remuneration systems  as well as levels and forms of remuneration to senior executives. The board shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The compensation committee shall monitor and evaluate programmes for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the company.The members of the compensation committee are independent of the company and its executive management. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the board's processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters. Conflicts of interest are counteracted in all decisions and any potential conflicts of interest are handled in accordance with the company's framework for governance  consisting out of a code of conduct  policies and guidelines.Derogation from the guidelinesThe board may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serve the company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the company's financial viability. As set out above  the compensation committee's tasks include preparing the board's resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Description of material changes to the guidelines and how the views of shareholders' have been taken into considerationThe content of the guidelines has been reviewed and adapted to the legal requirements imposed by Directive (EU) 2017/828 of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 2007/36/ EC as regards encouragement of the long-term shareholder engagement.Remunerations previously decided but not yet dueAt the time of the annual general meeting on 18 April 2023  Concentric has no unsettled obligations of remuneration  except ongoing obligations to senior executives in accordance with the principles of remuneration described in the annual report.Resolution on approval of remuneration report (item 14)The board proposes that the general meeting resolves to approve the board's report on remuneration pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53a of the Swedish Companies Act.Resolution on performance based incentive programme (LTI 2023) (item 15)GeneralThe board believes that an incentive programme that is connected to the company's profits  and at the same time its increase in value  will award and foster the long-term growth of the company. Further  an incentive programme will contribute to the ability of the company to retain and recruit key employees within the group.Considering the above  the board proposes a long-term performance based incentive programme ('LTI 2023') under which senior executives and key employees will be entitled to receive performance shares that entitle the participants to receive shares in the company under the terms and conditions set out below. The board's intention is that the incentive programme will run over a long-term period  thus the board intends to propose the general meeting in the coming years to resolve upon similar incentive programmes.To be able to implement LTI 2023 in a cost-efficient and flexible manner  the board has considered various methods for transferring shares under LTI 2023  such as repurchase and transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023  transfer of warrants entitling to subscription of new shares  or share swap agreement with a third party. The board has also taken into consideration that delivery of shares under LTI 2023 will be made no earlier than 2026. In order to retain full flexibility  the board proposes that shares can be delivered with any of the above three alternate methods (in accordance with the proposals below and the board's proposal on directed issue and transfer of warrants and the board's proposal on acquisition and transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023  with the right for the board to combine or choose any of the methods.The proposalConcentric has implemented LTI programmes on an annual basis since 2012. The LTI programme has enabled Concentric to offer a competitive total reward package necessary to attract and retain employees who are critical to Concentric's ongoing success.The board proposes that the general meeting resolve on the implementation of a long-term incentive programme  LTI 2023  principally based on the following conditions and principles.Performance criteriaThe portion (if any) of an LTIP Award that will vest at the end of the Vesting Period is based on and subject to the satisfaction of the performance conditions set out below during the 2023  2024  and 2025 financial years  i.e. during the period 1 January 2023 up to and including 31 December 2025 ('Performance Period'). The percentage weighting between the different performance conditions is stated below and the outcome for each performance condition will be determined individually. This means  inter alia  that all performance conditions do not have to be fulfilled for allocation of Performance Shares to take place.Earnings per share40 per cent of the allocation under an LTIP Award will depend on the accumulated earnings per Concentric share ('EPS') during the Performance Period. The Board of Directors will determine a minimum and maximum level  which will be disclosed after expiry of LTI 2023. If the minimum level is reached  an allocation of 25 per cent related to EPS will occur. If the maximum level is reached or exceeded  a full allocation related to EPS will occur. If the outcome is between the minimum level and the maximum level  a linear allocation related to EPS will occur. If the minimum level is not reached  no allocation related to the EPS will occur.Return on capital employed40 per cent of the allocation under an LTIP Award will depend on the average return on capital employed ('ROCE') during the years covered by the Performance Period. The Board of Directors will determine a minimum and maximum level  which will be disclosed after expiry of LTI 2023. If the minimum level is reached  an allocation of 25 per cent related to ROCE will occur. If the maximum level is reached or exceeded  a full allocation related to ROCE will occur. If the outcome is between the minimum level and the maximum level  a linear allocation related to ROCE will occur. If the minimum level is not reached  no allocation related to the ROCE will occur.Sustainability20 per cent of the allocation under an LTIP Award will depend on the revenue from the sale of electrical products as a percentage of total group revenue ('ESG Target') at the end of the final year of the Performance Period. The Board of Directors will determine a minimum and maximum level  which will be disclosed after expiry of LTI 2023. If the minimum level is reached  an allocation of 25 per cent related to the ESG Target will occur. If the maximum level is reached or exceeded  a full allocation related to ESG Target will occur. If the outcome is between the minimum level and the maximum level  a linear allocation related to ESG Target will occur. If the minimum level is not reached  no allocation related to the ESG Target will occur.Authorisation to enter into a swap agreementThe company's supply of shares to the participants under LTI 2023 may be made by instructing a third party to deliver Concentric shares under a swap agreement.In accordance with this  the board proposes that the general meeting resolve to authorise the board to enter into a swap agreement regarding own shares. Thus  it is proposed that the financial exposure of LTI 2023 may be hedged by the company entering into a share swap agreement with a third party  whereby the third party in its own name shall acquire and transfer Concentric shares to participants in LTI 2023.CostsThe LTI 2023 may result in annual costs of no more than MSEK 7.1 for the company if the performance criteria are fully met  and an annual 15 per cent share price growth is assumed. In addition to this  social security charges will apply upon allocation of the Performance Shares  in the year 2026. Social security charges may amount to no more than MSEK 1.5 annually  based on the above assumptions.Preparation of the matterThe board's proposal on LTI 2023 has been prepared by the board.Resolution on a directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants (item 16)The board proposes that the general meeting resolve on a directed issue of warrants with the right to subscribe for new shares in the company  in accordance with the below proposal.The board's proposal entails that the general meeting shall decide on a directed issue of 105 000 warrants with the right to subscription of new shares in the company  principally in accordance with the following conditions.Reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rightThe reason for deviating from the shareholders' preferential rights is that the company wishes to implement an incentive program for senior executives and key employees within the group  by which they can be offered the opportunity to take part in an increase in the company's share value.DilutionAt full utilisation of the warrants  the number of outstanding shares in the company will increase by 105 000. These shares constitute 0.3 per cent of the number of shares and votes after full dilution  calculated as the number of new shares in relation to the number of existing and new shares in the company. Together with outstanding warrants under previous incentive programs  the warrants will result in a combined dilution of approximately 0.5 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes in the company.If the proposed warrants had been fully utilised throughout 2022  the company's basic and diluted earnings per share for the financial year 2022 would have been SEK 13.20 and SEK 13.14 per share respectively on a pro forma basis  instead of SEK 13.20 and SEK 13.18 per share respectively as reported.In the event that repurchased shares  or shares transferred by a third party under a swap agreement  (in accordance with the board's proposal for acquisition and transfer of own shares and the board's proposal of LTI 2023  respectively) are fully or partly transferred to the participants in LTI 2023 instead of warrants  the dilution will be reduced.Transfer of the warrantsFurthermore  the board proposes that the general meeting resolve to approve that Concentric Skånes Fagerhult AB  on one or more occasions  may transfer warrants to a third party for reassignment of shares to the participants in LTI 2023 in accordance with the terms and conditions of LTI 2023  and dispose of the warrants in order to cover costs related to  or fulfil obligations occurring under  LTI 2023.Preparation of the matterThe board's proposal has been prepared by the board.Special authorisation and condition for resolutionThe board proposes that the board  or anyone appointed by the board  shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments to the above proposed resolution that may be necessary upon registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or due to any other formal requirement.The board proposes that a resolution under this proposal be subject to the general meeting having resolved to pass the board's proposal on LTI 2023 under item 15 on the agenda.Resolution on authorisation for the board to resolve on acquisition of own shares  authorisation for the board to resolve on transfer of own shares  and transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023 (items 17.a-17.c)Proposal for a resolution on authorisation for the board to resolve on acquisition of own shares (item 17.a)The board proposes that the general meeting authorises the board to resolve on repurchase of own shares on one or several occasions during the period up to the annual general meeting 2024 in accordance with the following.The reasons for the proposed authorisation to repurchase own shares are to be able to improve the company's capital structure and to enable share transfers in accordance with the board's proposals for authorisation for the board to transfer own shares and for previous and proposed resolution on transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2020-2023  to increase the flexibility for the board in connection to potential future corporate acquisitions  as well as to cover costs for LTI 2020-2023 and enable delivery of shares in accordance with LTI 2020-2023. References made to LTI 2020-2022 includes the JSOP and Employee Share Ownership Trust.Proposal for a resolution on authorisation for the board to resolve on transfer of own shares (item 17.b)The board proposes that the general meeting authorises the board to resolve on transfer of own shares on one or several occasions during the period up to the annual general meeting 2024 in accordance with the following.The reasons for the proposed authorisation to transfer own shares and for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights are to be able to improve the company's capital structure  to cover costs relating to LTI 2020-2023 (including costs related to the JSOP) as well as to increase the flexibility of the board in connection to potential future corporate acquisitions  by facilitating a fast and cost-efficient financing by divesting holdings of own shares.Proposal for a resolution on transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023 (item 17.c)The board proposes that the general meeting resolve on transfer of own shares in accordance with the following.The reason for the proposed transfer and for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to enable delivery of shares under LTI 2023.The board proposes that a resolution under this proposal be subject to the general meeting having resolved to pass the board's proposal on LTI 2023 under item 15 on the agenda.Majority requirementsResolutions under items 17.a (authorisation for the board to resolve on acquisition of own shares) and 17.b (authorisation for the board to resolve on transfer of own shares) will not be valid unless supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.Resolutions under items 16 (directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants) and 17.c (transfer of own shares to participants in LTI 2023) will not be valid unless supported by shareholders representing at least nine tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.DocumentsAll documents in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act (2005:551) will be available at the company's legal counsel  Advokatfirman Lindahl  at Nybrogatan 17 in Stockholm and on the company's websiteno later than as from Tuesday  March 28  2023 and will be sent  immediately and free of charge to the recipient  to those shareholders who so request and state their postal address.InformationIf so requested by any shareholder and if the board deems it possible without significant detriment to the company  the board and CEO must provide information at the general meeting about circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that can affect the assessment of the company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation  the group accounts and the company's relation to other companies within the group. Shareholders who wish to submit questions in advance may send them to Victoria Skoglund  Concentric AB  Box 5898  102 40 Stockholm  Sweden.Shares and votesAs per the day of this notice  the number of shares and votes in the company totals 38 297 600 respectively of which the company holds 108 153 shares. In addition to this  209 947 shares have been transferred to an employee share ownership trust.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  please seeConcentric AB (publ)The board of directorsCONTACT:For additional information please contact Marcus Whitehouse  telephone +44-121-445 6545The following files are available for download:ReleaseSOURCE Concentric AB,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.52,0.21,0.27,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'CONCENTRIC', 'Post- och Inrikes Tidningar', 'Swedish Official Gazette', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Such electronic votes', 'equivalent authority document', 'other documentary authority', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual general meeting', 'Nominee registered shares', 'postal voting form', 'concentric AB', 'postal vote', 'telephone number', 'voting rights', 'voting list', 'Klara strand', 'ta Clara', 'share register', 'due time', 'contact information', 'nomination committee', 'legal entity', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'past year', 'longer period', 'five years', 'two persons', 'special form', 'completed form', 'registration procedure', 'registration certificate', '33 business days', 'legal person', 'separate notice', 'proxy form', 'company name', 'website', 'next', '13.00 CET', 'Tuesday', 'April', 'Klarabergsviadukten', 'Stockholm', '12.30 CET', 'board', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'articles', 'association', 'shareholders', 'notification', 'Thursday', 'intention', 'Wednesday', 'writing', 'address', 'Box', '9.00 CET', '16.00 CET', 'mail', 'attendance', 'advisors', 'participation', 'order', 'bank', 'broker', 'date', 'items', 'agenda', 'proposals', 'verification', 'appendices', 'original', 'advance', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'Anyone', 'possession', 'signed', 'Forms', 'copy', 'validity', 'maximum', 'entry', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chair', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination']",2023-03-14,2023-03-14,menafn.com
20376,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@Alla92490007 Hello We offer Swift MT760 BG/SBLC  FC MTN  BCL  DTC  KTT  EUROCLEAR  Bank Draft  Letter of Credit… https://t.co/pjrSw6s2w7,nan,@Alla92490007 Hello We offer Swift MT760 BG/SBLC  FC MTN  BCL  DTC  KTT  EUROCLEAR  Bank Draft  Letter of Credit… https://t.co/pjrSw6s2w7,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Swift MT760 BG/SBLC', 'FC MTN', 'Bank Draft', 'BCL', 'DTC', 'KTT', 'EUROCLEAR', 'Letter', 'Credit', 'Swift MT760 BG/SBLC', 'FC MTN', 'Bank Draft', 'BCL', 'DTC', 'KTT', 'EUROCLEAR', 'Letter', 'Credit']",2023-03-14,2023-03-14,Unknown
20377,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,The difference between ESG and sustainability communications is more than just a report #AAA Websites Euroclear Fin… https://t.co/ncM26cr3I9,nan,The difference between ESG and sustainability communications is more than just a report #AAA Websites Euroclear Fin… https://t.co/ncM26cr3I9,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.86,0.01,True,English,"['sustainability communications', 'difference', 'ESG', 'report', 'ncM26cr3I9', 'sustainability communications', 'difference', 'ESG', 'report', 'ncM26cr3I9']",2023-03-14,2023-03-14,Unknown
20378,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Four days into banking crisis  questions outnumber answers #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/q8fb39kW5r #regtech,nan,Four days into banking crisis  questions outnumber answers #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/q8fb39kW5r #regtech,neutral,0.0,0.66,0.33,neutral,0.0,0.66,0.33,True,English,"['AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Four days', 'banking crisis', 'questions', 'answers', 'Fintech', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Four days', 'banking crisis', 'questions', 'answers', 'Fintech']",2023-03-14,2023-03-14,Unknown
20379,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Will the Fed's new liquidity facility restore confidence? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/oVVb4OqhXg #regtech,nan,Will the Fed's new liquidity facility restore confidence? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/oVVb4OqhXg #regtech,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,True,English,"['new liquidity facility', 'Fed', 'confidence', 'new liquidity facility', 'Fed', 'confidence']",2023-03-14,2023-03-14,Unknown
20380,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/global-1277-billion-asset-servicing-123800687.html,Global $1277 Billion Asset Servicing Markets  Analysis & Forecasts  2017-2022  2022-2027F  2032F: Focus on Fund Services  Custody and Accounting  Outsourcing Services  & Securities Lending,"Global Asset Servicing Market Global Asset Servicing Market Dublin  March 13  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The ""Asset Servicing Global Market Report 2023"" report...","Company LogoGlobal Asset Servicing MarketGlobal Asset Servicing MarketDublin  March 13  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The ""Asset Servicing Global Market Report 2023"" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.The global asset servicing market will grow from $1159.45 billion in 2022 to $1277.82 billion in 2023 at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 10.2%. The asset servicing market is expected to grow to $1830.69 billion in 2027 at a CAGR of 9.4%.Major players in the asset servicing market are National Australia Bank Limited  CACEIS  BNY Mellon  HSBC  JP Morgan  Citi  The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (BNY Mellon)  State Street Corporation  UBS  and Clearstream (Deutsche Borse Group).The asset servicing market consists of revenues earned by entities by providing administration services through a central securities depository (CSD) or custodian in connection with the custody and/or safekeeping of financial instruments (e.g.  the processing of corporate events or the handling of taxes) on a fee or commission basis. The market value includes the value of related goods sold by the service provider or included within the service offering. Only goods and services traded between entities or sold to end consumers are included.North America was the largest region in the asset servicing market in 2022. Western Europe was the second largest region in the asset management market. The regions covered in the asset servicing market report are Asia-Pacific  Western Europe  Eastern Europe  North America  South America  Middle East  and Africa.The main services offered in asset servicing are fund services  custody and accounting  outsourcing services  and securities lending. Securities lending is the process of lending shares of stock  commodities  derivative contracts  or other securities to other investors or firms. The borrower must put up collateral in the form of cash  other assets  or a letter of credit when applying for a security loan. The services are offered to large enterprises  medium-sized and small enterprises  capital markets  and wealth management firms.Globalization acts as a major driver for the growth of the asset servicing industry. According to a study on global asset servicing  nearly 60% of asset services in Assets Under Administration (AUA) and Assets Under Contract (AUC) predict that globalization is likely to be a strong driver for the asset servicing market's growth over the coming years. The players dealing in the asset servicing industry are majorly focusing on the APAC markets and other growing economies.Story continuesMoreover  according to the BNP Paribas Securities Services article published in January 2020  India was expected to experience impressive growth in the asset management and servicing industry owing to the increasing working population  the rising buying power of the populace  and expected growth in the GDP of the country. Thus  globalization creates a large avenue for the expansion and growth of the asset servicing market over the coming years.The stringent regulatory framework is predicted to limit the growth of the asset servicing industry over the forecast period. According to Funds Europe's asset servicing roundtable  rising global regulation is adding cost and risk to asset servicing  creating a requirement for asset servicers to constantly engage with clients and regulators.In addition to this  according to EY's new opportunities for asset servicing study  nearly 75% of the companies see the impact of regulations as the greater risk facing the asset servicing industry. Therefore  the increased scrutiny from regulatory agencies is anticipated to hinder the asset service market's growth in the coming years.Robotic process automation (RPA) or automation is a major trend shaping the growth of the asset servicing market. Robotic process automation alone could reduce the headcount by 60-70% in the asset servicing industry while also achieving cost savings of approximately 30-40%.The countries covered in the asset servicing market are Australia  Brazil  China  France  Germany  India  Indonesia  Japan  Russia  South Korea  UK  and USA.Key Attributes:Report Attribute Details No. of Pages 175 Forecast Period 2023 - 2027 Estimated Market Value (USD) in 2023 $1277.82 billion Forecasted Market Value (USD) by 2027 $1830.69 billion Compound Annual Growth Rate 9.4% Regions Covered GlobalA selection of companies mentioned in this report includesNational Australia Bank LimitedCACEISBNY MellonHSBCJP MorganCitiThe Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (BNY Mellon)State Street CorporationUBSClearstream (Deutsche Borse Group)Northern Trust CorporationBNP Paribas Securities ServicesSimCrop A/SBroadridge Financial Solutions Inc.Pictet GroupKey Topics Covered:1. Executive Summary2. Asset Servicing Market Characteristics3. Asset Servicing Market Trends And Strategies4. Asset Servicing Market - Macro Economic Scenario4.1 COVID-19 Impact On Asset Servicing Market4.2 Ukraine-Russia War Impact On Asset Servicing Market4.3 Impact Of High Inflation On Asset Servicing Market5. Asset Servicing Market Size And Growth5.1. Global Asset Servicing Historic Market  2017-2022  $ Billion5.1.1. Drivers Of The Market5.1.2. Restraints On The Market5.2. Global Asset Servicing Forecast Market  2022-2027F  2032F  $ Billion5.2.1. Drivers Of The Market5.2.2. Restraints On the Market6. Asset Servicing Market Segmentation6.1. Global Asset Servicing Market  Segmentation By Service  Historic and Forecast  2017-2022  2022-2027F  2032F  $ BillionFund ServicesCustody and AccountingOutsourcing ServicesSecurities Lending6.2. Global Asset Servicing Market  Segmentation By End User  Historic and Forecast  2017-2022  2022-2027F  2032F  $ BillionCapital MarketsWealth Management Firms6.3. Global Asset Servicing Market  Segmentation By Enterprise Size  Historic and Forecast  2017-2022  2022-2027F  2032F  $ BillionLarge EnterprisesMedium and Small Enterprises7. Asset Servicing Market Regional And Country Analysis7.1. Global Asset Servicing Market  Split By Region  Historic and Forecast  2017-2022  2022-2027F  2032F  $ Billion7.2. Global Asset Servicing Market  Split By Country  Historic and Forecast  2017-2022  2022-2027F  2032F  $ BillionFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/mxak3nAbout ResearchAndMarkets.comResearchAndMarkets.com is the world's leading source for international market research reports and market data. We provide you with the latest data on international and regional markets  key industries  the top companies  new products and the latest trends.AttachmentCONTACT: CONTACT: ResearchAndMarkets.com Laura Wood Senior Press Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./ CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.31,0.45,True,English,"['277 Billion Asset Servicing Markets', 'Fund Services', 'Outsourcing Services', 'Securities Lending', 'Analysis', 'Forecasts', 'Focus', 'Custody', 'Accounting', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services article', 'Asset Servicing Global Market Report', 'Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc', 'National Australia Bank Limited', 'Asset Servicing Market Characteristics', 'Asset Servicing Market Trends', 'New York Mellon Corporation', 'Global Asset Servicing Market', 'compound annual growth rate', 'asset servicing market report', 'rising global regulation', 'State Street Corporation', 'Northern Trust Corporation', 'asset servicing roundtable', 'asset servicing industry', 'central securities depository', 'increasing working population', 'rising buying power', 'Macro Economic Scenario', 'asset management market', 'Report Attribute Details', 'Deutsche Borse Group', 'asset service market', 'stringent regulatory framework', 'asset servicing study', 'other growing economies', 'second largest region', '4.2 Ukraine-Russia War Impact', 'Robotic process automation', 'wealth management firms', 'new opportunities', 'asset services', 'other securities', 'asset servicers', 'financial instruments', 'securities lending', 'market value', 'The Bank', 'BNY Mellon', 'Pictet Group', 'regulatory agencies', 'service provider', 'other investors', 'main services', 'fund services', 'Company Logo', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'JP Morgan', 'corporate events', 'commission basis', 'North America', 'Western Europe', 'Eastern Europe', 'South America', 'Middle East', 'lending shares', 'derivative contracts', 'security loan', 'large enterprises', 'small enterprises', 'capital markets', 'major driver', 'strong driver', 'coming years', 'APAC markets', 'large avenue', 'forecast period', 'Funds Europe', 'major trend', 'South Korea', 'Key Attributes', 'SimCrop A/S', 'Key Topics', 'Executive Summary', '4.1 COVID-19 Impact', 'service offering', 'administration services', 'impressive growth', 'other assets', 'Major players', 'related goods', 'greater risk', 'cost savings', 'Dublin', 'ResearchAndMarkets.', 'CAGR', 'CACEIS', 'HSBC', 'Citi', 'UBS', 'Clearstream', 'revenues', 'entities', 'CSD', 'custodian', 'connection', 'custody', 'safekeeping', 'processing', 'handling', 'taxes', 'fee', 'consumers', 'regions', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'accounting', 'stock', 'commodities', 'borrower', 'collateral', 'form', 'cash', 'letter', 'credit', 'medium-sized', 'Globalization', 'AUA', 'AUC', 'Story', 'January', 'India', 'populace', 'GDP', 'country', 'expansion', 'requirement', 'clients', 'regulators', 'addition', 'companies', 'regulations', 'scrutiny', 'RPA', 'headcount', 'countries', 'Brazil', 'China', 'France', 'Germany', 'Indonesia', 'Japan', 'USA', 'Pages', 'USD', 'selection', 'Strategies', '10.', '9.', '60']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
20381,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/13/2625745/28124/en/Global-1277-Billion-Asset-Servicing-Markets-Analysis-Forecasts-2017-2022-2022-2027F-2032F-Focus-on-Fund-Services-Custody-and-Accounting-Outsourcing-Services-Securities-Lending.html,Global $1277 Billion Asset Servicing Markets  Analysis & Forecasts  2017-2022  2022-2027F  2032F: Focus on Fund Services  Custody and Accounting  Outsourcing Services  & Securities Lending,"Dublin  March 13  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The ""Asset Servicing Global Market Report 2023"" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.The global asset servicing market will grow from $1159.45 billion in 2022 to $1277.82 billion in 2023 at a co…","Dublin  March 13  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The ""Asset Servicing Global Market Report 2023"" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.The global asset servicing market will grow from $1159.45 billion in 2022 to $1277.82 billion in 2023 at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 10.2%. The asset servicing market is expected to grow to $1830.69 billion in 2027 at a CAGR of 9.4%.Major players in the asset servicing market are National Australia Bank Limited  CACEIS  BNY Mellon  HSBC  JP Morgan  Citi  The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (BNY Mellon)  State Street Corporation  UBS  and Clearstream (Deutsche Borse Group).The asset servicing market consists of revenues earned by entities by providing administration services through a central securities depository (CSD) or custodian in connection with the custody and/or safekeeping of financial instruments (e.g.  the processing of corporate events or the handling of taxes) on a fee or commission basis. The market value includes the value of related goods sold by the service provider or included within the service offering. Only goods and services traded between entities or sold to end consumers are included.North America was the largest region in the asset servicing market in 2022. Western Europe was the second largest region in the asset management market. The regions covered in the asset servicing market report are Asia-Pacific  Western Europe  Eastern Europe  North America  South America  Middle East  and Africa.The main services offered in asset servicing are fund services  custody and accounting  outsourcing services  and securities lending. Securities lending is the process of lending shares of stock  commodities  derivative contracts  or other securities to other investors or firms. The borrower must put up collateral in the form of cash  other assets  or a letter of credit when applying for a security loan. The services are offered to large enterprises  medium-sized and small enterprises  capital markets  and wealth management firms.Globalization acts as a major driver for the growth of the asset servicing industry. According to a study on global asset servicing  nearly 60% of asset services in Assets Under Administration (AUA) and Assets Under Contract (AUC) predict that globalization is likely to be a strong driver for the asset servicing market's growth over the coming years. The players dealing in the asset servicing industry are majorly focusing on the APAC markets and other growing economies.Moreover  according to the BNP Paribas Securities Services article published in January 2020  India was expected to experience impressive growth in the asset management and servicing industry owing to the increasing working population  the rising buying power of the populace  and expected growth in the GDP of the country. Thus  globalization creates a large avenue for the expansion and growth of the asset servicing market over the coming years.The stringent regulatory framework is predicted to limit the growth of the asset servicing industry over the forecast period. According to Funds Europe's asset servicing roundtable  rising global regulation is adding cost and risk to asset servicing  creating a requirement for asset servicers to constantly engage with clients and regulators.In addition to this  according to EY's new opportunities for asset servicing study  nearly 75% of the companies see the impact of regulations as the greater risk facing the asset servicing industry. Therefore  the increased scrutiny from regulatory agencies is anticipated to hinder the asset service market's growth in the coming years.Robotic process automation (RPA) or automation is a major trend shaping the growth of the asset servicing market. Robotic process automation alone could reduce the headcount by 60-70% in the asset servicing industry while also achieving cost savings of approximately 30-40%.The countries covered in the asset servicing market are Australia  Brazil  China  France  Germany  India  Indonesia  Japan  Russia  South Korea  UK  and USA.Key Attributes:Report Attribute Details No. of Pages 175 Forecast Period 2023 - 2027 Estimated Market Value (USD) in 2023 $1277.82 billion Forecasted Market Value (USD) by 2027 $1830.69 billion Compound Annual Growth Rate 9.4% Regions Covered GlobalA selection of companies mentioned in this report includesNational Australia Bank LimitedCACEISBNY MellonHSBCJP MorganCitiThe Bank of New York Mellon Corporation (BNY Mellon)State Street CorporationUBSClearstream (Deutsche Borse Group)Northern Trust CorporationBNP Paribas Securities ServicesSimCrop A/SBroadridge Financial Solutions Inc.Pictet GroupKey Topics Covered:1. Executive Summary2. Asset Servicing Market Characteristics3. Asset Servicing Market Trends And Strategies4. Asset Servicing Market - Macro Economic Scenario4.1 COVID-19 Impact On Asset Servicing Market4.2 Ukraine-Russia War Impact On Asset Servicing Market4.3 Impact Of High Inflation On Asset Servicing Market5. Asset Servicing Market Size And Growth5.1. Global Asset Servicing Historic Market  2017-2022  $ Billion5.1.1. Drivers Of The Market5.1.2. Restraints On The Market5.2. Global Asset Servicing Forecast Market  2022-2027F  2032F  $ Billion5.2.1. Drivers Of The Market5.2.2. Restraints On the Market6. Asset Servicing Market Segmentation6.1. Global Asset Servicing Market  Segmentation By Service  Historic and Forecast  2017-2022  2022-2027F  2032F  $ BillionFund ServicesCustody and AccountingOutsourcing ServicesSecurities Lending6.2. Global Asset Servicing Market  Segmentation By End User  Historic and Forecast  2017-2022  2022-2027F  2032F  $ BillionCapital MarketsWealth Management Firms6.3. Global Asset Servicing Market  Segmentation By Enterprise Size  Historic and Forecast  2017-2022  2022-2027F  2032F  $ BillionLarge EnterprisesMedium and Small Enterprises7. Asset Servicing Market Regional And Country Analysis7.1. Global Asset Servicing Market  Split By Region  Historic and Forecast  2017-2022  2022-2027F  2032F  $ Billion7.2. Global Asset Servicing Market  Split By Country  Historic and Forecast  2017-2022  2022-2027F  2032F  $ BillionFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/mxak3nAbout ResearchAndMarkets.comResearchAndMarkets.com is the world's leading source for international market research reports and market data. We provide you with the latest data on international and regional markets  key industries  the top companies  new products and the latest trends.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.3,0.53,True,English,"['277 Billion Asset Servicing Markets', 'Fund Services', 'Outsourcing Services', 'Securities Lending', 'Analysis', 'Forecasts', 'Focus', 'Custody', 'Accounting', 'BNP Paribas Securities Services article', 'Asset Servicing Global Market Report 2023', 'Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc', 'National Australia Bank Limited', 'New York Mellon Corporation', 'Asset Servicing Market Characteristics', 'Asset Servicing Market Trends', 'compound annual growth rate', 'global asset servicing market', 'asset servicing market report', 'State Street Corporation', 'Northern Trust Corporation', 'rising global regulation', 'asset servicing roundtable', 'central securities depository', 'increasing working population', 'rising buying power', 'Macro Economic Scenario', 'asset servicing industry', 'asset management market', 'Report Attribute Details', 'Deutsche Borse Group', 'stringent regulatory framework', 'asset service market', 'other growing economies', 'asset servicing study', 'second largest region', 'Ukraine-Russia War Impact', 'Robotic process automation', 'wealth management firms', 'new opportunities', 'other securities', 'asset services', 'financial instruments', 'securities lending', 'asset servicers', 'market value', 'The Bank', 'BNY Mellon', 'Pictet Group', 'regulatory agencies', 'service provider', 'other investors', 'main services', 'fund services', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'ResearchAndMarkets.com', 'JP Morgan', 'corporate events', 'commission basis', 'North America', 'Western Europe', 'Eastern Europe', 'South America', 'Middle East', 'lending shares', 'derivative contracts', 'security loan', 'large enterprises', 'small enterprises', 'capital markets', 'major driver', 'strong driver', 'coming years', 'APAC markets', 'large avenue', 'forecast period', 'Funds Europe', 'major trend', 'South Korea', 'Key Attributes', 'SimCrop A/S', 'Key Topics', 'Executive Summary', 'High Inflation', 'service offering', '4.1 COVID-19 Impact', 'administration services', 'impressive growth', 'other assets', 'Major players', 'related goods', 'greater risk', 'cost savings', '4.3 Impact', 'Dublin', 'CAGR', 'CACEIS', 'HSBC', 'Citi', 'UBS', 'Clearstream', 'revenues', 'entities', 'CSD', 'custodian', 'connection', 'custody', 'safekeeping', 'processing', 'handling', 'taxes', 'fee', 'consumers', 'regions', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'accounting', 'stock', 'commodities', 'borrower', 'collateral', 'form', 'cash', 'letter', 'credit', 'medium-sized', 'Globalization', 'AUA', 'AUC', 'January', 'India', 'populace', 'GDP', 'country', 'expansion', 'requirement', 'clients', 'regulators', 'addition', 'companies', 'regulations', 'scrutiny', 'RPA', 'headcount', 'countries', 'Brazil', 'China', 'France', 'Germany', 'Indonesia', 'Japan', 'USA', 'Pages', 'USD', 'selection', 'Strategies', '10.', '9.', '60']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,globenewswire.com
20382,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Check out these great sales at @BestBuy!The ClearStream 1MAX is $10 off until 3/26: https://t.co/AOAnMoCYY8The… https://t.co/d2qVOL54Tv,nan,Check out these great sales at @BestBuy!The ClearStream 1MAX is $10 off until 3/26: https://t.co/AOAnMoCYY8The… https://t.co/d2qVOL54Tv,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['The ClearStream 1MAX', 'great sales', 'AOAnMoCYY8', 'The ClearStream 1MAX', 'great sales', 'AOAnMoCYY8']",2023-03-14,2023-03-14,Unknown
20383,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Four Artists Have Been Shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize. See How Their Works Unpack Themes of I… https://t.co/cfqF153fQx,nan,Four Artists Have Been Shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize. See How Their Works Unpack Themes of I… https://t.co/cfqF153fQx,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Prize', 'Four Artists', 'Works', 'Themes', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Prize', 'Four Artists', 'Works', 'Themes']",2023-03-14,2023-03-14,Unknown
20384,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Four Artists Have Been Selected for the Deutsche Börse Photography Award. See How They Work Unpacking the Themes of… https://t.co/IxWbb79qOv,nan,Four Artists Have Been Selected for the Deutsche Börse Photography Award. See How They Work Unpacking the Themes of… https://t.co/IxWbb79qOv,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Award', 'Four Artists', 'Themes', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Award', 'Four Artists', 'Themes']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,Unknown
20385,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Four Artists Have Been Shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize. See How Their Works Unpack Themes of I… https://t.co/bzlo7IRYco,nan,Four Artists Have Been Shortlisted for the Deutsche Börse Photography Prize. See How Their Works Unpack Themes of I… https://t.co/bzlo7IRYco,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Prize', 'Four Artists', 'Works', 'Themes', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Prize', 'Four Artists', 'Works', 'Themes']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,Unknown
20386,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dbv-technologies-053000946.html,DBV Technologies Update,Montrouge  France  March 13  2023 DBV Technologies Update DBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage...,DBV Technologies S.A.Montrouge  France  March 13  2023DBV Technologies UpdateDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  informs its investors that it does not hold cash deposits or securities at Silicon Valley Bank.About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food-allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding the therapeutic potential of Viaskin™ Peanut as a treatment for peanut-allergic children and the potential benefits of EPIT™  DBV Technologies’ clinical development and regulatory plans  timing and projections of VITESSE study milestones  and timing and anticipated results of interactions with regulatory agencies. All statements about VITESSE study milestones  enrollment and anticipated results contained herein are DBV’s best estimates and projections are based on performance of previous studies and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance and achievements with respect to the VITESSE study to differ materially from the estimates and projections contained herein. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties and may be impacted by market conditions as well as other risks and uncertainties set forth in DBV Technologies’ regulatory filings with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV Technologies’ filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Story continuesInvestor ContactAnne PollakDBV Technologies+1 857-529-2363anne.pollak@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologies+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.2,0.78,True,English,"['DBV Technologies Update', 'DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs', 'investigational proprietary technology platform', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'DBV Technologies S.A.', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'DBV Technologies’ clinical development', 'DBV Technologies’ regulatory filings', 'ongoing clinical trials', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'non-invasive product candidates', 'North American operations', 'U.S. Securities', 'one ordinary share', 'broad potential applications', 'VITESSE study milestones', 'DBV Technologies Update', 'DBV Technologies’ method', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Nasdaq Market', 'global headquarters', 'regulatory plans', 'regulatory agencies', 'market conditions', 'ordinary shares', 'therapeutic potential', 'potential benefits', 'future filings', 'cash deposits', 'active compounds', 'immune system', 'intact skin', 'new class', 'food-allergic patients', 'Basking Ridge', 'segment B', 'press release', 'peanut-allergic children', 'previous studies', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'substantial risks', 'other risks', 'Exchange Commission', 'undue reliance', 'applicable law', 'Investor Contact', 'Media Contact', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'looking statements', 'prospective investors', 'Anne Pollak', 'Viaskin Peanut', 'Viaskin™ Peanut', 'actual results', 'best estimates', 'Angela Marcucci', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'DBVT', 'EPIT™', 'care', 'NJ.', 'Ticker', 'ADSs', 'one-half', 'forward', 'treatment', 'timing', 'projections', 'anticipated', 'interactions', 'enrollment', 'performance', 'uncertainties', 'achievements', 'respect', 'promises', 'guarantees', 'AMF', 'reports', 'obligation', 'information', 'Story', 'trademarks', 'Attachment']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
20387,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/abivax-does-not-hold-cash-111500766.html,Abivax Does Not Hold Any Cash or Otherwise Have Any Deposits at SVB or at Any Other U.S. Financial Institution,"Abivax SA (the ""Company""  Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 - ABVX)  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that...","PARIS  FRANCE / ACCESSWIRE / March 13  2023 / Abivax SA (the ""Company""  Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 - ABVX)  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  is aware that Silicon Valley Bank (""SVB"") was closed on March 10  2023  by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation  which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (""FDIC"") as receiver.The Company does not hold any cash or otherwise have any deposits at SVB or at any other U.S. financial institution  and it does not have any banking relationship with SVB. The Company has no exposure to any liquidity concern at SVB or any other U.S. financial institution.*****About Abivax (www.abivax.com)Abivax is a Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company  focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Abivax  founded by Truffle Capital  is listed on Euronext compartment B (ISIN: FR0012333284 - Mnémo: ABVX). Based in Paris and Montpellier  Abivax's lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. More information on the company is available at www.abivax.com . Follow us on Twitter @ABIVAX_.ContactsAbivaxCommunicationsRegina Jehleregina.jehle@abivax.com+33 6 24 50 69 63 InvestorsLifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reidlvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com+44 7413 825310 Press Relations & Investors EuropeMC Services AGAnne Henneckeanne.hennecke@mc-services.eu+49 211 529 252 22 Public Relations FranceActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 6 21 10 49 24 Public Relations FrancePrimaticeThomas Roborel de Climensthomasdeclimens@primatice.com+33 6 78 12 97 95 Public Relations USARooney Partners LLCJeanene Timberlakejtimberlake@rooneypartners.com+1 646 770 8858ABIVAX  Monday  March 13  2023  Press release pictureSOURCE: ABIVAXView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/743386/Abivax-Does-Not-Hold-Any-Cash-or-Otherwise-Have-Any-Deposits-at-SVB-or-at-Any-Other-US-Financial-Institution",neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Other U.S. Financial Institution', 'Abivax', 'Cash', 'Deposits', 'SVB', 'other U.S. financial institution', 'Investors Europe MC Services AG', 'Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company', 'Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Public Relations France Primatice', 'Phase 3 clinical trials', 'Public Relations USA', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'lead drug candidate', 'Thomas Roborel de', 'Rooney Partners LLC', 'Euronext compartment B', 'Press release picture', 'Financial Protection', 'Press Relations', 'immune system', 'California Department', 'banking relationship', 'liquidity concern', 'Truffle Capital', 'Mnémo', 'ulcerative colitis', 'More information', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Ligia Vela-Reid', 'Ghislaine Gasparetto', 'Jeanene Timberlake', 'Euronext Paris', 'Regina Jehle', 'Anne Hennecke', 'source version', 'Abivax SA', 'Abivax Communications', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'March', 'ABVX', 'therapeutics', 'patients', 'SVB', 'Innovation', 'FDIC', 'receiver', 'cash', 'deposits', 'exposure', 'Montpellier', 'obefazimod', 'treatment', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'lifesciadvisors', 'Actifin', 'ggasparetto', 'Climens', 'rooneypartners', 'Monday', 'US-Financial-Institution']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
20388,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mdxhealth-confirms-no-exposure-silicon-060000435.html,MDxHealth Confirms No Exposure to Silicon Valley Bank or Silvergate Bank,NEWS RELEASE 13 MARCH 2023  2:00 AM ET / 08:00 CET IRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – March 13  2023 – MDxHealth SA (NASDAQ/Euronext: MDXH)  a commercial...,mdxhealthNEWS RELEASE13 MARCH 2023  2:00 AM ET / 08:00 CETIRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – March 13  2023 – MDxHealth SA (NASDAQ/Euronext: MDXH)  a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company  today confirms that neither MDxHealth SA  nor any of its subsidiaries  have any exposure to Silicon Valley Bank (“SVB”) or Silvergate Bank.About mdxhealthMdxhealth is a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company that provides actionable molecular information to personalize patient diagnosis and treatment. The Company’s tests are based on proprietary genomic  epigenetic (methylation) and other molecular technologies and assist physicians with the diagnosis and prognosis of urologic cancers and other urologic diseases. The Company’s U.S. headquarters and laboratory operations are in Irvine  California  with additional laboratory operations in Plano  Texas. European headquarters are in Herstal  Belgium  with laboratory operations in Nijmegen  The Netherlands. For more information  visit mdxhealth.com and follow us on social media at: twitter.com/mdxhealth  facebook.com/mdxhealth and linkedin.com/company/mdxhealth.For more information:mdxhealthinfo@mdxhealth.comLifeSci Advisors (IR & PR)US: +1 949 271 9223ir@mdxhealth.comThis press release contains forward-looking statements and estimates with respect to the anticipated future performance of MDxHealth and the market in which it operates  all of which involve certain risks and uncertainties. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “potential ” “expect ” “will ” “goal ” “next ” “potential ” “aim ” “explore ” “forward ” “future ” and “believes” as well as similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this release include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the acquisition of Oncotype DX® GPS prostate cancer business from Exact Sciences including statements regarding the anticipated benefits of the acquisition; statements regarding expected future operating results; statements regarding product development efforts; and statements regarding our strategies  positioning  resources  capabilities and expectations for future events or performance. Such statements and estimates are based on assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable but may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict  may depend upon factors that are beyond the company’s control  and may turn out to be materially different. Examples of forward-looking statements include  among others  statements we make regarding expected future operating results  product development efforts  our strategies  positioning  resources  capabilities and expectations for future events or performance. Important factors that could cause actual results  conditions and events to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: uncertainties associated with the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic  including its possible effects on our operations  and the demand for our products; our ability to successfully and profitably market our products; the acceptance of our products and services by healthcare providers; the willingness of health insurance companies and other payers to cover our products and services and adequately reimburse us for such products and services; our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals and comply with applicable regulations; the possibility that the anticipated benefits from our business acquisitions like our acquisition of the Oncotype DX® GPS prostate cancer business will not be realized in full or at all or may take longer to realize than expected; and the amount and nature of competition for our products and services. Other important risks and uncertainties are described in the Risk Factors sections of our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F and in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. MDxHealth expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this release to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based unless required by law or regulation. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of MDxHealth in any jurisdiction. No securities of MDxHealth may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. securities laws.Story continuesNOTE: The mdxhealth logo  mdxhealth  Confirm mdx  Select mdx  Resolve mdx  Genomic Prostate Score  GPS and Monitor mdx are trademarks or registered trademarks of MDxHealth SA. The GPS test was formerly known as and is frequently referenced in guidelines  coverage policies  reimbursement decisions  manuscripts and other literature as Oncotype DX Prostate  Oncotype DX GPS  Oncotype DX Genomic Prostate Score  and Oncotype Dx Prostate Cancer Assay  among others. The Oncotype DX trademark  and all other trademarks and service marks  are the property of their respective owners.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.19,0.56,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank', 'Silvergate Bank', 'MDxHealth', 'No', 'Exposure', 'Oncotype DX® GPS prostate cancer business', 'applicable U.S. securities laws', 'commercial-stage precision diagnostics company', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Genomic Prostate Score', 'U.S. headquarters', 'product development efforts', 'health insurance companies', 'recent Annual Report', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'other molecular technologies', 'other urologic diseases', 'Risk Factors sections', 'future operating results', 'actionable molecular information', 'additional laboratory operations', 'Other important risks', 'business acquisitions', 'GPS test', 'applicable regulations', 'actual results', 'The Company', 'Silvergate Bank', 'European headquarters', 'Important factors', 'other factors', 'other payers', 'other reports', 'other literature', 'The Netherlands', 'social media', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'similar expressions', 'Exact Sciences', 'unknown risks', 'COVID-19) pandemic', 'possible effects', 'healthcare providers', 'regulatory approvals', 'Form 20-F', 'Exchange Commission', 'United States', 'coverage policies', 'reimbursement decisions', 'future events', 'NEWS RELEASE', 'press release', 'Actual events', 'patient diagnosis', 'future performance', 'Resolve mdx', 'Monitor mdx', 'forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'MDxHealth SA', 'mdxhealth logo', '13 MARCH', '2:00 AM', '08:00 CET', 'IRVINE', 'HERSTAL', 'BELGIUM', 'NASDAQ/Euronext', 'subsidiaries', 'exposure', 'SVB', 'treatment', 'tests', 'methylation', 'physicians', 'prognosis', 'cancers', 'California', 'Plano', 'Texas', 'Nijmegen', 'estimates', 'respect', 'market', 'uncertainties', 'use', 'words', 'phrases', 'believes', 'benefits', 'strategies', 'resources', 'capabilities', 'expectations', 'assumptions', 'assessments', 'control', 'Examples', 'others', 'expected', 'positioning', 'conditions', 'following', 'coronavirus', 'demand', 'products', 'ability', 'acceptance', 'services', 'willingness', 'possibility', 'amount', 'nature', 'competition', 'obligation', 'regard', 'circumstances', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'assets', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Story', 'NOTE', 'trademarks', 'registered', 'guidelines', 'manuscripts']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
20389,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pharming-group-announces-expects-full-071500437.html,Pharming Group announces that it expects to have full access today to its cash on deposit at Silicon Valley Bank in light of US Government announcement,"Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (NASDAQ: PHAR) is aware that the US Department of the Treasury  the Board of...","LEIDEN  Netherlands  March 13  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (NASDAQ: PHAR) is aware that the US Department of the Treasury  the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (""FDIC"") issued a joint statement on March 12  2023 stating that actions have been approved enabling the FDIC to complete its resolution of Silicon Valley Bank (""SVB US"") in a manner that fully protects all depositors. The statement further noted that depositors will have access to all of their money starting today.Pharming_Group_NV_LogoAs a result of these actions  Pharming expects to have access to the US$26 million it has on deposit at SVB US  and to not bear any losses on these deposits.Pharming continues to actively monitor the situation  including with respect to its US$19 million in deposits at Silicon Valley Bank UK Limited.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments and statements regarding the various proceedings in the US and UK  including how  if at all  Pharming may be able to recover cash deposited with SVB US and Silicon Valley Bank UK Limited. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Story continuesInside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlLogo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/pharming-group-announces-that-it-expects-to-have-full-access-today-to-its-cash-on-deposit-at-silicon-valley-bank-in-light-of-us-government-announcement-301769844.html",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.16,0.7,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank', 'US Government announcement', 'Pharming Group', 'full access', 'cash', 'deposit', 'light', 'Silicon Valley Bank UK Limited', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Federal Reserve System', 'working capital requirements', 'U.S. Securities', 'Corporate Communications T', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'Leon Melens T', 'protein replacement therapies', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'clinical, scientific, regulatory', 'VP Investor Relations', 'gene therapies', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'actual results', 'preclinical studies', 'clinical trials', 'product candidates', 'cash resources', 'technical developments', 'various proceedings', '2021 Annual Report', 'Exchange Commission', 'undue reliance', 'Michael Levitan', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'Amy Byrne', 'original content', 'US Department', 'SVB US', 'press release', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'cautionary statements', 'joint statement', 'similar terms', 'The Netherlands', 'unknown risks', 'other risks', 'public information', 'LEIDEN', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'Treasury', 'Board', 'Governors', 'FDIC', 'March', 'actions', 'resolution', 'manner', 'depositors', 'access', 'money', 'Pharming_Group_NV_Logo', 'losses', 'deposits', 'situation', 'respect', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'phrases', 'ambition', 'milestones', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'plan', 'project', 'target', 'Examples', 'timing', 'progress', 'commercial', 'prospects', 'number', 'scope', 'expansion', 'ramifications', 'cost', 'light', 'year', 'circumstances', 'entirety', 'section', 'Readers', 'obligation', 'Story', 'disclosure', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'London', 'news-releases', 'pharming-group']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
20390,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.aljazeera.com/economy/2023/3/13/ukraine-critical-of-russian-call-to-extend-grain-deal-for-60-days,Kyiv criticises Russian proposal to extend grain deal for 60 days,Ukrainian minister says 60-day extension contradicts the documents signed by guarantors Turkey and the UN.,Ukrainian minister says 60-day extension contradicts the documents signed by guarantors Turkey and the United Nations.Ukraine has said that Russia’s proposal to extend the wartime grain export deal for 60 days goes against the agreement between the two countries.A Russian delegation announced on Monday that Moscow was ready to extend the Ukraine grain export deal following talks with the United Nations – but only for a further 60 days.The United Nations said in a statement that it “notes” the Russian announcement about the extension and reaffirmed its support for the deal struck in July as “part of the global response to the most severe cost-of-living crisis in a generation”.Ukrainian Infrastructure Minister Oleksandr Kubrakov said that a 60-day extension contradicts the documents signed by guarantors Turkey and the UN  but did not reject the proposal.“[The grain] agreement involves at least 120 days of extension  therefore Russia’s position to extend the deal only for 60 days contradicts the document signed by Turkey and the UN ” Kubrakov said on Twitter.“We’re waiting for the official position of the UN and Turkey as the guarantors of the initiative ” he added.The UN and Turkey brokered a deal between the two warring countries in July that allows Ukraine – one of the world’s key breadbaskets – to ship food and fertiliser from three of its Black Sea ports.The 120-day agreement  which helped take some of the sting out of rising global food prices  was renewed last November. That extension expires on Saturday  and another 120-day extension was on the table.Moscow has been frustrated that a parallel deal to allow exports of Russian food and fertiliser  which is used across the globe  has only resulted in a trickle of Russian fertiliser getting out and no Russian grain at all.Rebeca Grynspan  secretary-general of the UN Conference on Trade and Development  and Martin Griffiths  the head of the UN humanitarian agency  hosted a team led by Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Vershinin at UN offices in Geneva  Switzerland.“The comprehensive and frank conversation has once again confirmed that while the commercial export of Ukrainian products is carried out at a steady pace  bringing considerable profits to Kiev  restrictions on the Russian agricultural exporters are still in place ” the Russian delegation said in a statement.“The sanctions exemptions for food and fertilisers announced by Washington  Brussels and London are essentially inactive ” it claimed.As part of the arrangement  Moscow wants Russian ammonia to be fed through a pipeline across Ukraine to reach Black Sea ports for possible export. Russian officials also say banking restrictions and high insurance costs have hurt their hopes of exporting fertiliser.UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric told reporters in New York following the talks: “We’re doing everything to preserve the integrity and ensure the continuity of the agreement.”US State Department spokesperson Ned Price said that it was a “critical moment” in negotiations on the deal  which Washington hopes will be extended before it expires on March 18.Price said the world needs the initiative  which he said allowed grain shipments to developing countries and helped bring down food prices.European traders said uncertainty about the talks  especially the statement that Russia only sought an extension for 60 days  was a factor behind sharp rises in prices on the Paris Euronext wheat market.Why is the deal important?Ukraine and Russia are key global suppliers of wheat  barley  sunflower oil and other food to countries in Africa  the Middle East and parts of Asia where millions of people don’t have enough to eat. Russia was also the world’s top exporter of fertiliser before the war.The loss of those supplies  after Russia launched its full-scale invasion in February 2022  drove global food prices higher and fuelled concerns of a hunger crisis in poorer countries.The so-called Black Sea Grain Initiative involves seaborne checks of cargo by UN  Russian  Ukrainian and Turkish officials to ensure that only foodstuffs – not weapons – are being transported.The amount of grain leaving Ukraine has dropped even as the deal works to keep food flowing. Inspections of ships under the grain initiative have fallen sharply since they got rolling in earnest in September  and vessels have been backed up.,neutral,0.01,0.69,0.3,mixed,0.07,0.11,0.82,True,English,"['Russian proposal', 'grain deal', 'Kyiv', '60 days', 'Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Vershinin', 'Ukrainian Infrastructure Minister Oleksandr Kubrakov', 'US State Department spokesperson', 'Paris Euronext wheat market', 'rising global food prices', 'wartime grain export deal', 'Black Sea Grain Initiative', 'Black Sea ports', 'high insurance costs', 'Ukraine grain export deal', 'key global suppliers', 'Russian agricultural exporters', 'UN humanitarian agency', 'two warring countries', 'The United Nations', 'Ukrainian minister', 'global response', 'commercial export', 'possible export', 'grain shipments', 'Russian grain', 'two countries', 'key breadbaskets', 'Ukrainian products', 'grain] agreement', 'severe cost', 'living crisis', 'Rebeca Grynspan', 'Martin Griffiths', 'frank conversation', 'steady pace', 'considerable profits', 'sanctions exemptions', 'Stephane Dujarric', 'New York', 'critical moment', 'developing countries', 'European traders', 'sharp rises', 'sunflower oil', 'other food', 'Middle East', 'top exporter', 'full-scale invasion', 'hunger crisis', 'poorer countries', 'seaborne checks', 'Turkish officials', 'Russian delegation', 'Russian announcement', 'Russian food', 'Russian ammonia', 'Russian officials', 'parallel deal', 'UN Conference', 'UN offices', 'UN spokesman', 'official position', '120-day agreement', 'banking restrictions', 'Ned Price', '60-day extension', '120-day extension', 'Russian fertiliser', 'documents', 'guarantors', 'Turkey', 'proposal', '60 days', 'Monday', 'Moscow', 'talks', 'statement', 'support', 'July', 'generation', '120 days', 'Twitter', 'world', 'sting', 'Saturday', 'table', 'exports', 'globe', 'trickle', 'secretary-general', 'Development', 'head', 'team', 'Geneva', 'Switzerland', 'comprehensive', 'Kiev', 'place', 'fertilisers', 'Washington', 'Brussels', 'London', 'arrangement', 'pipeline', 'hopes', 'reporters', 'everything', 'integrity', 'continuity', 'negotiations', 'March', 'uncertainty', 'factor', 'barley', 'Africa', 'parts', 'Asia', 'millions', 'people', 'loss', 'supplies', 'February', 'concerns', 'cargo', 'foodstuffs', 'weapons', 'amount', 'Inspections', 'ships', 'earnest', 'September', 'vessels']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,aljazeera.com
20391,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exor-n-v-periodic-report-071000508.html,Exor N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29...,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam:Trading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 9 March 2023 29 181 79.6609 2 324 584.72 10 March 2023 33 445 78.2114 2 615 780.27 TOTAL 62 626 4 940 364.99After these purchases  the total invested amount under the second tranche is approximately €232.7 million for a total amount of 3 361 469 ordinary shares purchased.As of 10 March 2023  the Company held in total 14 149 567 ordinary shares in treasury (5.87% of total ordinary issued share capital).A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Exor N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'total ordinary issued share capital', 'share buyback program', 'Trading Date Number', 'Share Buyback section', 'EXOR N.V.', 'ordinary shares', 'Total consideration', 'second tranche', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'total amount', 'following transactions', 'Company', '29 July', 'fees', '9 March', '10 March', 'purchases', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
20392,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sidetrade-no-exposure-silicon-valley-071200428.html,Sidetrade has no exposure to Silicon Valley Bank or Silvergate Bank,Sidetrade  the global AI-powered Order-to-Cash SaaS platform  today confirms that neither Sidetrade nor any of its subsidiaries  have any exposure to Silicon...,SidetradeSidetrade   the global AI-powered Order-to-Cash SaaS platform  today confirms that neither Sidetrade nor any of its subsidiaries  have any exposure to Silicon Valley Bank (“SVB”) or Silvergate Bank.Sidetrade has no exposure to Silicon Valley Bank or any of its subsidiaries.Next financial announcement2022 Annual Results: April 4  2023  after the stock market closes.Investor & Media relationsChristelle Dhrif +33 6 10 46 72 00 cdhrif@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade ( www.sidetrade.com )Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides a SaaS platform dedicated to securing and accelerating cash flow. Sidetrade’s next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  analyzes $4 600 million worth of B2B payment transactions daily in the Sidetrade Cloud to predict customer payment behavior and attrition risk of more than 21 million companies worldwide. Aimie recommends the best cash collection strategies  intelligently automates actions on the Order-to-Cash process  and dematerializes customer transactions to enhance productivity  performance and working capital management.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 250 talented employees based in Paris  London  Birmingham  Dublin  and Calgary  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Tech Data  KPMG  Nespresso  Hearst  Expedia  Manpower  Securitas  Randstad  Engie  Veolia  Biffa  Saint-Gobain  Air Liquide  Inmarsat  Insight Enterprises and Bidfood.Sidetrade is now a participant of the United Nations Global Compact and adheres to its principles-based approach to responsible business.For further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow us on Twitter @Sidetrade.In the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the French version is to be taken into account.Story continuesAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.04,positive,0.4,0.33,0.27,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank', 'Silvergate Bank', 'Sidetrade', 'exposure', 'best cash collection strategies', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'Next financial announcement', 'working capital management', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'B2B payment transactions', 'customer payment behavior', 'global AI-powered Order', 'Cash SaaS platform', 'customer transactions', 'cash flow', 'Cash process', 'global reach', 'global businesses', 'Silvergate Bank', '2022 Annual Results', 'stock market', 'Media relations', 'Christelle Dhrif', 'Euronext Growth', 'next-generation AI', '$4,600 million worth', 'attrition risk', '21 million companies', '250 talented employees', 'Tech Data', 'Air Liquide', 'Insight Enterprises', 'principles-based approach', 'responsible business', 'English versions', 'press release', 'French version', 'Sidetrade Cloud', 'subsidiaries', 'exposure', 'SVB', 'April', 'Investor', 'ALBFR', 'Aimie', 'productivity', 'performance', 'Paris', 'London', 'Birmingham', 'Dublin', 'Calgary', '85 countries', 'KPMG', 'Nespresso', 'Hearst', 'Expedia', 'Manpower', 'Securitas', 'Randstad', 'Engie', 'Veolia', 'Biffa', 'Saint-Gobain', 'Inmarsat', 'Bidfood', 'participant', 'information', 'Twitter', 'event', 'discrepancy', 'account', 'Story', 'Attachment']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
20393,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fl-entertainment-weekly-share-transactions-170000921.html,FL Entertainment: weekly share transactions,Press Release Paris – March 13th  2023 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on...,FL EntertainmentPress ReleaseParis – March 13th  2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from March 06th to March 10th  2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on June 30  2022.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-03-06 BUY 492 8.593740 4 228.12 XAMS 2023-03-06 SELL 21 8.660000 181.86 XAMS 2023-03-07 BUY 200 8.510000 1 702.00 XAMS 2023-03-07 SELL 110 8.568182 942.50 XAMS 2023-03-08 BUY 29 8.563448 248.34 XAMS 2023-03-08 SELL 85 8.605294 731.45 XAMS 2023-03-09 BUY 99 8.579192 849.34 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://fl-entertainment.com/) under the section «Investor Relations».AgendaFY 2022 results: 16 March 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress RelationsAnne-France Malrieu - afmalrieu@image7.frAbout FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gambling  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2021  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and adjusted EBITDA  of €3.5bn and €609m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['weekly share transactions', 'FL Entertainment', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Investor Relations', 'FY 2022 results', 'Press Relations', 'Anne-France Malrieu', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'adjusted EBITDA', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', 'March', 'shares', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', 'June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'section', 'Agenda', 'Phone', 'flentertainment', 'image', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
20394,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/societe-generale-availability-2023-universal-184100922.html,Societe Generale: availability of the 2023 Universal Registration Document  the annual financial report and the report on corporate governance,PRESS RELEASERegulated information Paris  13 March 2023 Availability of the 2023 Universal Registration Document  the annual financial report and the report ...,Société GénéralePRESS RELEASERegulated informationParis  13 March 2023Availability of the 2023 Universal Registration Document  the annual financial report and the report on corporate governanceSociete Generale hereby informs the public that the French version of the 2023 Universal Registration Document was filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on 13 March 2023.The 2023 Universal Registration Document includes:• the 2022 annual financial report and• the report on corporate governance prepared by the Board of Directors  as well as the related Statutory Auditors’ findings.The annual financial report cross-reference table appears on page 675 of the Universal Registration Document.The report on corporate governance prepared by the Board of Directors  as well as the related Statutory Auditors’ findings  appear respectively on pages 69 to 160 and on page 628 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document.The 2023 Universal Registration Document is made available to the public  free of charge  in accordance with the conditions provided for by the regulations in force and may be consulted in the “Regulated information” section of the Company’s website (https://investors.societegenerale.com/en/financial-and-non-financial-information/regulated-information) and on the AMF’s website.Press contact:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:Story continuesFrench Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'annual financial report', 'Societe Generale', 'corporate governance', 'availability', 'Société Générale', 'Crédit du Nord networks', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'leading European financial services groups', 'annual financial report cross-reference table', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'three complementary core businesses', 'Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'The 2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', '2022 annual financial report', 'related Statutory Auditors', 'key international locations', 'French Retail Banking', 'International Retail Banking', 'innovative financial solutions', 'tailored financial solutions', 'integrated banking model', 'official Press Releases', '25 million individual clients', 'two Societe Generale', 'Inclusion Index', 'financial strength', 'Global Banking', 'French version', 'integrated solutions', 'advisory services', 'Investor Solutions', 'specialised businesses', 'Press contact', 'corporate governance', 'proven expertise', 'sustainable growth', 'positive transformations', 'sustainable future', 'real economy', 'solid position', 'daily basis', 'institutional investors', 'wide range', 'SG bank', 'full range', 'omnichannel products', 'cutting edge', 'recognised expertise', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'blockchain technology', 'The Group', 'Regulated information', 'investors.societegenerale', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'digital innovation', 'newsroom page', 'web page', 'Eastern Europe', 'Paris', '13 March', 'Availability', 'public', 'AMF', 'Board', 'Directors', 'findings', 'pages', 'charge', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'force', 'section', 'Company', 'website', 'financial-information', 'diversified', 'strategy', 'world', 'societies', 'economies', 'teams', 'day', '150 years', 'rest', '117,000 members', 'staff', '66 countries', 'Story', 'merger', 'Boursorama', 'Insurance', 'Africa', 'Central', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'legitimacy', 'Twitter', 'Attachment']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
20395,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-delivery-shares-203000128.html,DSM - delivery of shares,Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital ...,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 13  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.DSM Logo.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 13 March 2023  delivered 240 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €98.00). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 146 977. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0001%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Story continuesOr find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301770612.html,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.19,0.42,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', '240 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Royal DSM', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'original content', 'press release', 'general release', 'DSM Logo', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '13 March', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'Story', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Cision', 'news-releases']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
20396,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/afc8138415f97409,Euronext promotes from within for equity  derivatives  structured products and buy-side sales head in Italy,Euronext has promoted Massimo Giorgini to the role of head of Italy  equity  derivatives  structured products and buy-side sales. Giorgini has been promoted to the role after serving at Euronext for the last two years  initially joining as head of equity and …,Euronext has promoted Massimo Giorgini to the role of head of Italy  equity  derivatives  structured products and buy-side sales.Giorgini has been promoted to the role after serving at Euronext for the last two years  initially joining as head of equity and derivatives markets business development.Before joining Euronext  Giorgini spent 13 years at the London Stock Exchange…This story appeared on thetradenews.com   2023-03-13.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['side sales head', 'Euronext', 'equity', 'derivatives', 'products', 'buy', 'Italy', 'derivatives markets business development', 'London Stock Exchange', 'last two years', 'buy-side sales', 'Massimo Giorgini', '13 years', 'Euronext', 'role', 'head', 'Italy', 'equity', 'products', 'story']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,biztoc.com
20397,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/13/2625403/0/en/Ferguson-Selects-Quadient-s-Smart-Lockers-for-Convenient-Secure-Order-Pickup.html,Ferguson Selects Quadient’s Smart Lockers for Convenient  Secure Order Pickup,Ferguson Selects Quadient’s Smart Lockers for Convenient  Secure Order Pickup  Paris  March 13  2023  Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in...,English FrenchFerguson Selects Quadient’s Smart Lockers for Convenient  Secure Order PickupParis  March 13  2023Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels and a major global parcel locker operator  announces Ferguson  a leading distributor providing expertise  solutions and products from infrastructure  plumbing and appliances to HVAC1  fire  fabrication and more  has deployed Parcel Pending by Quadient smart lockers  including the new line of oversized lockers  in direct response to customer demand for a streamlined in-store pickup experience during and outside of regular store hours. Ferguson operates over 1 500 locations in the United States  serving all 50 states  many with same-day and next-day product availability.Quadient introduced Oversize Lockers last year to meet growing demand for fulfillment and delivery of large goods. The innovative  tech-driven smart lockers feature oversized compartments. The solution was chosen by Ferguson to provide contractors with convenient  self-service transactions for large and bulky items at Ferguson’s high-volume locations nationwide. Parcel Pending by Quadient smart lockers can quickly and securely store everything from small plumbing tools to larger-scale products  such as 10-foot piping  water heaters and HVAC units.“Our entire culture centers around helping our customers handle their complex projects as seamlessly as possible ” said James Golini  vice president of residential trade at Ferguson. “By investing in innovations like Parcel Pending by Quadient’s smart lockers  we’re showing our customers in a tangible way that we value their time and understand their daily demands. We’ve earned a reputation with contractors for delivering unparalleled quality and service  so we’re excited to continue exceeding their expectations.”Outdoor lockers offer the added convenience of 24/7 pickup options  providing even greater control and flexibility for contractors to quickly retrieve products at their convenience. The lockers also drive operational efficiencies  freeing up time for Ferguson’s associates to help customers select the best products for their job.For Ferguson’s customers  the experience is seamless  from the initial order placement to the on-site product pickup. The smart locker system is fully integrated with Ferguson’s existing IT and communications systems for efficient staging of products. After a Ferguson associate stages the order  the customer receives a text notification with a one-time user barcode. The customer picks up the parcel at their convenience by scanning the code with their smartphone. Customers do not need to wait in a line  receive any store assistance or even enter their information on a touch screen. On Ferguson’s end  the locker technology syncs with the company’s inventory system  tracks when an item has been retrieved and closes out the transaction.Parcel Pending lockers are purpose-built  automated fulfillment solutions for nearly all products. Quadient has installed more than 18 000 smart locker systems worldwide. Thousands of distributors  retailers  carriers  higher education institutions as well as multifamily and commercial property management firms rely on Quadient smart lockers.“We’re thrilled to partner with Ferguson in furthering its mission to provide world-class customer experiences. Our smart locker solution is designed to substantially increase customer convenience  satisfaction and loyalty ” said Benoit Berson  chief solution officer  Parcel Locker Solutions at Quadient. “We look forward to a long-term partnership with Ferguson to ensure all the benefits of our technology are realized and tailored to maximize the impact for both their associates and customers.”About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  QuadientSandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1 203-301-3673 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.com1 Heating  ventilation  and air conditioningAttachments,positive,0.62,0.38,0.0,positive,0.88,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['Convenient, Secure Order Pickup', 'Smart Lockers', 'Ferguson', 'Quadient', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'major global parcel locker operator', 'commercial property management firms', 'three key solution areas', 'innovative, tech-driven smart lockers', 'Convenient, Secure Order Pickup', 'purpose-built, automated fulfillment solutions', 'convenient, self-service transactions', '24/7 pickup options', 'one-time user barcode', 'higher education institutions', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'air conditioning Attachments', 'smart locker solution', 'chief solution officer', 'regular store hours', 'initial order placement', 'smart locker system', 'next-day product availability', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'meaningful customer connections', 'world-class customer experiences', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'store pickup experience', 'small plumbing tools', 'customer experience excellence', 'Parcel Pending lockers', 'Quadient smart lockers', 'product pickup', 'store assistance', 'locker technology', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'inventory system', 'oversized lockers', 'Oversize Lockers', 'Outdoor lockers', 'customer demand', 'English French', 'physical channels', 'leading distributor', 'direct response', 'growing demand', 'oversized compartments', 'bulky items', '10-foot piping', 'water heaters', 'HVAC units', 'entire culture', 'complex projects', 'James Golini', 'vice president', 'residential trade', 'tangible way', 'daily demands', 'unparalleled quality', 'greater control', 'operational efficiencies', 'existing IT', 'communications systems', 'efficient staging', 'text notification', 'touch screen', 'Benoit Berson', 'long-term partnership', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'Joe Scolaro', 'Sandy Armstrong', 'customer convenience', 'Euronext Paris', 'new line', 'United States', 'large goods', 'high-volume locations', 'added convenience', 'larger-scale products', 'best products', 'Ferguson associate', '1,500 locations', '50 states', 'Quadient®', 'March', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'digital', 'expertise', 'infrastructure', 'appliances', 'fire', 'fabrication', 'same-day', 'delivery', 'contractors', 'everything', 'customers', 'innovations', 'reputation', 'expectations', 'flexibility', 'associates', 'job', 'site', 'smartphone', 'information', 'company', 'Thousands', 'distributors', 'retailers', 'carriers', 'multifamily', 'mission', 'satisfaction', 'loyalty', 'benefits', 'impact', 'people', 'hundreds', 'quest', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Heating', 'ventilation']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,globenewswire.com
20398,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/disruptive-capital-acquisition-company-limited-070000952.html,DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED (“DCAC” or the “Company”) Option for DCAC to acquire the entire issued share capital of Global InterConnection Group SA,DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED (“DCAC” or the “Company”) Option for DCAC to acquire the entire issued share capital of Global InterConnection...,"DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED(“DCAC” or the “Company”)Option for DCAC to acquire the entire issued share capital ofGlobal InterConnection Group SAin respect ofDCAC Shareholders (ISIN Code GG00BMB5XZ39) andDCAC Public Warrant Holders (ISIN Code GG00BMB5XY22)13 March 2023THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIES OR MAY HAVE QUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EU MARKET ABUSE REGULATION.NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. ANY FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THESE RESTRICTIONS MAY CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWSThe proposed Business CombinationDCAC announced proposals to form the Advanced Cables Business Combination in the press release issued by the Company on 20th February 2023. The DCAC Board has now decided to expedite the proposals  and DCAC has therefore agreed an exclusive option to acquire the holding company of Advanced Cables  Global InterConnection Group SA (“GIG” or the “Target”). Besides Advanced Cables  GIG is also the holding company of ASC Energy Limited. It is intended that DCAC will be renamed ""Global InterConnection Group Limited"" on completion of the Business Combination.If the Business Combination is agreed and approved  the DCAC Shareholders who are verified as being members of DCAC on a date to be set by the DCAC Board (the “Record Date”) and so being eligible for voting at an extraordinary general meeting of DCAC (the “EGM to be convened in connection with the Business Combination”) will receive a special distribution of £8.50 inflation-linked sustainable loan notes (“ILSLNs”)  at the rate of one ILSLN per DCAC Ordinary Share (the “Special Distribution”). The ‘green bond’ ILSLNs are to be listed on The International Stock Exchange in Guernsey; and further ILSLNs are then expected to be placed with institutional investors at par. The Special Distribution will also be made to DCAC Public Warrant Holders following exercise of their DCAC Public Warrants. DCAC intends to amend the terms and conditions of the Warrants to facilitate immediate exercise at completion of the Business Combination.Story continuesPossible Impact on DCAC ShareholdersIt should be highlighted that the DCAC Sponsor’s valuation analysis has not been audited  there is no guarantee that the fair value estimate is correct  that the estimates of DCAC/GIG shares in future issue  the treatment of ineligible Tenders under the Repurchase Offer has been fully reflected herein  nor  in particular  that the DCAC/GIG shares will trade on Euronext Amsterdam at these levels or any other level.Assuming completion of the Business Combination  analysis would imply after dilution from a reduced DCAC Sponsor Promote (as defined and set out below) and from the exercise of 66% of the DCAC Public Warrants  the pro forma combined calculations would give:Value on BCPrice on BC: £20.00 / shareSpecial Distribution: £8.50 a share in ILSLNsEnterprise value of: £445mValue/Share Equity post dilution £19.15/sharefully diluted ILSLN £ 3.55/shareCombined £22.70/shareGIG’s valuation analysis suggests that the proposed GIG acquisition would have a fair value in the region of £556 million  based on comparable multiples and discounted cashflows. Importantly only the basis on those illustrative assumptions  the pro forma calculations  together with anticipated cash and ILSLN issuance  would give:'Fair Value of GIG Enterprise value of £606mPro forma Equity £28.00/sharevalue/share ILSLN £ 3.50/sharefully diluted Combined £31.50/shareAnticipated dividends 4% p.a. of Issue Price  from H2 2024  £0.80/shareSteps towards creating Transaction CertaintyTransaction certainty has been enhanced  on both sides  by GIG granting DCAC a binding and exclusive option to acquire the entire issued share capital of GIG for a consideration of approximately £330 million1 (the “Option”). Under the terms of the Option  this consideration will be settled  subject to DCAC Shareholder approval of the proposed Business Combination  with approximately £300 million of DCAC Ordinary Shares  comprising those to be sold and transferred out of treasury and those newly issued at £20.00 per DCAC Ordinary Share; together with approximately £30 million of ILSLNs  issued at par  in both cases subject to the conditions below including the approval of the DCAC Shareholders at a forthcoming EGM.Following their experience with the failed putative Business Combination with Saxo Bank A/S  the DCAC Board has agreed to the Option in order to minimise the risk of the Company incurring considerable costs pursuing a Business Combination; and for its DCAC Shareholders and DCAC Warrant Holders to incur time and cost examining the proposals  only for the transaction not to proceed due to the Target and/or its shareholders deciding to withdraw. The GIG board was similarly concerned lest they enter into an agreement that would similarly cause them to incur costs and expense  considerable management time  and above all reputational risks and exposure  without having as much certainty as possible.Whilst it is the intention for DCAC to acquire directly the shareholdings of the GIG shareholders  to further deliver certainty of outcome  the Target has agreed under the terms of the Option that in the event that it cannot deliver good title to 100% of its shares  DCAC has the option to acquire the intermediary holding company and thus secure 100% of the business and assets  on the same terms.In connection with the Business Combination  the DCAC Sponsor has agreed to vote its DCAC Ordinary Shares and DCAC Sponsor Shares in favour of the Business Combination. On the date of this Release  DCAC has made a preliminary estimate2 that the DCAC Sponsor would hold more than 50% of the voting rights by way of DCAC Ordinary Shares and DCAC Sponsor Shares  taking into account the anticipated  but uncertain  effect of the Repurchase Tender Offer and the Stub Tender Offer  and noting that there are still ineligible tenders extant under the Repurchase Tender Offer. As at the date of this Release  certain other DCAC Shareholders  together holding what is estimated amounts to approximately 93% of the voting rights in aggregate  tendered or sought to tender their DCAC Ordinary Shares for repurchase under the Repurchase Tender Offer and  under the Stub Tender Offer  have either tendered or informed DCAC of their intention to tender their DCAC Ordinary Shares; and more tenders are thought likely to be made.Accordingly  it is more likely than not that the necessary DCAC Shareholder approval for the Business Combination will be received.BackgroundDCAC has been in extensive and fruitful negotiations with the board and key shareholders of GIG and its divisional executive management and is now entering into the Option to acquire GIG. The GIG board believes the Business Combination will serve GIG well by giving it greater access to investment capital and diversification of the current shareholder base. A diversified shareholder base provides for a strong foundation for executing the GIG group's strategy and potentially leveraging DCAC's and other shareholders' background  network and know-how to further grow the GIG group's credibility and geographical reach. A listing on Euronext Amsterdam will further create flexibility in the ownership structure  adding governance enhancements to already impeccable environmental and social credentials  and provide an avenue for sourcing ‘sustainable capital’ funding and raise the public profile of GIG.DCAC believes the Business Combination will provide a platform to build a renewable energy group comprising high voltage direct current (""HVDC"") cable manufacturing  interconnectors  and ancillary services. The DCAC Board considers that these markets support and benefit from the global tailwinds of energy security and decarbonisation initiatives. The supply of HVDC cable is crucial to many interconnector  offshore wind and grid upgrade projects. The supply shortages of HVDC cables represent a hurdle to the energy transition and so should lead long-term revenues at high margins; and so provide an attractive opportunity for DCAC to invest in the development of new HVDC manufacturing capacity via the Business Combination.Interconnectors are growing in number and importance  are widely regarded as a key component of decarbonisation and energy security  and directly benefit from higher power prices. The Business Combination offers DCAC the opportunity for income from operating interconnectors and capital appreciation from interconnector development projects.The proliferation of interconnectors and grid upgrades also represents an opportunity for the provision of design  planning and operational consultancy services to such projects. The combination of cable manufacturing  interconnector ownership  and related consultancy services offers scope for cross-selling and vertical integration. It is a strategic objective of GIG to use the expertise  cable supply capacity and market knowledge of the divisions  harnessed with access to capital  in order to buy  build and transform a portfolio of interconnectors  both operating assets and projects in development.The TargetGIG currently comprises two existing assets: 100% of Advanced Cables Limited (""Advanced Cables"") and 99% of ASC Energy Limited (""ASC"" or ""Atlantic SuperConnection"")  that represent a strong foundation for its strategy.Advanced Cables is developing a 1 500 km/year capacity HVDC cable manufacturing and armouring facility. Having carried out a detailed site selection process across three countries  DCRE expects the UK factory to be located in Teesside  in the North East of England  (the ""Teesside Factory"") to offer both deep water port access and a highly attractive tax and permitting regime. The Teesside Factory  due to come into full operation in 2025  is expected to create over 800 jobs  support dozens of renewable energy projects globally  and make Britain a world-leader in the manufacture and export of HVDC cable. The local authorities and regional development institutions have given Advanced Cables their strong support in areas such as site acquisition  planning  labour force training  and have emphasised the benefits of the Teesside Factory being located in a freeport.It is anticipated the Teesside Factory will be operated and part-owned in joint venture with a world leading HVDC manufacturer. Advanced Cables is looking to finalise terms shortly with its preferred partner and then move into the construction phase. Advanced Cables was led to expect on 20 February 2023 that it should be eligible for UK government support from  inter alia  regional development grants and from UK Export Finance. The UK Department of International Trade has recently demonstrated support for Advanced Cables’ plans  by engaging with the preferred manufacturing partner to help secure their involvement with government incentives.In addition  Advanced Cables expects to create an aluminium stranding factory; and a testing and research centre in Iceland  in order to support the Teesside Factory and further enhance the substantial economic benefits offered by GIG to Iceland. Aluminium stranding – the core of HVDC cables - manufacturing is planned to be situated in Stromsvik (“Stromsvik Factory”). The site enjoys deep water access and has the infrastructure already in place to handle heavy materials  since it is adjacent to an ageing aluminium smelter that is expected to close in the next decade. The Stromsvik Factory is expected to create several hundred jobs and give Iceland significant added economic value from its production of aluminium  which is largely exported in ingot form at present.The Advanced Cables Testing and Research Centre  to be based near Keflavik  is expected to create some 40 jobs  largely in highly skilled scientific and engineering roles. It is intended to support Advanced Cables and its customers in the continual improvement of the product and its performance  effectiveness and usage.Once the Advanced Cables Factory is completed  this will enable GIG to provide expedited HVDC cable supply to Atlantic SuperConnection and such other interconnector projects as it may acquire. Moreover  the possession of scarce HDVC cable manufacturing capacity is likely to give GIG an advantage when originating and negotiating interconnector and consultancy business opportunities; and deploying capital to invest into interconnector projects.Atlantic SuperConnection is developing a 1 638km bi-pole interconnector between Iceland and the United Kingdom with a capacity of up to 1.8GW. It has achieved significant progress to date  including the confirmation of technical feasibility via extensive studies  the completion of a seabed route survey to confirm the optimal route  and the signing of a connection agreement with the UK National Grid to come in force in 2028/29.ASC offers DCAC a unique entry point into the interconnector industry. Most interconnectors are two-way and link two energy networks with fluctuating supply and demand. As such the directional flow of energy via the interconnector  and the revenue it generates therefrom  depends on the relative energy surplus or shortage of the two countries at any one time. In contrast  ASC will connect Iceland – an isolated grid with an economical and dependable energy supply from geothermal and hydroelectric generation – with the UK  a grid facing severe supply shortages and sharp price fluctuations  in need of zero carbon baseload and dispatchable power to fill the role historically played by hydrocarbons. In connecting two energy markets with highly asymmetrical supply-demand dynamics  ASC expects energy transmission to be predominantly one way from Iceland to the UK  and so generate more predictable revenues underpinned by long-term power purchase agreements  typically with prices linked to UK inflation rates.However  ASC intends to use the periods of surplus wind generation in the UK to send electricity to Iceland to power pumped storage into existing hydroelectric facilities  in effect creating a highly efficient battery  with the power to be returned to the UK in times of shortage and high marginal prices.Furthermore  the development and construction of this project supported by GIG's Advanced Cables and ancillary services  and harnessing capital by GIG  of which the proposed Business Combination is intended to improve access  is expected to serve as a significant demonstration to the interconnector market of GIG's integrated capabilities.Proposed GIG boardDCAC's leadership team currently comprises executive directors: Edmund Truell (Chief Executive Officer)  non-executive directors: Wolf Becke (Chair/Independent Non-Executive Director) and Roger Le Tissier (Non-Executive Director) and special advisers: Kari Stadigh  Dimitri Goulandris and Luke Webster.If the Business Combination is approved  then the DCAC board has extended an invitation to join the GIG supervisory board as non-executive directors to the economic adviser to the Icelandic Government; an industry leader from a global interconnector operator; and Luke Webster joining to bring his infrastructure investment experience as Chief Investment Officer of the Greater London Authority and so overseeing Transport for London and Crossrail; and to senior advisers from the cable and energy sector. Wolf Becke  now aged 76  will be retiring as Chair and non-executive director of DCAC; and Edmund Truell will take on the Chair  with an industry leader from the global interconnector and grid sector expected to be appointed as CEO in due course.Executive Management and AdvisersGIG’s subsidiaries are led by Ian Drew  Executive Chairman and Matthew Truell  Chief Technical Officer  with financial matters overseen by Henry Tilbury and Julien Fournier  and marketing and political relations by Chrissie Boyle (UK) and Fridjon Fridjonsson (Iceland). Jennie Younger is an independent non-executive director. Noting the conflicts of interests  DCAC has reviewed the reports and records of Advanced Cables and of ASC Energy  many of which have been produced by external consultants  conducted interviews with them and has relied on those reports and interviews.In September 2022  GIG entered into a partnership with RTE International (""RTEi"")  the consultancy arm of the French transmission system operator RTE. This saw RTEi appointed as ASC's owner's engineer for the completion of the development stage  with RTEi take options over up to 0.92% of the equity in order to promote alignment. RTEi and its parent are among the world's major interconnector consultancies and owner-operators respectively  bringing significant expertise and experience to the ASC project.GIG already has in place a full suite of energy market  cable manufacturing and transmission infrastructure advisers  including Afry  Red Penguin  Powershore and AECOM as well as RTEi. They have provided power price models; economic impact studies; technical feasibility reports  their detailed benefit of their experience of working on most of the current European projects and operating interconnectors; and of designing and building HVDC factories. These advisers are under contract to GIG and / or its subsidiaries. In compiling this offer  DCAC has reviewed their reports and conducted interviews with them and has relied on those reports and interviews. Noting the conflicts of interests  DCAC has taken further comfort from the verification work conducted on behalf of Long Term Assets  a shareholder in GIG  including an historical audit report  historical asset valuation procedures and extensive legal due diligence conducted in the production of a wide-ranging Long Term Assets prospectus submitted to the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and then submitted in near-final draft to the Financial Conduct Authority as regulator of the London Stock Exchange. It has further noted that Herbert Smith Freehills is the UK regulatory adviser to ASC Energy in respect of seeking exemptions from OfGem from the application of material UK electricity market regulations.DCAC has invited JP Morgan to act as formal adviser to the business and  in particular  to co-ordinate the ILSLN placing and to advise GIG  post Business Combination. JP Morgan has previously advised GIG  along with Kvika  the Icelandic Bank; as well as JP Morgan being the Global Co-Ordinator for the IPO of DCAC. This invitation is being examined  not least for conflicts checking  and may or may not be accepted.Acquisition TermsThe proposed Business Combination entails the sale of GIG to DCAC  pursuant to which DCAC and GIG have entered into the Option in order to increase transaction certainty. Under the terms of the Option  the consideration payable by DCAC to GIG is £330 million  which consideration will be settled with £300 million of DCAC Ordinary Shares together with approximately £30 million of ILSLNs.The GIG board has recommended to its shareholders that they enter into an exclusive agreement with DCAC to acquire the entire issued share capital of GIG3. If DCAC Shareholders approve the GIG Business Combination  then DCAC will acquire GIG for the issue of 30 million Swiss Francs4 of DCAC ILSLNs and DCAC Ordinary Shares worth 340 million Swiss Francs at a price of £20.00 per DCAC Ordinary Share. The DCAC Ordinary Shares will come from a combination of the issue of new DCAC Ordinary Shares and the sale of DCAC Ordinary Shares from treasury. DCAC will be the ongoing Euronext Amsterdam listed entity  and an application will be made for the admission of newly issued DCAC Ordinary Shares under the Business Combination. However  it will trade as ""Global InterConnector Group""  and DCAC Shareholders will be invited to approve this change of name at the forthcoming EGM.Excluding short-term trade payables of some 1 million Swiss Francs  GIG has no other debt. Any excess debts or payables above 1 million Swiss Francs in GIG at the Business Combination Completion Date will be deducted GBP for GBP from the consideration due above. GIG will bear its own costs  offset in part by the Option premium of 25 000 Swiss Francs  plus a refundable advance of 900 000 Swiss Francs to be deducted from the consideration if not repaid. The Option must normally be exercised by DCAC on or before 14th May 2023  or will lapse after that date.Terms of the ILSLNsThe ILSLNs will be issued at par. As GIG expects to have long term revenues  correlated to UK inflation  the ILSLNs have been designed with the assistance of experts in the pension and insurance sector to appeal to such institutional investors  whilst raising capital in on attractive terms that provide a natural hedge for the issuer against its anticipated revenue streams.Summary of TermsInflation Linked Sustainable Loan NotesIssuer: Global Interconnector Group (""GIG"")Sector: Positive Impact Renewable Energy InfrastructureIssuer's Advisor: Pension SuperFund CapitalCurrency of Instrument: GBP denominated Inflation Linked Sustainable Loan Notes (ILSLN)Offering Size: £77m (+unrelated party issuance)Special Distribution: Each DCAC Ordinary Share held on Record Date receives £8.50 of GIG ILSLNsIneligible Tenders: Certain Ineligible Tenders under the Repurchase Offer will be accommodated by the issue of ILSLNsListing structure: It is intended that the ILSLN will be listed on the Guernsey TISEIndex Linked Loan Terms: Maturity: 33 yearsAmortising: From year 8. Straight Line at 4% p.a. of principal  plus accrued inflationCoupon Frequency & Amount: Annual at [3%] p.a. UK CPI linked. First payment 30/9/2024Redemption Amount: Inflation Linked Redemption @ UK CPIMax Rate Payable (inflation cap): 5% on year over year basisMin Rate Payable (inflation floor): Zero on year over year basisIssue Price: 100p per NoteCovenants: Max LTV 50%. Security thereafterMake Whole 4 year non-call period @ IL Gilts + 35bpsOther: Pre-emption rights on further ILN issuance. Quarterly reporting to Stock Exchange. Monthly management reports.GIG sustainable bond designed to pave the way to multi-billion issuanceConflict Management  Rights Issue and Open Offer for DCAC ShareholdersPlease note that  on a successful Business Combination  ‘Concert Party’ interests are estimated to hold approximately 79% of the enlarged share capital of DCAC/GIG5:With 66% Warrant Exercise% VotesGIG Shareholders 70.2%DCAC Shareholders 1.8%DCAC Warrantholders 18.8%GIG board 0.2%Sponsor (DCGP) 9.0%Total 100.0%GIG is controlled by parties who are also materially direct and indirect holders of interests in DCAC.The Concert Party is the group of shareholders DCAC believes will be deemed to be acting in concert for the purpose of Euronext Amsterdam free-float provisions. The Concert Party includes the Sponsor ‘grouping’6 and the Truell family shareholder grouping7The Truell Conservation Foundation  a UK registered charity  is also a substantial investor.Careful processes have been put in place to manage and mitigate these conflicts  which are catered for in the Amended Articles and which DCAC will comply with.It is planned for DCAC to raise further capital  not least from the highly experienced new independent directors who wish to subscribe at £20.00 per DCAC/GIG Ordinary Shares upon joining the DCAC Board. Major institutional and strategic industry participants have also indicated interest in investing either in GIG  or in the Advanced Cables and/or ASC Energy subsidiaries  by way of direct investment or in operational joint venture. The terms of the proposed Business Combination have been further developed on the basis of such discussions  albeit with no firm assurance of success.DCAC Shareholders and ILSLN holders will have first refusal to participate in a further capital raise  either by subscribing for further equity at £20.00 per DCAC Ordinary Share  or by subscribing for further ILSLNs at par ( referred to in this Release as the ""Rights Issue and Open Offer""). To the extent external investors invest directly into the Advanced Cables and/or ASC Energy subsidiaries DCAC Shareholders expressing interest will be able to co-invest on the same terms  and further details will be provided on requestDCAC Shareholder ConsentA comprehensive DCAC Shareholder Circular (as defined below) is currently being prepared  which will include  inter alia  notice of an EGM and notice of a meeting of the DCAC Warrant Holders  to be held 21 days after posting of the DCAC Shareholder Circular. The processes involved in the re-statement of GIG’s accounts to IFRS make the timing of this posting uncertain.DCAC will thus be issuing further information to the DCAC Shareholders and to DCAC Warrant Holders in the form of a detailed shareholder circular (the “DCAC Shareholder Circular”) in order that they may make an informed vote at the EGM and Warrant Holder meeting  once the DCAC Shareholder Circular has been produced. The DCAC Shareholder Circular will contain important information  including risk factors and addressing the conflicts of interest inherent in the Business Combination proposals.The approval of the DCAC Sponsor Shareholders and the DCAC Warrant Holders will also be required to consummate the Business Combination. Accordingly  in addition to the EGM  a class meeting of the DCAC Ordinary Shareholders  a class meeting of the DCAC Sponsor Shareholders and a meeting of the DCAC Warrant Holders will also be held on the same day and subsequent to the EGM.Conditions Precedent applying to DCACGIG’s obligations under the proposed agreement with DCAC are intended to be predicated upon  inter alia  that:DCAC Shareholders approve the Business Combination (by shareholder vote as retained in the Amended Articles); DCAC Warrant Holders approving the acceleration of the timing by which DCAC Warrants can be exercised The DCAC Board making a Special Distribution of ILSLNs (to holders satisfying the DCAC board of their valid ownership on the Record Date  DCAC Ordinary Shareholders validly voting in the EGM  and DCAC Warrant Holders validly voting in their meeting). Changes are made to reduce the DCAC Sponsor Promote arrangements (as below) in  inter alia  the Amended Articles and to reward the GIG management rather than the DCAC Sponsor by the transfer of DCAC Sponsor Warrants to the GIG management incentive plan. The DCAC Ordinary Shares and DCAC Public Warrants continue to be listed on Euronext Amsterdam and that DCAC maintains sufficient external shareholders to satisfy any ‘free float’ requirements of Euronext Amsterdam. As it is estimated that former GIG shareholders would have 70% of the enlarged share capital  and the DCAC Sponsor group 9%  this condition should be satisfied  as long as sufficient DCAC Warrant Holders exercise their DCAC Warrants. The Amended Articles contain an obligation on DCAC that  in case the Company intends to consummate a Business Combination with a target or business that is affiliated with a holder of Sponsor Shares or a director  the remaining non-affiliated director(s) either (i) obtains an opinion from an independent investment banking firm and/or (ii) procures that persons that are not affiliated to  managed by or advised by a holder of Sponsor Shares or any Insider (or any of its affiliates) subscribe for new shares or interests (a) in the target or business the subject of a Business Combination at the same time and price and on the same terms as the Company or (b) in the Company at the same time and price and on the same terms the Company is proposing to issue such shares or interests to the vendors of and/or persons connected to the target or business the subject of a Business Combination.As certain DCAC Sponsor Shareholders hold shares in both DCAC and GIG  it is intended to address these conflicts of interests as follows:The non-affiliated directors of both GIG and DCAC approved entering into substantive discussions and thereafter the exclusive option to effect the Business Combination;Whilst there can be no guarantee that funds will be forthcoming  GIG is in discussions with certain independent parties who may invest in equity and/or equity options  and provide debt  conditional upon Business Combination.Highly knowledgeable and experienced persons have agreed to subscribe their own funds for an issue of DCAC Ordinary Shares to them. The issue price for the DCAC Ordinary Shares will be £20.00  being the same price at which DCAC Ordinary Shares will be offered to the GIG shareholders; and to DCAC Shareholders under the Rights Issue and Open Offer. Subscription will be subject to the Business Combination being approved.Other expert executives and advisers are expected to join on a similar basis.Whilst there can be no guarantee that funds will be forthcoming  Pension SuperFund Capital Services 8 are being appointed to assist in the structuring of the ILSLNs  leading to the possible raising of capital from institutional investors.Whilst there can be no guarantee that funds will be forthcoming  independent investors have indicated that they may acquire DCAC Ordinary Shares on completion of the Business Combination.Conditions Precedent applying to GIGDCAC’s obligations under the proposed agreement with GIG are intended to be predicated upon  inter alia  that:GIG shareholders approve the Business Combination (by shareholder vote as contained in the GIG Articles). No material adverse change in GIG. Approval of the final documentation by the independent directors of ASC and Advanced Cables  as well as of GIG . Agreement to suitable employment contracts with the board and management of GIG. Agreement to changes in the terms of the GIG Management Incentive Plan. Tax and regulatory clearances (if any)There is no guarantee that regulatory approvals  permits and authorisations  or non-objections  will be forthcoming or not be withdrawn.Changes in terms and reduction of DCAC Sponsor Shares and DCAC Sponsor WarrantsThe GIG board and shareholders have demanded as a condition of the agreement  and the DCAC Board intends to accept  the following changes to the DCAC Sponsor promote arrangements (the ""DCAC Sponsor Promote""):The Sponsor Group will place all the DCAC Sponsor Warrants into a GIG Management MIP. They will not be eligible to receive the Special Distribution of ILSLNs Half of the DCAC Sponsor Shares in issue as at the Business Combination Completion Date (as defined in the Amended Articles) shall automatically convert on a one for one basis into one DCAC Ordinary Share. Half of the DCAC Sponsor Shares in issue as at the Business Combination Completion Date (as defined in the Amended Articles) will then be acquired by the Company and thereafter may be cancelled or may be held as treasury shares  subject to and in accordance with the Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) In addition  the option for £2 million of Sponsor loans issued to the Company to fund the Excess Costs are converted into additional Sponsor Warrants (being the maximum amount of Sponsor loans that may be converted into additional Sponsor Warrants) will be cancelled and so no longer dilute other DCAC and former GIG shareholders.Terms of GIG Management MIPThe GIG Management Incentive Plan (“MIP”) currently provides for cash payments of up to a maximum of £13.5 million  only if demanding objective targets are met. These targets being met would imply an equity value of GIG in excess of £1 billion  broadly equating to £52 per DCAC Ordinary Share.Under the proposed arrangements with DCAC  the MIP entitlements will be replaced by the receipt of 2 500 000 DCAC Sponsor Warrants  exercisable at £11.50 for DCAC Ordinary Shares over the next 10 years. Fully diluted  this would represent some 9% of the enlarged GIG share capital if exercised.Demanding vesting terms will apply to individual beneficiaries’ potential entitlements  with 20% vesting on granting  and 30% after 12 months  30% after 24 months  and 20% after 36 months. Allocations will be made to the board and management  who include related parties to DCAC Shareholders. The allocation of these DCAC Sponsor Warrants will be under the control of the independent members of the GIG board; and details will be set out in the DCAC Shareholder Circular. The DCAC Board believes that this will benefit all DCAC and former GIG shareholders not least to ensure an alignment of interest with GIG management.Lock UpsIf the proposals are approved  former GIG shareholders holding more than 5% of the DCAC share capital will normally be subject to a customary 6-month lock up arrangements  and thereafter be at liberty to trade their DCAC Ordinary Shares.Further fundraisingOn completion of the Business Combination  GIG could expect to utilise its listing to access public market funding for both ASC Energy and Advanced Cables.Including upfront investments into these subsidiaries  it is planned that DCAC/GIG will be able to provide in the near term:For Advanced Cables: £80 million development and construction equityFor ASC Energy: £20 million development fundingThis will be funded from DCAC’s existing funds as well as:proceeds from the DCAC Public Warrant exercise: as described herein  it is intended that DCAC Public Warrant Holders are being offered an accelerated opportunity to exercise their DCAC Public Warrants for cash at the time of the Business Combination  subject to a positive vote by the DCAC Warrant holders to approve the required amendment to the DCAC Warrant T&Cs and to gain eligibility to the Special Distribution. If all such DCAC Public Warrants were to be exercised  this would generate approximately £73 million in cash proceeds. The estimates herein assume that 66% of Public Warrants will be exercised.the primary placement of new DCAC Ordinary Shares and of ILSLNs with DCAC Shareholders as well as with investors with whom GIG is already in advanced discussions.In addition  Advanced Cables expects to raise £180 million of bank debt for the construction of the Teesside Factory  largely with the anticipated benefit of a UK governmental agency guarantee.In due course  some or all of ASC Energy’s £3.3 billion construction budget may be funded by DCAC/GIG  together with major partners  with some £1 billion of equity and the issuance of £2.3 billion of ILSLNs.ConclusionThe proposed Business Combination  noting the conflicts of interests and the need for DCAC Shareholders and DCAC Warrant Holders to receive the comprehensive DCAC Shareholder Circular including a careful appreciation of the risk factors  offers the prospect of substantial value appreciation for current and prospective new investors alike.Edmund TruellCEO  DCACAbout DCACDCAC is a special purpose acquisition company incorporated on 29 April 2021 under the Companies Law as a non-cellular company limited by shares. DCAC was created for the purpose of completing a merger  amalgamation  share exchange  asset and/or liability acquisition  share purchase  reorganisation or similar business combination with a target business or entity.DCAC's leadership team comprises executive directors: Edmund Truell (Chief Executive Officer); non-executive directors: Wolf Becke (Chair/Independent Non-Executive Director)  and Roger Le Tissier (Non-Executive Director); and special advisers: Dimitri Goulandris  Kari Stadigh and Luke Webster.DCAC was launched by Disruptive Capital GP Limited  a Guernsey investment firm licensed by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission to carry on controlled investment business under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law  2020. Disruptive Capital GP was founded by Edmund Truell and his late brother  Daniel Truell  former CIO of the Wellcome Trust charitable endowment. Following his death  the firm is now owned by the de Boucaud Truell Inter-Generational FLP and the Truell Conservation Foundation  a UK registered charity  set up to ‘make money for charity by being good investors’.The initial public offering of DCAC took place on 6 October 2021. DCAC successfully completed the DCAC IPO  raising £125 million from new investors. Pursuant to reorganisation plans  some £120 million has and is being returned to shareholders  all at a price of £10.789 per DCAC Ordinary Share. The Company now holds some £7.2 million in cash  post settlement of the valid share repurchases and having met all its outstanding liabilities.DCAC announced proposals to form a Business Combination with Advanced Cables on 20th February 2023. The proposals are being finalised and will be circulated to shareholders in the near future.The DCAC Ordinary Shares and DCAC Warrants are currently separately listed and traded on Euronext Amsterdam under the ISIN GG00BMB5XZ39 and symbol DCACS for the DCAC Ordinary Shares and ISIN GG00BMB5XY22 and symbol DCACW for the DCAC Warrants.A copy of this release is available on the Company’s website: www.disruptivecapitalac.comEnquiries to:Edi Truell  CEOtruell@disruptivecapital.com+41 79 953 8396ordisruptive@admina.ggRegistered officeFirst Floor  10 Lefebvre StreetSt Peter PortGuernseyGY1 2PEMedia inquiries:James CulverhouseEQJames.culverhouse@eqcorp.co+44 20 7223 1100+44 7912 508 3221 Using a CHF/GBP exchange rate of 1.12  CHF370m equates to GBP 330m. The Transaction is denominated in Swiss Francs  therefore the precise terms cannot today be set out.2 Please note that this is a preliminary estimate and should not be relied upon. As reported  the purported Repurchase Tenders implied some 5% more Shares were in issue than was in fact the case3 As of 10th March 2023  the super majority of GIG shareholders have accepted the proposals5 Assuming the 66% exercise of DCAC Public Warrants  but not the Sponsor Warrants. Further assuming no new share issuance  other than to the designated new independent directors and advisers. Issuance of ILSLNs to Ineligible Tenders6 Disruptive Capital GP  the Sponsor of DCAC  and investment vehicles it manages  namely Long Term Assets and its subsidiary funds7 Includes the Truell Intergenerational Family LP  the de Boucaud Truell Intergenerational Family LP  Edmund Truell (a director of both DCAC and GIG)  Matthew Truell (Chief Technical Officer of the two GIG subsidiaries)  and other individual members of the Truell family.8 An affiliate of the DCAC Sponsor",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.24,0.12,0.64,True,English,"['DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED', 'entire issued share capital', 'Global InterConnection Group SA', 'DCAC', 'Option', 'DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED', 'EU MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', '£8.50 inflation-linked sustainable loan notes', 'Global InterConnection Group SA', 'The International Stock Exchange', 'Share Equity post dilution', 'reduced DCAC Sponsor Promote', 'DCAC Public Warrant Holders', 'entire issued share capital', 'ASC Energy Limited', 'Advanced Cables Business Combination', 'DCAC Warrant Holders', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Saxo Bank A/S', 'Pro forma Equity', 'APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS', 'DCAC Ordinary Share', 'DCAC Public Warrants', 'putative Business Combination', 'green bond’ ILSLNs', 'fair value estimate', 'pro forma calculations', 'DCAC Shareholder approval', 'The DCAC Board', 'The Special Distribution', 'GIG Enterprise value', 'GIG acquisition', 'RELEVANT LAWS', 'DCAC/GIG shares', 'DCAC Shareholders', 'ISIN Code', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', '20th February', 'holding company', 'institutional investors', 'Possible Impact', 'future issue', 'ineligible Tenders', 'Repurchase Offer', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'other level', 'comparable multiples', 'discounted cashflows', 'illustrative assumptions', 'Anticipated dividends', 'Issue Price', 'considerable costs', 'GIG board', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Transaction Certainty', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'Record Date', 'one ILSLN', 'BC Price', 'ILSLN issuance', 'forthcoming EGM', 'exclusive option', 'immediate exercise', 'respect', 'March', 'QUALIFIES', 'MEANING', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'VIOLATION', 'REGULATIONS', 'FAILURE', 'RESTRICTIONS', 'proposals', 'Target', 'completion', 'members', 'rate', 'Guernsey', 'terms', 'conditions', 'Story', 'analysis', 'guarantee', 'estimates', 'treatment', 'levels', 'region', 'basis', 'H2', 'Steps', 'sides', 'binding', 'consideration', 'treasury', 'cases', 'experience', 'order', 'risk', 'time']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
20399,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/onward-does-not-hold-cash-063000671.html,ONWARD Does Not Hold Cash Deposits at Silicon Valley Bank,The company’s cash is held at banks with a Moody’s rating of A1 or higherEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  LAUSANNE  Switzerland  and BOSTON  MA USA  March 13...,ONWARD MedicalThe company’s cash is held at banks with a Moody’s rating of A1 or higherEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  LAUSANNE  Switzerland  and BOSTON  MA USA  March 13  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- March 13  2023 – ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today announced it does not hold cash deposits nor securities at Silicon Valley Bank (SVB).On March 10  2023  the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation closed SVB and appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) as receiver. ONWARD has no business arrangements nor known exposure to SVB.All banks currently holding cash deposits and securities on behalf of ONWARD carry Moody’s Investors Service ratings of A1 / P-1 or higher on long / short-term deposits.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injuries. ONWARD’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD’s ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by implantable (ARC-IM) or external (ARC-EX) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life.ONWARD has received eight Breakthrough Device Designations from the US FDA encompassing both ARC-IM and ARC-EX. ARC-EX is an external  non-invasive platform consisting of a stimulator and wireless programmer. Positive top-line data were reported in 2022 from the company’s first pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability of transcutaneous ARC Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The company is now preparing marketing approval submissions for the US and Europe. ARC-IM consists of an implantable pulse generator and lead placed near the spinal cord. The company completed first-in-human use of the ARC-IM neurostimulator and reported positive interim clinical outcomes for ARC-IM Therapy for improved blood pressure regulation following SCI in 2022.Story continuesONWARD is headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland and has a growing US presence in Boston  Massachusetts. The company has an academic partnership with .NeuroRestore  a collaboration between EPFL  the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne  and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV). For additional information about the company  please visit ONWD.com . To access our 2023 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com .For Company Enquiries:info@onw d.comFor Media Enquiries:MC Services AGUS: Laurie Doyle  P: +1 339 832 0752Europe: Dr. Johanna Kobler  Katja Arnold  Kaja Skorka  P: +49 89 210 228 0media@onwd.comFor Investor Enquiries:investors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.02,0.89,0.09,mixed,0.22,0.13,0.65,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank', 'Cash Deposits', 'ONWARD', 'targeted, programmed spinal cord stimulation', 'eight Breakthrough Device Designations', 'Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'positive interim clinical outcomes', 'long / short-term deposits', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'Positive top-line data', 'Swiss Federal Institute', 'spinal cord injury', 'spinal cord injuries', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'Investors Service ratings', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'external, non-invasive platform', 'first pivotal study', 'upper extremity strength', 'marketing approval submissions', 'blood pressure regulation', 'MC Services AG', 'Dr. Johanna Kobler', 'implantable pulse generator', 'growing US presence', 'transcutaneous ARC Therapy', 'external (ARC-EX) systems', 'Lausanne University Hospital', 'medical technology company', 'cash deposits', 'MA USA', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'innovative therapies', 'California Department', 'Financial Protection', 'business arrangements', 'a decade', 'preclinical research', 'other functions', 'US FDA', 'wireless programmer', 'human use', 'Engineering Center', 'academic partnership', 'additional information', '2023 Financial Calendar', 'Media Enquiries', 'Laurie Doyle', 'Katja Arnold', 'Kaja Skorka', 'Investor Enquiries', 'press release', 'financial effects', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'actual occurrence', 'undue reliance', 'forward-looking statements', 'ARC-IM Therapy', 'future accuracy', 'basic science', 'current expectations', 'several risks', 'actual results', 'past trends', 'Company Enquiries', 'ARC-IM neurostimulator', 'actual events', 'future events', 'banks', 'Moody', 'A1', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'Switzerland', 'BOSTON', 'March', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'movement', 'independence', 'health', 'people', 'securities', 'SVB', 'Innovation', 'FDIC', 'receiver', 'exposure', 'behalf', 'work', 'world', 'quality', 'life', 'ability', 'Europe', 'Story', 'Massachusetts', 'NeuroRestore', 'collaboration', 'EPFL', 'CHUV', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'update', 'revisions', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'advisers', 'representatives', 'person', 'officers', 'employees', 'errors', 'responsibility']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
20400,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/afm-initiated-investigation-irregularities-trading-070000616.html,AFM has initiated an investigation into irregularities in trading of Azerion shares,Amsterdam  13 March 2023 – Today Azerion has announced an investigation by the Autoriteit Financiële Markten (AFM)  which according to AFM-information known ...,Azerion Group NVAmsterdam  13 March 2023 – Today Azerion has announced an investigation by the Autoriteit Financiële Markten (AFM)  which according to AFM-information known to the Company  appears to be related to compliance with article 15 of the Market Abuse Regulation and seems to be focused on the shareholders of Principion Holding B.V.  including Azerion co-CEOs Atilla Aytekin and Umut Akpinar. Principion is Azerion’s largest shareholder.Based on the information available and the information provided by co-CEO Atilla Aytekin  he decided  in close consultation with the Supervisory Board  that the interests of the Company and its stakeholders are best served by him temporarily stepping aside at this moment in time from his duties and responsibilities as co-CEO of the Company.The operational leadership of the Company remains with Azerion’s Executive Committee and broader leadership team  with Umut Akpinar as CEO and Ben Davey as CFO. This is a continuation of the current day-to-day practice for organic and inorganic activities. The team remains focused on fulfilling Azerion’s strategy and dedicated execution of the business plan.The AFM approached Azerion on Tuesday 7 March 2023 to obtain information. The Company is fully available to answer any questions of the AFM.The Supervisory Board has installed a Special Committee to steer the process and to be kept fully informed.The Company is limited in its possibilities to provide further information pending the investigation  and will share information if and when appropriate.About AzerionAzerion is a high-growth digital entertainment and media platform. As a content-driven  technology and data company  Azerion serves consumers  digital publishers  advertisers  and game creators globally. Azerion’s integrated platform provides technology solutions to automate the purchase and sale of digital advertising for media buyers and sellers  supported by in-market sales and campaign management teams. Through our technology  content creators  digital publishers and advertisers work with Azerion to reach the millions of people across the globe that play Azerion’s games and view its distributed entertainment content to increase engagement  loyalty  and drive e-commerce.Story continuesFounded in 2014 by two Dutch entrepreneurs  Azerion has experienced rapid expansion driven by organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Azerion is headquartered in Amsterdam  the Netherlands and is a publicly traded company listed on Euronext Amsterdam.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.For more information visit: www.azerion.comContactInvestor Relationsir@azerion.comMediapress@azerion.comDISCLAIMERThe companies in which Azerion Group N.V. directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this announcement “Azerion”  “Azerion Group”  “Company” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Azerion Group N.V. and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise  the words “we”  “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Azerion Group N.V. and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them.This press release is for information purposes only. The information contained in this press release does not purport to be full or complete and  in particular  is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision. No reliance may be placed by any person for any purpose on the information contained in this press release or its accuracy  fairness or completeness. Azerion will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided.This press release may include forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts may be forward-looking statements. Words and expressions such as believes  estimates  plans  projects  anticipates  expects  intends  may  will  should or other similar words or expressions are typically used to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and other factors that are difficult to predict and that may cause the actual results of Azerion to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements reflect Azerion's current views and assumptions based on information currently available to Azerion's management. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made  and Azerion does not assume any obligation to update such statements  except as required by law. No assurances can be given that the forward-looking statements will be realised. No representation or warranty is made that any of these forward-looking statements will come to pass or that any estimated result will be achieved. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements.,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,mixed,0.13,0.12,0.74,True,English,"['Azerion shares', 'AFM', 'investigation', 'irregularities', 'trading', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Principion Holding B.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Azerion Group N.V.', 'CEOs Atilla Aytekin', 'two Dutch entrepreneurs', 'separate legal entities', 'campaign management teams', 'high-growth digital entertainment', 'CEO Atilla Aytekin', 'broader leadership team', 'Azerion Group NV', 'other similar words', 'The Supervisory Board', 'market sales', 'operational leadership', 'entertainment content', 'other factors', 'digital publishers', 'digital advertising', 'Umut Akpinar', 'largest shareholder', 'close consultation', 'Executive Committee', 'Ben Davey', 'inorganic activities', 'dedicated execution', 'business plan', 'Tuesday 7 March', 'Special Committee', 'game creators', 'integrated platform', 'content creators', 'rapid expansion', 'strategic acquisitions', 'press release', 'Investor Relations', 'investment decision', 'historical facts', 'actual results', 'future results', 'forward-looking statements', 'media platform', 'content-driven, technology', 'technology solutions', 'media buyers', 'organic growth', 'current views', 'undue reliance', 'The AFM', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'inside information', 'information purposes', 'data company', 'Today', 'investigation', 'AFM-information', 'compliance', 'article', 'shareholders', 'interests', 'stakeholders', 'moment', 'time', 'duties', 'CFO', 'continuation', 'practice', 'strategy', 'questions', 'process', 'possibilities', 'consumers', 'advertisers', 'purchase', 'sellers', 'millions', 'people', 'globe', 'games', 'engagement', 'loyalty', 'commerce', 'Story', 'Netherlands', 'meaning', 'Contact', 'DISCLAIMER', 'companies', 'investments', 'announcement', 'convenience', 'references', 'subsidiaries', 'general', 'basis', 'person', 'accuracy', 'fairness', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'expressions', 'believes', 'estimates', 'plans', 'projects', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'date', 'obligation', 'law', 'assurances', 'representation', 'warranty']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
20401,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000437.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 10 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.2770 £ 24.0579 Estimated MTD return 0.03 % 0.07 % Estimated YTD return -1.77 % -1.51 % Estimated ITD return 172.77 % 140.58 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.88 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 870.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -22.27 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 239.5416 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.4296The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
20402,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-BRUXELLES-LAMBERT-5953/news/Groupe-Bruxelles-Lambert-Transactions-on-GBL-shares-from-March-6-2023-until-March-10-2023-includ-43232853/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,Groupe Bruxelles Lambert : Transactions on GBL shares from March 6 2023 until March 10  2023 (included),(marketscreener.com)   March 13  2023 - After 5:45pm CET   Regulated information   Delivering meaningful growth   Transactions on GBL Shares   Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from March 6 2023 until March 10  2023    Implementation of…,March 13  2023 - After 5:45pm CET Regulated information Delivering meaningful growth Transactions on GBL Shares Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from March 6 2023 until March 10  2023 (included) Implementation of the authorization of the Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of April 28  2020 Purchases GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  acquired during the period from March 6  2023 until March 10  2023 included  as part of: The share buyback program: 0 GBL shareThe share buyback program (by an independent financial institution on the basis of a discretionary mandate until March 31  2023): 193 334 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) Stock Exchange 03/06/2023 38 912 81.43 81.18 81.78 3 168 554 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 03/07/2023 33 720 80.96 80.12 81.52 2 730 045 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 03/08/2023 24 443 80.14 79.76 80.44 1 958 967 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 03/09/2023 39 627 80.45 80.10 80.64 3 187 814 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 03/10/2023 56 632 77.84 76.34 78.92 4 408 337 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Total 193 334 79.93 15 453 716 Regulated information of March 13  2023 // Page 1 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.beThe liquidity agreement: 100 000 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 03/06/2023 26 250 81.40 81.18 81.78 2 136 745 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/07/2023 25 000 80.94 80.12 81.52 2 023 445 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/08/2023 13 250 80.21 79.76 80.44 1 062 718 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/09/2023 16 000 80.41 80.10 80.64 1 286 531 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/10/2023 19 500 77.61 76.34 78.92 1 513 350 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 100 000 80.23 8 022 789 Sales GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  sold during the period from March 6  2023 until March 10  2023 included  as part of: The liquidity agreement: 91 399 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 03/06/2023 26 000 81.43 81.18 81.78 2 117 289 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/07/2023 15 000 80.87 80.12 81.52 1 213 012 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/08/2023 11 000 80.25 79.76 80.44 882 772 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/09/2023 28 500 80.50 80.10 80.64 2 294 147 Stock Exchange Euronext 03/10/2023 10 899 77.66 76.34 78.92 846 374 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 91 399 80.46 7 353 594 As of March 10  2023  GBL holds directly and through its subsidiaries 13 504 350 GBL shares representing 8.8% of the issued capital  and holds 8 601 shares under the liquidity agreement. On that date  83.1% of the fifth share buyback program is executed1. 1 cf. http://www.gbl.be/en/transactions-gbl-shares Regulated information of March 13  2023 // Page 2 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.be,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.05,True,English,"['Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'GBL shares', 'Transactions', 'March', 'Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'fifth share buyback program', 'market shares price', 'meaningful growth Transactions', 'independent financial institution', '45 Stock Exchange Euronext', '718 Stock Exchange Euronext', '31 Stock Exchange Euronext', '350 Stock Exchange Euronext', '289 Stock Exchange Euronext', '147 Stock Exchange Euronext', '374 Stock Exchange Euronext', 'Acquis Stock Exchange', '0 GBL share', 'Acquis Total', 'GBL Shares', 'discretionary mandate', 'liquidity agreement', '789 Sales GBL', 'gbl.be', '8,601 shares', 'March', '5:45pm', 'information', 'Disclosure', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'April', 'Purchases', 'subsidiaries', 'period', 'part', 'basis', 'Number', 'CBOE', 'Turquoise', 'Page', 'capital', 'transactions-gbl-shares']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20403,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGAN-53235/news/ARGAN-joins-the-best-performing-listed-real-estate-companies-by-integrating-the-EPRA-index-43232828/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,ARGAN joins the best performing listed real estate companies by integrating the EPRA index,(marketscreener.com) Information – Monday 13th March 2023 – 5.45 PM ARGAN joins the best performing listed real estate companies by integrating the EPRA index ARGAN has just received confirmation of its inclusion in the EPRA Europe index as of Monday 20 March…,Information – Monday 13th March 2023 – 5.45 PMARGAN joins the best performing listed real estate companies by integrating the EPRA indexARGAN has just received confirmation of its inclusion in the EPRA Europe index (FTSE EPRA NAREIT EUROPE) as of Monday 20 March 2023.Launched in May 2000  the EPRA index is made up of the best performing real estate stocks that are representative of the listed real estate sector in Europe. Investors rely on the expertise and professionalism of the EPRA to ensure optimal monitoring of the European market and to compare the performance of their portfolio. With approximately 500 stocks  the global index represents more than EUR 3 trillion of prime real estate worldwide.Extensive internal work was carried out to validate the 6 criteria for inclusion in the index: being listed on Euronext  having more than 80% of its income from rents (100% for ARGAN)  having a capitalisation of more than €270m (€1 855m as at 10/03/2023)  making its accounts available in English  having a free float with voting rights of >5%  and having sufficient liquidity. The last criterion (liquidity) has been validated for the whole of 2022. As an illustration  the average daily volume of shares traded is 20 000 (for the period from 6 to 10 March 2023).Listed since 2007  ARGAN has continued to grow since then. Listed in compartment A of Euronext  ARGAN shares are included in the CAC All-Share  IEIF SIIC France and will be in the EPRA index as of 20 March 2023. This could lead to a future inclusion in the SBF 120 index.This new stage in the property company's stock market career is an excellent way to increase the visibility of ARGAN share  boost its liquidity and favourably impact its price.About ArganARGAN is the only French real estate company specialized in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT. As of 31st December 2022  ARGAN’s portfolio amounted to 3.5 million sqm  comprising approximately 100 warehouses located exclusively in France  valued at €4.0 billion. ARGAN is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the CAC All-Share and IEIF SIIC France indices. The company opted for the listed real estate investment companies (SIICs) tax regime since 01st July 2007.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli - Chief Financial OfficerAymar de Germay – General SecretaryTél : 01 47 47 05 46E-mail : contact@argan.frwww.argan.frAude Vayre – Press RelationsTél : 06 14 64 15 65E-mail : argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment,neutral,0.23,0.77,0.0,positive,0.73,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['performing listed real estate companies', 'EPRA index', 'ARGAN', 'performing listed real estate companies', 'real estate investment companies', 'performing real estate stocks', 'French real estate company', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'FTSE EPRA NAREIT EUROPE', 'real estate sector', 'prime real estate', 'Extensive internal work', 'average daily volume', 'SIICs) tax regime', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Aymar de Germay', 'stock market career', 'Monday 13th March', 'EPRA Europe index', 'European market', 'EPRA index', 'property company', 'Monday 20 March', 'optimal monitoring', 'global index', 'EUR 3 trillion', 'free float', 'voting rights', 'last criterion', 'CAC All-Share', 'SBF 120 index', 'new stage', 'excellent way', '31st December', '3.5 million sqm', '01st July', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'General Secretary', 'Tél', 'Aude Vayre', 'Press Relations', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'Compartment A', 'sufficient liquidity', 'future inclusion', 'Euronext Paris', 'ARGAN share', '500 stocks', '10 March', 'shares', '100 warehouses', 'Information', 'confirmation', 'Investors', 'expertise', 'professionalism', 'performance', 'portfolio', '6 criteria', 'income', 'rents', 'capitalisation', '10/03', 'accounts', 'English', 'illustration', 'period', '6 to', 'visibility', 'price', 'DEVELOPMENT', 'RENTAL', 'ISIN', 'mail', 'Attachment', '5.45']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20404,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/13/2626063/0/en/ARGAN-joins-the-best-performing-listed-real-estate-companies-by-integrating-the-EPRA-index.html,ARGAN joins the best performing listed real estate companies by integrating the EPRA index,Information – Monday 13th March 2023 – 5.45 PM  ARGAN joins the best performing listed real estate companies by integrating the EPRA index  ARGAN has...,French EnglishInformation – Monday 13th March 2023 – 5.45 PMARGAN joins the best performing listed real estate companies by integrating the EPRA indexARGAN has just received confirmation of its inclusion in the EPRA Europe index (FTSE EPRA NAREIT EUROPE) as of Monday 20 March 2023.Launched in May 2000  the EPRA index is made up of the best performing real estate stocks that are representative of the listed real estate sector in Europe. Investors rely on the expertise and professionalism of the EPRA to ensure optimal monitoring of the European market and to compare the performance of their portfolio. With approximately 500 stocks  the global index represents more than EUR 3 trillion of prime real estate worldwide.Extensive internal work was carried out to validate the 6 criteria for inclusion in the index: being listed on Euronext  having more than 80% of its income from rents (100% for ARGAN)  having a capitalisation of more than €270m (€1 855m as at 10/03/2023)  making its accounts available in English  having a free float with voting rights of >5%  and having sufficient liquidity. The last criterion (liquidity) has been validated for the whole of 2022. As an illustration  the average daily volume of shares traded is 20 000 (for the period from 6 to 10 March 2023).Listed since 2007  ARGAN has continued to grow since then. Listed in compartment A of Euronext  ARGAN shares are included in the CAC All-Share  IEIF SIIC France and will be in the EPRA index as of 20 March 2023. This could lead to a future inclusion in the SBF 120 index.This new stage in the property company's stock market career is an excellent way to increase the visibility of ARGAN share  boost its liquidity and favourably impact its price.About ArganARGAN is the only French real estate company specialized in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT. As of 31st December 2022  ARGAN’s portfolio amounted to 3.5 million sqm  comprising approximately 100 warehouses located exclusively in France  valued at €4.0 billion. ARGAN is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the CAC All-Share and IEIF SIIC France indices. The company opted for the listed real estate investment companies (SIICs) tax regime since 01st July 2007.www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli - Chief Financial OfficerAymar de Germay – General SecretaryTél : 01 47 47 05 46E-mail : contact@argan.frwww.argan.frAude Vayre – Press RelationsTél : 06 14 64 15 65E-mail : argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment,neutral,0.23,0.77,0.0,positive,0.82,0.18,0.0,True,English,"['performing listed real estate companies', 'EPRA index', 'ARGAN', 'performing listed real estate companies', 'real estate investment companies', 'performing real estate stocks', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'French real estate company', 'FTSE EPRA NAREIT EUROPE', 'real estate sector', 'prime real estate', 'Extensive internal work', 'average daily volume', 'SIICs) tax regime', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Aymar de Germay', 'French English Information', 'stock market career', 'Monday 13th March', 'EPRA Europe index', 'European market', 'EPRA index', 'property company', 'Monday 20 March', 'optimal monitoring', 'global index', 'EUR 3 trillion', 'free float', 'voting rights', 'last criterion', 'CAC All-Share', 'SBF 120 index', 'new stage', 'excellent way', '31st December', '3.5 million sqm', '01st July', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'General Secretary', 'Tél', 'Aude Vayre', 'Press Relations', 'PREMIUM WAREHOUSES', 'Compartment A', 'sufficient liquidity', 'future inclusion', 'Euronext Paris', 'ARGAN share', '500 stocks', '10 March', 'shares', '100 warehouses', 'confirmation', 'Investors', 'expertise', 'professionalism', 'performance', 'portfolio', '6 criteria', 'income', 'rents', 'capitalisation', '10/03', 'accounts', 'illustration', 'period', '6 to', 'visibility', 'price', 'DEVELOPMENT', 'RENTAL', 'ISIN', 'mail', 'Attachment', '5.45']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,globenewswire.com
20405,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/pharming-group-announces-that-it-expects-to-have-full-access-today-to-its-cash-on-deposit-at-silicon-valley-bank-limited-in-light-of-uk-government-announcement-301769932.html,Pharming Group announces that it expects to have full access today to its cash on deposit at Silicon Valley Bank Limited in light of UK Government announcement,"LEIDEN  Netherlands  March 13  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") ( Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM / Nasdaq: PHAR) is aware that Silicon Valley Bank Limited (""SVB UK"") has today been sold to HSBC UK Bank plc. This transaction ha…","LEIDEN  Netherlands  March 13  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") ( Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM / Nasdaq: PHAR) is aware that Silicon Valley Bank Limited (""SVB UK"") has today been sold to HSBC UK Bank plc. This transaction has been facilitated by the Bank of England  in consultation with the Treasury  using powers granted by the Banking Act 2009.The announcement by the UK government states that customer deposits have been protected and that customers of SVB UK will be able to access their deposits and banking services as normal from today.As a result of these actions  Pharming expects to have access to the US$19 million it has on deposit at SVB UK  and to not bear any losses on these deposits.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments and statements regarding the various proceedings in the US and UK  including how  if at all  Pharming may be able to recover cash deposited with SVB US and Silicon Valley Bank UK Limited. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy Byrne T: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon Melens T: +31 6 53 81 64 27 E: pharming@lifespring.nlLogo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2003587/3935927/Pharming_Group_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank Limited', 'UK Government announcement', 'Pharming Group', 'full access', 'cash', 'deposit', 'light', 'Silicon Valley Bank UK Limited', 'SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.', 'Silicon Valley Bank Limited', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'HSBC UK Bank plc', 'working capital requirements', 'U.S. Securities', 'Corporate Communications T', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'Amy Byrne T', 'Leon Melens T', 'protein replacement therapies', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'clinical, scientific, regulatory', 'VP Investor Relations', 'gene therapies', 'SVB UK', 'UK government', 'Banking Act', 'banking services', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'actual results', 'preclinical studies', 'clinical trials', 'product candidates', 'cash resources', 'technical developments', 'various proceedings', '2021 Annual Report', 'Form 20-F', 'Exchange Commission', 'undue reliance', 'Michael Levitan', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'press release', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'cautionary statements', 'similar terms', 'SVB US', 'The Netherlands', 'unknown risks', 'other risks', 'customer deposits', 'public information', 'LEIDEN', 'PRNewswire', 'Nasdaq', 'transaction', 'England', 'consultation', 'Treasury', 'powers', 'announcement', 'customers', 'today', 'actions', 'access', 'losses', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'phrases', 'ambition', 'milestones', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'plan', 'project', 'target', 'Examples', 'respect', 'timing', 'progress', 'commercial', 'prospects', 'number', 'scope', 'expansion', 'ramifications', 'cost', 'light', 'year', 'circumstances', 'entirety', 'section', 'Readers', 'obligation', 'disclosure', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'London', 'Logo', '31']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,prnewswire.co.uk
20406,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/pharming-group-announces-that-it-expects-to-have-full-access-today-to-its-cash-on-deposit-at-silicon-valley-bank-in-light-of-us-government-announcement-301769844.html,Pharming Group announces that it expects to have full access today to its cash on deposit at Silicon Valley Bank in light of US Government announcement,"LEIDEN  Netherlands  March 13  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (NASDAQ: PHAR) is aware that the US Department of the Treasury  the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Fede…","LEIDEN  Netherlands  March 13  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (NASDAQ: PHAR) is aware that the US Department of the Treasury  the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (""FDIC"") issued a joint statement on March 12  2023 stating that actions have been approved enabling the FDIC to complete its resolution of Silicon Valley Bank (""SVB US"") in a manner that fully protects all depositors. The statement further noted that depositors will have access to all of their money starting today.As a result of these actions  Pharming expects to have access to the US$26 million it has on deposit at SVB US  and to not bear any losses on these deposits.Pharming continues to actively monitor the situation  including with respect to its US$19 million in deposits at Silicon Valley Bank UK Limited.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments and statements regarding the various proceedings in the US and UK  including how  if at all  Pharming may be able to recover cash deposited with SVB US and Silicon Valley Bank UK Limited. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlLogo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.12,0.87,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank', 'US Government announcement', 'Pharming Group', 'full access', 'cash', 'deposit', 'light', 'Silicon Valley Bank UK Limited', 'SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Federal Reserve System', 'working capital requirements', 'U.S. Securities', 'Corporate Communications T', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'Leon Melens T', 'protein replacement therapies', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'clinical, scientific, regulatory', 'VP Investor Relations', 'gene therapies', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'actual results', 'preclinical studies', 'clinical trials', 'product candidates', 'cash resources', 'technical developments', 'various proceedings', '2021 Annual Report', 'Form 20-F', 'Exchange Commission', 'undue reliance', 'Michael Levitan', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'Amy Byrne', 'US Department', 'SVB US', 'press release', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'cautionary statements', 'joint statement', 'similar terms', 'The Netherlands', 'unknown risks', 'other risks', 'public information', 'LEIDEN', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'Treasury', 'Board', 'Governors', 'FDIC', 'March', 'actions', 'resolution', 'manner', 'depositors', 'access', 'money', 'losses', 'deposits', 'situation', 'respect', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'early', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'phrases', 'ambition', 'milestones', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'project', 'target', 'Examples', 'timing', 'progress', 'commercial', 'prospects', 'number', 'scope', 'expansion', 'ramifications', 'cost', 'light', 'year', 'circumstances', 'entirety', 'section', 'Readers', 'obligation', 'disclosure', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'London', 'Logo']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,prnewswire.co.uk
20407,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ABIVAX-22387984/news/Abivax-does-not-hold-any-cash-or-otherwise-have-any-deposits-at-SVB-or-at-any-other-U-S-financial-i-43229440/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,Abivax does not hold any cash or otherwise have any deposits at SVB or at any other U.S. financial institution,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word: MiscellaneousAbivax does not hold any cash or otherwise have any deposits at SVB or at any other U.S. financial institution 13.03.2023 / 12:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible …,EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word(s): MiscellaneousAbivax does not hold any cash or otherwise have any deposits at SVB or at any other U.S. financial institution13.03.2023 / 12:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.COMPANY STATEMENTAbivax does not hold any cash or otherwise have any deposits at SVB or at any other U.S. financial institutionPARIS  France  March 13  2023 – 12:00 p.m. (CET) – Abivax SA (the “Company”  Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 – ABVX)  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  is aware that Silicon Valley Bank (“SVB”) was closed on March 10  2023  by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation  which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) as receiver.The Company does not hold any cash or otherwise have any deposits at SVB or at any other U.S. financial institution  and it does not have any banking relationship with SVB. The Company has no exposure to any liquidity concern at SVB or any other U.S. financial institution.*****About Abivax (www.abivax.com)Abivax is a Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company  focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Abivax  founded by Truffle Capital  is listed on Euronext compartment B (ISIN: FR0012333284 – Mnémo: ABVX). Based in Paris and Montpellier  Abivax’s lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. More information on the company is available at www.abivax.com. Follow us on Twitter @ABIVAX_.Contacts,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['other U.S. financial institution', 'Abivax', 'cash', 'deposits', 'SVB', 'other U.S. financial institution', 'Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company', 'Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Phase 3 clinical trials', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'lead drug candidate', 'Euronext compartment B', 'Financial Protection', 'COMPANY STATEMENT', 'Key word', 'immune system', 'California Department', 'banking relationship', 'liquidity concern', 'Truffle Capital', 'Mnémo', 'ulcerative colitis', 'More information', 'Euronext Paris', 'Abivax SA', 'EQS-News', 'Miscellaneous', 'cash', 'deposits', 'SVB', '12:00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'France', 'March', 'ABVX', 'therapeutics', 'patients', 'Innovation', 'FDIC', 'receiver', 'exposure', 'Montpellier', 'obefazimod', 'treatment', 'Twitter', 'Contacts']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20408,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GAROFALO-HEALTH-CARE-S-P-47103079/news/GHC-treasury-shares-buy-back-announcement-43231706/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,GHC: treasury shares buy-back announcement,(marketscreener.com)   Press Release   GAROFALO HEALTH CARE S.P.A.: TREASURY SHARE BUY-BACK ANNOUNCEMENT   Rome  March 13  2023- Garofalo Health Care S.p.A.   listed on the Euronext STAR segment of the Italian Stock Exchange   with regards to the trea…,"Press ReleaseGAROFALO HEALTH CARE S.P.A.: TREASURY SHARE BUY-BACK ANNOUNCEMENTRome  March 13  2023- Garofalo Health Care S.p.A. (""GHC"")  listed on the Euronext STAR segment of the Italian Stock Exchange (LEI code 815600C851C90CAE6438)  with regards to the treasury share buy-back programme authorized by the Shareholders' Meeting of April 29  2022  as announced to the market on the same date as per Article 144-bis of Consob Regulation No. 11971/1999  announces that between March 6  2023 and March 10  2023  it acquired on the Euronext Milan segment of the Italian Stock Exchange 24 294 GHC shares (ISIN code: IT0005345233)  equal to 0.03% of the share capital  at an average price of Euro 3.8061 per share  for a total of Euro 92 464.56.The purchases were made through the intermediary Equita SIM S.p.A.  LEI code 815600E3E9BFBC8FAA85.Purchases of GHC shares on the Euronext Milan segment of the Italian Stock Exchange on a daily aggregated basis in this period are presented below:Date No. of shares acquired Average price (Euro) Value (Euro) 06/03/2023 9 300 3.8341 35 657.41 07/03/2023 4 894 3.7893 18 544.85 08/03/2023 2 400 3.7858 9 086.00 09/03/2023 4 700 3.7870 17 798.80 10/03/2023 3 000 3.7925 11 377.50 TOTAL 24 294 3.8061 92 464.56Following the above stated purchases  GHC currently holds 1 383 830 treasury shares  equal to 1.53% of the share capital.The breakdown of daily transactions is presented below.Garofalo Health Care S.p.A. - Share Capital: Euro 31 570 000 fully paid-in Economic & Administrative Register No.: Rome No. 947074 - VAT NO.03831150366 - TAX NO. 06103021009Registered office: Piazzale delle Belle Arti  6 - 00196 Rome - Switchboard: 06 6848911",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['treasury shares', 'GHC', 'announcement', 'GAROFALO HEALTH CARE S.P.A.', 'Equita SIM S.p.A.', 'Piazzale delle Belle Arti', 'TREASURY SHARE BUY-BACK ANNOUNCEMENT', 'treasury share buy-back programme', 'Euronext STAR segment', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'Euronext Milan segment', 'daily aggregated basis', 'Administrative Register No.', '1,383,830 treasury shares', 'share capital', 'Date No.', 'daily transactions', 'Press Release', 'LEI code', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'same date', 'Consob Regulation', 'ISIN code', 'average price', 'Registered office', '24,294 GHC shares', 'Euro) Value', 'Rome', 'regards', 'April', 'market', 'Article', 'March', 'total', 'purchases', 'intermediary', 'period', 'breakdown', 'Economic', 'VAT', 'TAX', 'Switchboard']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20409,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXOR-N-V-142350737/news/Exor-N-V-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program-43227483/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,Exor N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com)  EXOR N.V. announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022   the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam: Trading DateNumber of ordinary…,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam:Trading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 9 March 2023 29 181 79.6609 2 324 584.72 10 March 2023 33 445 78.2114 2 615 780.27 TOTAL 62 626 4 940 364.99After these purchases  the total invested amount under the second tranche is approximately €232.7 million for a total amount of 3 361 469 ordinary shares purchased.As of 10 March 2023  the Company held in total 14 149 567 ordinary shares in treasury (5.87% of total ordinary issued share capital).A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Exor N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'total ordinary issued share capital', 'share buyback program', 'Trading Date Number', 'Share Buyback section', 'EXOR N.V.', 'ordinary shares', 'Total consideration', 'second tranche', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'total amount', 'following transactions', 'Company', '29 July', 'fees', '9 March', '10 March', 'purchases', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20410,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DBV-TECHNOLOGIES-10189744/news/DBV-Technologies-Update-43227062/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,DBV Technologies Update,(marketscreener.com) Montrouge  France  March 13  2023 DBV Technologies Update DBV Technologies   a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  informs its investors that it does not hold cash deposits or securities at Silicon Valley Bank. About DBV Technologie…,Montrouge  France  March 13  2023DBV Technologies UpdateDBV Technologies (Euronext: DBV – ISIN: FR0010417345 – Nasdaq Market: DBVT)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company  informs its investors that it does not hold cash deposits or securities at Silicon Valley Bank.About DBV TechnologiesDBV Technologies is developing Viaskin™  an investigational proprietary technology platform with broad potential applications in immunotherapy. Viaskin is based on epicutaneous immunotherapy  or EPIT™  and is DBV Technologies’ method of delivering biologically active compounds to the immune system through intact skin. With this new class of non-invasive product candidates  the Company is dedicated to safely transforming the care of food-allergic patients. DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs include ongoing clinical trials of Viaskin Peanut. DBV Technologies has global headquarters in Montrouge  France  and North American operations in Basking Ridge  NJ. The Company’s ordinary shares are traded on segment B of Euronext Paris (Ticker: DBV  ISIN code: FR0010417345) and the Company’s ADSs (each representing one-half of one ordinary share) are traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (Ticker: DBVT).Forward Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements and estimates  including statements regarding the therapeutic potential of Viaskin™ Peanut as a treatment for peanut-allergic children and the potential benefits of EPIT™  DBV Technologies’ clinical development and regulatory plans  timing and projections of VITESSE study milestones  and timing and anticipated results of interactions with regulatory agencies. All statements about VITESSE study milestones  enrollment and anticipated results contained herein are DBV’s best estimates and projections are based on performance of previous studies and are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance and achievements with respect to the VITESSE study to differ materially from the estimates and projections contained herein. These forward-looking statements and estimates are not promises or guarantees and involve substantial risks and uncertainties and may be impacted by market conditions as well as other risks and uncertainties set forth in DBV Technologies’ regulatory filings with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”)  DBV Technologies’ filings and reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and future filings and reports made with the AMF and SEC. Existing and prospective investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and estimates  which speak only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by applicable law  DBV Technologies undertakes no obligation to update or revise the information contained in this Press Release.Investor ContactAnne PollakDBV Technologies+1 857-529-2363anne.pollak@dbv-technologies.comMedia ContactAngela MarcucciDBV Technologies+1 646-842-2393angela.marcucci@dbv-technologies.comViaskin and EPIT are trademarks of DBV Technologies.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.18,0.81,True,English,"['DBV Technologies Update', 'DBV Technologies’ food allergies programs', 'investigational proprietary technology platform', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'DBV Technologies’ clinical development', 'DBV Technologies’ regulatory filings', 'ongoing clinical trials', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'non-invasive product candidates', 'North American operations', 'one ordinary share', 'U.S. Securities', 'broad potential applications', 'VITESSE study milestones', 'DBV Technologies Update', 'DBV Technologies’ method', 'DBV Technologies’ filings', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Nasdaq Market', 'global headquarters', 'future filings', 'regulatory plans', 'regulatory agencies', 'market conditions', 'ordinary shares', 'therapeutic potential', 'potential benefits', 'cash deposits', 'active compounds', 'immune system', 'intact skin', 'new class', 'food-allergic patients', 'Basking Ridge', 'segment B', 'press release', 'peanut-allergic children', 'previous studies', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'substantial risks', 'other risks', 'Exchange Commission', 'undue reliance', 'applicable law', 'Investor Contact', 'Media Contact', 'epicutaneous immunotherapy', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'looking statements', 'prospective investors', 'Anne Pollak', 'Viaskin Peanut', 'Viaskin™ Peanut', 'actual results', 'best estimates', 'Angela Marcucci', 'Montrouge', 'France', 'DBVT', 'EPIT™', 'care', 'NJ.', 'Ticker', 'ADSs', 'one-half', 'treatment', 'timing', 'projections', 'anticipated', 'interactions', 'enrollment', 'performance', 'uncertainties', 'achievements', 'respect', 'promises', 'guarantees', 'AMF', 'reports', 'obligation', 'information', 'trademarks', 'Attachment']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20411,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THALES-4715/news/Thales-Reduction-of-capital-by-cancellation-of-treasury-shares-13-March-2023-43230399/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,Thales : Reduction of capital by cancellation of treasury shares - 13 March 2023,(marketscreener.com)   RELEASE   March 13  2023   Paris La Défense   Thales: Reduction of capital by cancellation of treasury shares   As announced on March 8  2023  the Board of directors decided to reduce the share capital of Thales by cancell…,"RELEASEMarch 13  2023Paris La DéfenseThales: Reduction of capital by cancellation of treasury sharesAs announced on March 8  2023  the Board of directors decided to reduce the share capital of Thales by cancelling 3 201 169 treasury shares held in registered form  representing 1.5% of its share capital  effective March 13  2023.This decision was taken by the Board of directors held on March 7  2023  upon the authorisation of the extraordinary general meeting of May 6  2021.The shares were bought back between April 1st  2022 and February 15  2023 as part of the buyback program announced on March 3  2022.The share capital of Thales now amounts to 630 630 420 euros  divided into 210 210 140 shares of 3 euros nominal value.This operation has no impact on Thales' consolidated accounts nor on the net earnings per share.The information on the total number of voting rights and shares as well as the shareholding structure will be updated accordingly on the website:- Section ""Monthly statement on share capital and voting rights"": https://www.thalesgroup.com/en/investor/regulated-information- Section ""Share and shareholding"": https://www.thalesgroup.com/en/investor/retail- investors/share-and-shareholdingAbout ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies  investing in digital and ""deep tech"" innovations - connectivity  big data  artificial intelligence  cybersecurity and quantum technologies - to build a confident future crucial for the development of our societies. The Group provides its customers - businesses  organizations and governments - in the defense  aeronautics space and digital identity and security domains with solutions  services and products that help them fulfill their critical role  consideration for the individual being the driving force behind all decisions.Thales has 77 0001 employees in 68 countries. In 2022  the Group generated sales of €17.6 billion._______________________________1 Excluding Transport business  which is being divestedCOMMUNICATIONS DEPARTMENT - Thales - Tour Carpe Diem - 31 Place des Corolles 92098 Paris La Défense Cedex - France - Tel.: +33(0)1 57 77 86 26 - www.thalesgroup.com",neutral,0.0,0.97,0.02,positive,0.51,0.47,0.01,True,English,"['treasury shares', 'Thales', 'Reduction', 'capital', 'cancellation', '13 March', 'Paris La Défense Cedex', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'deep tech"" innovations', 'Tour Carpe Diem', '31 Place des Corolles', '3 euros nominal value', 'Euronext Paris', 'buyback program', 'consolidated accounts', 'net earnings', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Monthly statement', 'global leader', 'advanced technologies', 'big data', 'artificial intelligence', 'quantum technologies', 'confident future', 'security domains', 'critical role', 'driving force', 'Transport business', 'COMMUNICATIONS DEPARTMENT', 'The Group', 'digital identity', 'share capital', 'treasury shares', 'shareholding structure', '630,630,420 euros', '210,210,140 shares', 'RELEASE', 'March', 'Thales', 'Reduction', 'cancellation', 'Board', 'directors', 'registered', 'form', 'decision', 'authorisation', 'May', 'April', 'February', 'operation', 'impact', 'website', 'Section', 'investor', 'connectivity', 'cybersecurity', 'development', 'societies', 'customers', 'businesses', 'organizations', 'governments', 'defense', 'aeronautics', 'space', 'solutions', 'services', 'products', 'consideration', 'individual', '77,0001 employees', '68 countries', 'sales', 'France']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20412,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/13/2626041/0/en/ASML-publishes-agenda-Annual-General-Meeting-2023.html,ASML publishes agenda Annual General Meeting 2023,ASML publishes agenda Annual General Meeting 2023   VELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  March 13  2023  – ASML Holding NV (ASML) today publishes the agenda for...,ASML publishes agenda Annual General Meeting 2023VELDHOVEN  the Netherlands  March 13  2023 – ASML Holding NV (ASML) today publishes the agenda for the Annual General Meeting (AGM)  which will be held in ASML’s Twinscan Auditorium in Veldhoven on Wednesday  April 26  2023  starting at 14:00 CET.The AGM will be held in a hybrid format. Shareholders may attend the AGM in person or virtually.The agenda with the explanatory notes and other meeting documents are available on ASML’s website: asml.com/agm2023.Media Relations contacts Investor Relations contacts Monique Mols +31 6 5284 4418 Skip Miller +1 480 235 0934 Ryan Young +1 480 205 8659 Marcel Kemp +31 40 268 6494 Karen Lo +886 939788635 Peter Cheang +886 3 659 6771About ASMLASML is a leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. The company provides chipmakers with hardware  software and services to mass produce the patterns of integrated circuits (microchips). Together with its partners  ASML drives the advancement of more affordable  more powerful  more energy-efficient microchips. ASML enables groundbreaking technology to solve some of humanity's toughest challenges  such as in healthcare  energy use and conservation  mobility and agriculture. ASML is a multinational company headquartered in Veldhoven  the Netherlands  with offices across Europe  the US and Asia. Every day  ASML’s more than 39 000 employees (FTE) challenge the status quo and push technology to new limits. ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. Discover ASML – our products  technology and career opportunities – at www.asml.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['agenda Annual General Meeting', 'ASML', 'powerful, more energy-efficient microchips', 'agenda Annual General Meeting', 'other meeting documents', 'Media Relations contacts', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'ASML Holding NV', 'Twinscan Auditorium', 'hybrid format', 'explanatory notes', 'Monique Mols', 'Skip Miller', 'Ryan Young', 'Marcel Kemp', 'Karen Lo', 'Peter Cheang', 'leading supplier', 'semiconductor industry', 'integrated circuits', 'toughest challenges', 'energy use', 'status quo', 'new limits', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'career opportunities', 'multinational company', 'The AGM', 'groundbreaking technology', 'VELDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'March', 'Wednesday', 'April', '14:00 CET', 'Shareholders', 'person', 'website', 'chipmakers', 'hardware', 'software', 'services', 'patterns', 'partners', 'advancement', 'humanity', 'healthcare', 'conservation', 'mobility', 'agriculture', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', '39,000 employees', 'FTE', 'NASDAQ', 'symbol', 'products', 'Attachment']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,globenewswire.com
20413,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/13/2625398/0/en/Sidetrade-has-no-exposure-to-Silicon-Valley-Bank-or-Silvergate-Bank.html,Sidetrade has no exposure to Silicon Valley Bank or Silvergate Bank,Sidetrade  the global AI-powered Order-to-Cash SaaS platform  today confirms that neither Sidetrade nor any of its subsidiaries  have any exposure to Silicon Valley Bank (“SVB”) or Silvergate Bank.,French EnglishSidetrade   the global AI-powered Order-to-Cash SaaS platform  today confirms that neither Sidetrade nor any of its subsidiaries  have any exposure to Silicon Valley Bank (“SVB”) or Silvergate Bank.Sidetrade has no exposure to Silicon Valley Bank or any of its subsidiaries.Next financial announcement2022 Annual Results: April 4  2023  after the stock market closes.Investor & Media relationsChristelle Dhrif +33 6 10 46 72 00 cdhrif@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade ( www.sidetrade.com )Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides a SaaS platform dedicated to securing and accelerating cash flow. Sidetrade’s next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  analyzes $4 600 million worth of B2B payment transactions daily in the Sidetrade Cloud to predict customer payment behavior and attrition risk of more than 21 million companies worldwide. Aimie recommends the best cash collection strategies  intelligently automates actions on the Order-to-Cash process  and dematerializes customer transactions to enhance productivity  performance and working capital management.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 250 talented employees based in Paris  London  Birmingham  Dublin  and Calgary  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Tech Data  KPMG  Nespresso  Hearst  Expedia  Manpower  Securitas  Randstad  Engie  Veolia  Biffa  Saint-Gobain  Air Liquide  Inmarsat  Insight Enterprises and Bidfood.Sidetrade is now a participant of the United Nations Global Compact and adheres to its principles-based approach to responsible business.For further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow us on Twitter @Sidetrade.In the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the French version is to be taken into account.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.04,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank', 'Silvergate Bank', 'Sidetrade', 'exposure', 'best cash collection strategies', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'Next financial announcement', 'working capital management', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'B2B payment transactions', 'customer payment behavior', 'global AI-powered Order', 'Cash SaaS platform', 'customer transactions', 'cash flow', 'Cash process', 'global reach', 'global businesses', 'Silvergate Bank', '2022 Annual Results', 'stock market', 'Media relations', 'Christelle Dhrif', 'Euronext Growth', 'next-generation AI', '$4,600 million worth', 'attrition risk', '21 million companies', '250 talented employees', 'Tech Data', 'Air Liquide', 'Insight Enterprises', 'principles-based approach', 'responsible business', 'English versions', 'press release', 'French English', 'French version', 'Sidetrade Cloud', 'subsidiaries', 'exposure', 'SVB', 'April', 'Investor', 'ALBFR', 'Aimie', 'productivity', 'performance', 'Paris', 'London', 'Birmingham', 'Dublin', 'Calgary', '85 countries', 'KPMG', 'Nespresso', 'Hearst', 'Expedia', 'Manpower', 'Securitas', 'Randstad', 'Engie', 'Veolia', 'Biffa', 'Saint-Gobain', 'Inmarsat', 'Bidfood', 'participant', 'information', 'Twitter', 'event', 'discrepancy', 'account', 'Attachment']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,globenewswire.com
20414,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/THALES-4715/news/Thales-Reduction-of-capital-by-cancellation-of-treasury-shares-March-13-2023-43231610/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,Thales : Reduction of capital by cancellation of treasury shares - March 13  2023,(marketscreener.com)   RELEASE   March 13  2023   Paris La Défense   Thales: Reduction of capital by cancellation of treasury shares   As announced on March 8  2023  the Board of directors decided to reduce the share capital of Thales by cancell…,"RELEASEMarch 13  2023Paris La DéfenseThales: Reduction of capital by cancellation of treasury sharesAs announced on March 8  2023  the Board of directors decided to reduce the share capital of Thales by cancelling 3 201 169 treasury shares held in registered form  representing 1.5% of its share capital  effective March 13  2023.This decision was taken by the Board of directors held on March 7  2023  upon the authorisation of the extraordinary general meeting of May 6  2021.The shares were bought back between April 1st  2022 and February 15  2023 as part of the buyback program announced on March 3  2022.The share capital of Thales now amounts to 630 630 420 euros  divided into 210 210 140 shares of 3 euros nominal value.This operation has no impact on Thales' consolidated accounts nor on the net earnings per share.The information on the total number of voting rights and shares as well as the shareholding structure will be updated accordingly on the website:- Section ""Monthly statement on share capital and voting rights"": https://www.thalesgroup.com/en/investor/regulated-information- Section ""Share and shareholding"": https://www.thalesgroup.com/en/investor/retail- investors/share-and-shareholdingAbout ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies  investing in digital and ""deep tech"" innovations - connectivity  big data  artificial intelligence  cybersecurity and quantum technologies - to build a confident future crucial for the development of our societies. The Group provides its customers - businesses  organizations and governments - in the defense  aeronautics space and digital identity and security domains with solutions  services and products that help them fulfill their critical role  consideration for the individual being the driving force behind all decisions.Thales has 77 0001 employees in 68 countries. In 2022  the Group generated sales of €17.6 billion._______________________________1 Excluding Transport business  which is being divestedCOMMUNICATIONS DEPARTMENT - Thales - Tour Carpe Diem - 31 Place des Corolles 92098 Paris La Défense Cedex - France - Tel.: +33(0)1 57 77 86 26 - www.thalesgroup.com",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.51,0.47,0.01,True,English,"['treasury shares', 'Thales', 'Reduction', 'capital', 'cancellation', 'March', 'Paris La Défense Cedex', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'deep tech"" innovations', 'Tour Carpe Diem', '31 Place des Corolles', '3 euros nominal value', 'Euronext Paris', 'buyback program', 'consolidated accounts', 'net earnings', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Monthly statement', 'global leader', 'advanced technologies', 'big data', 'artificial intelligence', 'quantum technologies', 'confident future', 'security domains', 'critical role', 'driving force', 'Transport business', 'COMMUNICATIONS DEPARTMENT', 'The Group', 'digital identity', 'share capital', 'treasury shares', 'shareholding structure', '630,630,420 euros', '210,210,140 shares', 'RELEASE', 'March', 'Thales', 'Reduction', 'cancellation', 'Board', 'directors', 'registered', 'form', 'decision', 'authorisation', 'May', 'April', 'February', 'operation', 'impact', 'website', 'Section', 'investor', 'connectivity', 'cybersecurity', 'development', 'societies', 'customers', 'businesses', 'organizations', 'governments', 'defense', 'aeronautics', 'space', 'solutions', 'services', 'products', 'consideration', 'individual', '77,0001 employees', '68 countries', 'sales', 'France']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20415,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SIDETRADE-S-A-3033378/news/Sidetrade-has-no-exposure-to-Silicon-Valley-Bank-or-Silvergate-Bank-43227493/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,Sidetrade has no exposure to Silicon Valley Bank or Silvergate Bank,(marketscreener.com) Sidetrade  the global AI-powered Order-to-Cash SaaS platform  today confirms that neither Sidetrade nor any of its subsidiaries  have any exposure to Silicon Valley Bank or Silvergate Bank. Sidetrade has no exposure to Silicon Valley Bank…,Sidetrade   the global AI-powered Order-to-Cash SaaS platform  today confirms that neither Sidetrade nor any of its subsidiaries  have any exposure to Silicon Valley Bank (“SVB”) or Silvergate Bank.Sidetrade has no exposure to Silicon Valley Bank or any of its subsidiaries.Next financial announcement2022 Annual Results: April 4  2023  after the stock market closes.Investor & Media relationsChristelle Dhrif +33 6 10 46 72 00 cdhrif@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade ( www.sidetrade.com )Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides a SaaS platform dedicated to securing and accelerating cash flow. Sidetrade’s next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  analyzes $4 600 million worth of B2B payment transactions daily in the Sidetrade Cloud to predict customer payment behavior and attrition risk of more than 21 million companies worldwide. Aimie recommends the best cash collection strategies  intelligently automates actions on the Order-to-Cash process  and dematerializes customer transactions to enhance productivity  performance and working capital management.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 250 talented employees based in Paris  London  Birmingham  Dublin  and Calgary  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Tech Data  KPMG  Nespresso  Hearst  Expedia  Manpower  Securitas  Randstad  Engie  Veolia  Biffa  Saint-Gobain  Air Liquide  Inmarsat  Insight Enterprises and Bidfood.Sidetrade is now a participant of the United Nations Global Compact and adheres to its principles-based approach to responsible business.For further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow us on Twitter @Sidetrade.In the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the French version is to be taken into account.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.04,positive,0.77,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank', 'Silvergate Bank', 'Sidetrade', 'exposure', 'best cash collection strategies', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'Next financial announcement', 'working capital management', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'B2B payment transactions', 'customer payment behavior', 'global AI-powered Order', 'Cash SaaS platform', 'customer transactions', 'cash flow', 'Cash process', 'global reach', 'global businesses', 'Silvergate Bank', '2022 Annual Results', 'stock market', 'Media relations', 'Christelle Dhrif', 'Euronext Growth', 'next-generation AI', '$4,600 million worth', 'attrition risk', '21 million companies', '250 talented employees', 'Tech Data', 'Air Liquide', 'Insight Enterprises', 'principles-based approach', 'responsible business', 'English versions', 'press release', 'French version', 'Sidetrade Cloud', 'subsidiaries', 'exposure', 'SVB', 'Investor', 'ALBFR', 'Aimie', 'productivity', 'performance', 'Paris', 'London', 'Birmingham', 'Dublin', 'Calgary', '85 countries', 'KPMG', 'Nespresso', 'Hearst', 'Expedia', 'Manpower', 'Securitas', 'Randstad', 'Engie', 'Veolia', 'Biffa', 'Saint-Gobain', 'Inmarsat', 'Bidfood', 'participant', 'information', 'Twitter', 'event', 'discrepancy', 'account', 'Attachment']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20416,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/13/2625469/0/en/Bic-disclosure-of-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-number-of-shares-as-of-February-28-2023.html,Bic: disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares as of February 28  2023,FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                          Disclosure of total number of voting rights and  number of shares forming the capital  as of February...,"English FrenchFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEDisclosure of total number of voting rights andnumber of shares forming the capitalas of February 28  2023Clichy  France – 10 March 2023Article L 233-8-II of the French “Code de Commerce” and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the French “Autorité des Marchés Financiers”.As of February 28  2023  the total number of issued shares of SOCIÉTÉ BIC is 43 952 226 shares  representing:64 938 416 voting rights 64 341 188 voting rights excluding shares without voting rightsABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationery  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox and more. In 2022  BIC Net Sales were 2 233.9 million euros. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris"" "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSInvestor Relations teaminvestors.info@bicworld.comMichèle VenturaInvestor Relations Senior Managermichele.ventura@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7  Press Relations contact+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2023 AGENDAALL DATES TO BE CONFIRMED1st Quarter 2023 Results April 25  2023 (post market close) 2023 Annual General Meeting May 16  2023 2nd Quarter and 1st Half 2023 Results July 26  2023 (post market close) 3rd Quarter and 9 Months 2023 Results October 26  2023 (post market close)Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.69,0.3,0.01,True,English,"['voting rights', 'total number', 'Bic', 'disclosure', 'shares', 'February', 'Michèle Ventura Investor Relations Senior Manager', 'French “Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'Investor Relations team', 'Press Relations contact', 'French “Code de', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Isabelle de Segonzac', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'SOCIÉTÉ BIC', 'BIC Net Sales', '1st Half 2023 Results', 'English French', 'BIC products', 'General Regulations', '1st Quarter', 'IMMEDIATE RELEASE', 'voting rights', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'Euronext Paris', 'sustainable development', 'post market', '2nd Quarter', '3rd Quarter', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'total number', '10 March', 'Article L', 'world leader', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', 'February', 'Clichy', 'France', 'Commerce', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '75 years', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Lucky', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'part', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACTS', 'bicworld', 'michele', 'Image', '2023 AGENDA', 'DATES', 'April', 'May', '9 Months', 'Attachment']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,globenewswire.com
20417,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-group-announces-that-it-expects-to-have-full-access-today-to-its-cash-on-deposit-at-silicon-valley-bank-in-light-of-us-government-announcement-301769844.html,Pharming Group announces that it expects to have full access today to its cash on deposit at Silicon Valley Bank in light of US Government announcement,"LEIDEN  Netherlands  March 13  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (NASDAQ: PHAR) is aware that the US Department of the Treasury  the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Fede…","LEIDEN  Netherlands  March 13  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (NASDAQ: PHAR) is aware that the US Department of the Treasury  the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (""FDIC"") issued a joint statement on March 12  2023 stating that actions have been approved enabling the FDIC to complete its resolution of Silicon Valley Bank (""SVB US"") in a manner that fully protects all depositors. The statement further noted that depositors will have access to all of their money starting today.As a result of these actions  Pharming expects to have access to the US$26 million it has on deposit at SVB US  and to not bear any losses on these deposits.Pharming continues to actively monitor the situation  including with respect to its US$19 million in deposits at Silicon Valley Bank UK Limited.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments and statements regarding the various proceedings in the US and UK  including how  if at all  Pharming may be able to recover cash deposited with SVB US and Silicon Valley Bank UK Limited. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: [email protected]FTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: [email protected]Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1778344/Pharming_Group_NV_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.12,0.87,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank', 'US Government announcement', 'Pharming Group', 'full access', 'cash', 'deposit', 'light', 'Silicon Valley Bank UK Limited', 'SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'Federal Reserve System', 'working capital requirements', 'U.S. Securities', 'Corporate Communications T', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'Leon Melens T', 'protein replacement therapies', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'clinical, scientific, regulatory', 'VP Investor Relations', 'gene therapies', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'actual results', 'preclinical studies', 'clinical trials', 'product candidates', 'cash resources', 'technical developments', 'various proceedings', '2021 Annual Report', 'Form 20-F', 'Exchange Commission', 'undue reliance', 'Michael Levitan', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'Amy Byrne', 'US Department', 'SVB US', 'press release', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'cautionary statements', 'joint statement', 'similar terms', 'The Netherlands', 'unknown risks', 'other risks', 'public information', 'LEIDEN', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'Treasury', 'Board', 'Governors', 'FDIC', 'March', 'actions', 'resolution', 'manner', 'depositors', 'access', 'money', 'losses', 'deposits', 'situation', 'respect', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'early', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'phrases', 'ambition', 'milestones', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'project', 'target', 'Examples', 'timing', 'progress', 'commercial', 'prospects', 'number', 'scope', 'expansion', 'ramifications', 'cost', 'light', 'year', 'circumstances', 'entirety', 'section', 'Readers', 'obligation', 'disclosure', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'London', 'Logo']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,prnewswire.com
20418,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/Ferguson-Selects-Quadient-s-Smart-Lockers-for-Convenient-Secure-Order-Pickup-43227605/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,Ferguson Selects Quadient's Smart Lockers for Convenient  Secure Order Pickup,(marketscreener.com) Ferguson Selects Quadient’s Smart Lockers for Convenient  Secure Order Pickup Paris  March 13  2023 Quadient   a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels and a major global …,Ferguson Selects Quadient’s Smart Lockers for Convenient  Secure Order PickupParis  March 13  2023Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels and a major global parcel locker operator  announces Ferguson  a leading distributor providing expertise  solutions and products from infrastructure  plumbing and appliances to HVAC1  fire  fabrication and more  has deployed Parcel Pending by Quadient smart lockers  including the new line of oversized lockers  in direct response to customer demand for a streamlined in-store pickup experience during and outside of regular store hours. Ferguson operates over 1 500 locations in the United States  serving all 50 states  many with same-day and next-day product availability.Quadient introduced Oversize Lockers last year to meet growing demand for fulfillment and delivery of large goods. The innovative  tech-driven smart lockers feature oversized compartments. The solution was chosen by Ferguson to provide contractors with convenient  self-service transactions for large and bulky items at Ferguson’s high-volume locations nationwide. Parcel Pending by Quadient smart lockers can quickly and securely store everything from small plumbing tools to larger-scale products  such as 10-foot piping  water heaters and HVAC units.“Our entire culture centers around helping our customers handle their complex projects as seamlessly as possible ” said James Golini  vice president of residential trade at Ferguson. “By investing in innovations like Parcel Pending by Quadient’s smart lockers  we’re showing our customers in a tangible way that we value their time and understand their daily demands. We’ve earned a reputation with contractors for delivering unparalleled quality and service  so we’re excited to continue exceeding their expectations.”Outdoor lockers offer the added convenience of 24/7 pickup options  providing even greater control and flexibility for contractors to quickly retrieve products at their convenience. The lockers also drive operational efficiencies  freeing up time for Ferguson’s associates to help customers select the best products for their job.For Ferguson’s customers  the experience is seamless  from the initial order placement to the on-site product pickup. The smart locker system is fully integrated with Ferguson’s existing IT and communications systems for efficient staging of products. After a Ferguson associate stages the order  the customer receives a text notification with a one-time user barcode. The customer picks up the parcel at their convenience by scanning the code with their smartphone. Customers do not need to wait in a line  receive any store assistance or even enter their information on a touch screen. On Ferguson’s end  the locker technology syncs with the company’s inventory system  tracks when an item has been retrieved and closes out the transaction.Parcel Pending lockers are purpose-built  automated fulfillment solutions for nearly all products. Quadient has installed more than 18 000 smart locker systems worldwide. Thousands of distributors  retailers  carriers  higher education institutions as well as multifamily and commercial property management firms rely on Quadient smart lockers.“We’re thrilled to partner with Ferguson in furthering its mission to provide world-class customer experiences. Our smart locker solution is designed to substantially increase customer convenience  satisfaction and loyalty ” said Benoit Berson  chief solution officer  Parcel Locker Solutions at Quadient. “We look forward to a long-term partnership with Ferguson to ensure all the benefits of our technology are realized and tailored to maximize the impact for both their associates and customers.”About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  QuadientSandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1 203-301-3673 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.com1 Heating  ventilation  and air conditioningAttachments,neutral,0.48,0.52,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['Convenient, Secure Order Pickup', 'Smart Lockers', 'Ferguson', 'Quadient', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'major global parcel locker operator', 'commercial property management firms', 'three key solution areas', 'innovative, tech-driven smart lockers', 'Convenient, Secure Order Pickup', 'purpose-built, automated fulfillment solutions', 'convenient, self-service transactions', '24/7 pickup options', 'one-time user barcode', 'higher education institutions', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'air conditioning Attachments', 'smart locker solution', 'chief solution officer', 'regular store hours', 'initial order placement', 'smart locker system', 'next-day product availability', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'meaningful customer connections', 'world-class customer experiences', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'store pickup experience', 'small plumbing tools', 'customer experience excellence', 'Parcel Pending lockers', 'Quadient smart lockers', 'product pickup', 'store assistance', 'locker technology', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'inventory system', 'oversized lockers', 'Oversize Lockers', 'Outdoor lockers', 'customer demand', 'physical channels', 'leading distributor', 'direct response', 'growing demand', 'oversized compartments', 'bulky items', '10-foot piping', 'water heaters', 'HVAC units', 'entire culture', 'complex projects', 'James Golini', 'vice president', 'residential trade', 'tangible way', 'daily demands', 'unparalleled quality', 'greater control', 'operational efficiencies', 'existing IT', 'communications systems', 'efficient staging', 'text notification', 'touch screen', 'Benoit Berson', 'long-term partnership', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'Joe Scolaro', 'Sandy Armstrong', 'customer convenience', 'Euronext Paris', 'new line', 'United States', 'large goods', 'high-volume locations', 'added convenience', 'larger-scale products', 'best products', 'Ferguson associate', '1,500 locations', '50 states', 'Quadient®', 'March', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'digital', 'expertise', 'infrastructure', 'appliances', 'fire', 'fabrication', 'same-day', 'delivery', 'contractors', 'everything', 'customers', 'innovations', 'reputation', 'expectations', 'flexibility', 'associates', 'job', 'site', 'smartphone', 'information', 'company', 'Thousands', 'distributors', 'retailers', 'carriers', 'multifamily', 'mission', 'satisfaction', 'loyalty', 'benefits', 'impact', 'people', 'hundreds', 'quest', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Heating', 'ventilation']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20419,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUTELSAT-COMMUNICATIONS-5147/news/Eutelsat-Communications-PCTV-scales-up-Video-services-across-Latin-America-with-multi-year-agreeme-43233018/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,Eutelsat Communications : PCTV scales up Video services across Latin America with multi-year agreement on EUTELSAT 117 West A satellite,(marketscreener.com)    Leading broadcaster PCTV entrusts Eutelsat to expand reach and access new markets across Latin America   Reinforcing Eutelsat's premium 117° West TV neighbourhood in Mexico and entire Latin America   A longstanding partnership…,"Leading broadcaster PCTV entrusts Eutelsat to expand reach and access new markets across Latin AmericaReinforcing Eutelsat's premium 117° West TV neighbourhood in Mexico and entire Latin AmericaA longstanding partnership showcasing Eutelsat's commitment to its clientsParis  Mexico City  13 March 2023 - PCTV  a subsidiary of Mexico's leading cable operator Megacable Comunicaciones  has once again boosted its capacity on Eutelsat Communications' (Euronext Paris: ETL) EUTELSAT 117 West A satellite through a multi-year agreement. Further strengthening a decade-long partnership between PCTV and Eutelsat  this new agreement expands PCTV's Video services from Mexico to countries across the entire Latin American region.PCTV is an innovative content producer and distributor  offering a wide range of integrated media solutions to accompany their clients. The company operates a Video distribution platform at 117° West  delivering TV channels to cable head-ends in Mexico and across Latin America. The new resources on EUTELSAT 117 West A will allow PCTV to provide a broader range of Video services  extending their current reach by accessing new and untapped markets.Eutelsat's 117° West location is the premium TV neighbourhood for Latin America  offering pan-regional distribution of major networks and content providers. With an extremely strong cable head-end penetration  over 92% of the top pay-TV operators in Latin America receive their content from 117° West. Around 400 TV channels  80 in HD  are currently distributed to over 45 million TV homes. 117° West is also a growing free-to-air TV neighbourhood with 100 TV channels broadcasting in the clear  including channels from key regional public and private broadcasters.Commenting on the contract  José Ignacio González-Núñez  Eutelsat Americas Video SVP  said: ""Drawing on the ongoing success of our partnership with one of our most prominent clients in Mexico  Eutelsat is committed to further consolidating such relationships not only through satellite services  but also with more comprehensive  tailored solutions leveraging PCTV´s experience as a performant cable operator throughout Latin America. We are proud of PCTV's continued trust in our fleet and service.""Jorge Alejandro Tanaka  PCTV's CEO and Head of Content Generation and Marketing at Grupo Megacable  added: ""The partnership between PCTV and Eutelsat sets a clear roadmap for us to stay at the forefront of our industry by providing us with access to their extensive  reliable and performant content delivery solutions  including state-of-the-art satellites in the region. With this deal  PCTV pairs its innovative video teleport with Eutelsat product portfolio  and I am sure this will maintain our market leadership and assure that our Video distribution and contribution services exceed customer needs in every targeted sector.""",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.93,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['Video services', 'Latin America', 'multi-year agreement', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'PCTV', 'West', 'satellite', 'José Ignacio González-Núñez', 'strong cable head-end penetration', 'performant content delivery solutions', 'entire Latin American region', 'Eutelsat Americas Video SVP', 'premium 117° West TV neighbourhood', 'premium TV neighbourhood', 'performant cable operator', 'integrated media solutions', 'comprehensive, tailored solutions', 'air TV neighbourhood', 'leading cable operator', 'top pay-TV operators', 'key regional public', 'Jorge Alejandro Tanaka', '45 million TV homes', 'innovative video teleport', 'innovative content producer', 'Video distribution platform', 'Eutelsat product portfolio', 'Leading broadcaster PCTV', 'EUTELSAT 117 West A', 'cable head-ends', 'Video services', 'TV channels', 'content providers', 'Content Generation', 'pan-regional distribution', 'Megacable Comunicaciones', 'multi-year agreement', 'wide range', 'broader range', 'current reach', 'untapped markets', 'major networks', 'growing free', 'private broadcasters', 'ongoing success', 'continued trust', 'Grupo Megacable', 'extensive, reliable', 'art satellites', 'market leadership', 'contribution services', 'customer needs', '117° West location', 'new markets', 'new agreement', 'new resources', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'longstanding partnership', 'Euronext Paris', 'decade-long partnership', 'satellite services', 'clear roadmap', 'prominent clients', 'Mexico City', 'commitment', 'subsidiary', 'capacity', 'ETL', 'countries', 'distributor', 'company', 'HD', 'contract', 'relationships', 'experience', 'fleet', 'CEO', 'Marketing', 'forefront', 'industry', 'access', 'deal', 'sector']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20420,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LEPERMISLIBRE-149848930/news/Lepermislibre-2023-Financial-Calendar-43233120/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,Lepermislibre: 2023 Financial Calendar,"(marketscreener.com) Eligible for PEA PME - Qualified as an ""Innovative Company"" by bpifrance.For more information about the company  visit www.lepermislibre.fr         [1] A retention rate of 82% since 2018[2] Source: lepermislibre…","Press releaseLyon  13 March 20232023 Financial CalendarLepermislibre  a pioneering online driving school in France  announces its financial communication calendar for the year 2023.6 April 2023 : 2022 Annual Results6 April 2023 : 2023 First Quarter Sales24 May 2023 : Annual General Meeting13 July 2023 : 2023 Half Year Sales28 September 2023 : 2023 Half Year Results12 October 2023 : 2023 Third Quarter Sales11 January 2024 : 2023 Annual SalesAll announced publication dates are after the close of trading. CONTACTSLEPERMISLIBRE Lucas TOURNEL  President and CEO Fabrice KILFIGER  CFO invest@lepermislibre.fr ACTIFIN  investor relationsAlexandre COMMEROT/ Foucauld CHARAVAY+33 (0) 9 70 68 28 93lepermislibre@actifin.fr ACTIFIN  Financial press relationsIsabelle DRAY+33 (0)1 56 88 11 29idray@actifin.frABOUT LEPERMISLIBREFounded in Lyon in 2014  Lepermislibre is an online driving school at the forefront of the digitization of the driving training market. Lepermislibre is reinventing driving lessons by providing a disruptive offering compared to traditional players  more aligned with the new habits and lifestyles of the digital native generation that grew up with the development of digital technology.The cornerstone of its service is that Lepermislibre brings together a community of more than 900 loyal[1]  committed and passionate instructors  all of whom are State-qualified  delivering daily driver training quality with nearly 240 000 lessons rated by candidates since the start of the company  leading to an overall average rate of 4.94/5[2].Its digital model  which is more agile  fully transparent and 30% less expensive than traditional driving schools  has enabled it to attract nearly 400 000 candidates already trained in the highway code or the B licence.With a user rating of nearly 5 stars on Trustpilot  the platform provides personal spaces to offer better learning methods and revisions to the Highway Code  as well as the ability to book driving lessons from over 500 towns and cities and at more than 1 480 meeting points throughout France  with the instructor of their choice  7 days a week  from 6 am to 11 pm  freeing students from time and place constraints.The company is listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN: FR001400F2Z1  mnemo: ALLPL) - Eligible for PEA PME - Qualified as an ""Innovative Company"" by bpifrance.For more information about the company  visit www.lepermislibre.fr",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['2023 Financial Calendar', 'Lepermislibre', 'daily driver training quality', 'pioneering online driving school', 'driving training market', 'overall average rate', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'First Quarter Sales', '2023 Third Quarter Sales', 'digital native generation', 'traditional driving schools', 'financial communication calendar', '2023 Half Year Sales', 'Annual General Meeting', '2023 Half Year Results', 'Financial press relations', 'LEPERMISLIBRE Lucas TOURNEL', '2023 Financial Calendar', '2023 Annual Sales', '2022 Annual Results', 'Press release', 'investor relations', 'driving lessons', 'traditional players', '1,480 meeting points', 'digital technology', 'digital model', 'publication dates', 'Fabrice KILFIGER', 'Isabelle DRAY', 'disruptive offering', 'new habits', '900 loyal[1], committed', 'passionate instructors', 'highway code', 'B licence', 'user rating', 'personal spaces', 'learning methods', 'place constraints', 'PEA PME', 'Innovative Company', '240,000 lessons', 'Lyon', '13 March', 'France', '6 April', '24 May', 'July', '28 September', 'October', 'January', 'close', 'trading', 'CONTACTS', 'President', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'ACTIFIN', 'Foucauld', 'forefront', 'digitization', 'lifestyles', 'development', 'cornerstone', 'service', 'community', 'candidates', 'start', '5 stars', 'Trustpilot', 'platform', 'revisions', 'ability', '500 towns', 'cities', 'choice', '6 am', 'students', 'time', 'mnemo', 'ALLPL', 'information', '11']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20421,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FL-ENTERTAINMENT-N-V-140214435/news/FL-Entertainment-weekly-share-transactions-43232952/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,FL Entertainment: weekly share transactions,(marketscreener.com) Press Release Paris – March 13th  2023 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. declares the following transactions made on its own shares from March 06th to March 10th  2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the sh…,Press ReleaseParis – March 13th  2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from March 06th to March 10th  2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on June 30  2022.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-03-06 BUY 492 8.593740 4 228.12 XAMS 2023-03-06 SELL 21 8.660000 181.86 XAMS 2023-03-07 BUY 200 8.510000 1 702.00 XAMS 2023-03-07 SELL 110 8.568182 942.50 XAMS 2023-03-08 BUY 29 8.563448 248.34 XAMS 2023-03-08 SELL 85 8.605294 731.45 XAMS 2023-03-09 BUY 99 8.579192 849.34 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://fl-entertainment.com/) under the section «Investor Relations».AgendaFY 2022 results: 16 March 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress RelationsAnne-France Malrieu - afmalrieu@image7.frAbout FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gambling  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2021  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and adjusted EBITDA  of €3.5bn and €609m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['weekly share transactions', 'FL Entertainment', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Investor Relations', 'FY 2022 results', 'Press Relations', 'Anne-France Malrieu', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'adjusted EBITDA', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', 'March', 'shares', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', 'June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'section', 'Agenda', 'Phone', 'image', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20422,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-to-Host-UDAAP-Webinar-43231020/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,Wolters Kluwer to Host UDAAP Webinar,(marketscreener.com) Event will focus on strategies for mitigating the potential for discriminatory lending riskhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-to-Host-UDAAP-Webinar-43231020/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=202…,Event will focus on strategies for mitigating the potential for discriminatory lending riskThree senior-level regulatory compliance experts from Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions will present a complimentary panel discussion exploring the inherent risks and business strategies that those who offer financial products or services to consumers may wish to consider in managing compliance obligations around unfair  deceptive  or abusive acts or practices (UDAAP) standards. The webinar  “UDAAP  the Risk That Keeps on Giving: Avoid Unexpected Surprises Throughout the Loan Lifecycle ” will take place from 2-3 pm Eastern Daylight Time on Thursday  March 16.The panelists from Wolters Kluwer include Suzanne Konstance  Vice President and Lien Solutions Leader; Jason Keller  Associate Director  Advisory Services; and Seth Reimer  Consulting Manager  Advisory Services.From origination to the release of liens  UDAAP risks exist throughout the loan lifecycle. With an escalated regulatory focus and recent high-profile enforcement actions  institutions should proactively look for potential violations  especially in places they may not have previously considered.This session will provide a timely and forward-looking perspective on the UDAAP regulation  encouraging institutions to examine all facets of the loan cycle  for any and all opportunities where consumers may be adversely impacted by a lack of controls.In addition  the presenters will address inherent risks and compliance strategies associated with this critical regulation  including how UDAAP interconnects with fair lending and Community Reinvestment Act examinations  via the use of case studies  regulatory guidance  and consultative solutions.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230313005163/en/,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,negative,0.01,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer', 'UDAAP Webinar', 'Three senior-level regulatory compliance experts', 'recent high-profile enforcement actions', 'Community Reinvestment Act examinations', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions', 'complimentary panel discussion', 'deep domain knowledge', 'escalated regulatory focus', 'Lien Solutions Leader', 'discriminatory lending risk', 'compliance obligations', 'corporate compliance', 'regulatory guidance', 'compliance strategies', 'consultative solutions', 'software solutions', 'expert solutions', 'fair lending', 'global leader', 'inherent risks', 'abusive acts', 'Unexpected Surprises', 'Loan Lifecycle', 'Eastern Daylight', 'Suzanne Konstance', 'Vice President', 'Jason Keller', 'Associate Director', 'Seth Reimer', 'Consulting Manager', 'forward-looking perspective', 'loan cycle', 'critical regulation', 'case studies', 'corporate performance', 'ESG sectors', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'source version', 'business strategies', 'UDAAP) standards', 'UDAAP risks', 'UDAAP regulation', 'financial products', 'potential violations', 'professional information', 'Advisory Services', 'Event', 'consumers', 'deceptive', 'practices', 'webinar', 'Giving', 'place', '2-3', 'Thursday', 'March', 'panelists', 'origination', 'release', 'liens', 'institutions', 'session', 'timely', 'facets', 'opportunities', 'lack', 'controls', 'addition', 'presenters', 'use', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'legal', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20423,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-sanofi-acquire-provention-060000049.html,Press Release: Sanofi to acquire Provention Bio  adding to portfolio TZIELD  the first disease-modifying treatment for the delay of Stage 3 type 1 diabetes (T1D),Sanofi to acquire Provention Bio  adding to portfolio TZIELD  the first disease-modifying treatment for the delay of Stage 3 type 1 diabetes (T1D) Paris and ...,Sanofi - Aventis GroupeSanofi to acquire Provention Bio  adding to portfolio TZIELD  the first disease-modifying treatment for the delay of Stage 3 type 1 diabetes (T1D)Paris and Red Bank  N.J. March 13  2023 Sanofi and Provention Bio  Inc.  a U.S.-based  publicly traded biopharmaceutical company focused on intercepting and preventing immune-mediated diseases including type 1 diabetes (T1D)  have entered into an agreement under which Sanofi has agreed to acquire Provention Bio  Inc.  for $25.00 per share in cash  representing an equity value of approximately $2.9 billion.The transaction adds an innovative  fully owned  first-in-class therapy in type 1 diabetes to Sanofi’s core asset portfolio in General Medicines and further drives its strategic shift toward products with a differentiated profile. TZIELD (teplizumab-mzwv) was approved in the U.S. last year as the first and only therapy to delay the onset of Stage 3 type 1 diabetes (T1D) in adults and pediatric patients aged 8 years and older with Stage 2 T1D.The acquisition is a strategic fit for Sanofi at the intersection of the company’s growth in immune-mediated diseases and disease-modifying therapies in areas of high unmet need  and its expertise in diabetes. Sanofi will continue to utilize its capabilities in diabetes to maximize TZIELD’s potential as a transformative therapy globally and in the U.S.  aiming to delay the onset of Stage 3 type 1 diabetes for some of the approximately 65 000 people diagnosed every year1. The purchase builds on an existing co-promotion agreement with Provention Bio that is already delivering TZIELD to patients in need of this immune-mediated therapy.Olivier CharmeilExecutive Vice President  General Medicines  Sanofi“The acquisition of Provention Bio builds on Sanofi’s mission to deliver best- and first-in-class medicines and resonates with our purpose of chasing the miracles of science for the benefit of people. By coupling Provention Bio’s transformative innovation with Sanofi’s expertise  we aim to bring life-changing benefits to people at risk of developing Stage 3 type 1 diabetes. Any additional indications  approvals and pipeline assets only serve to further our excitement. Given our existing partnership and complementary work in the diabetes and immunology spaces  we foresee a seamless integration and execution.”Story continuesTZIELD: First and only treatment indicated to delay onset of Stage 3 T1DTZIELD is a CD3-directed antibody indicated to delay the onset of Stage 3 T1D in adults and pediatric patients aged 8 years and older with Stage 2 T1D. Stage 3 T1D is associated with significant health risks  including diabetic ketoacidosis  which can be life threatening  and patients who progress to Stage 3 T1D eventually require insulin injections for life.TZIELD is also in late-stage clinical development for the treatment of pediatric and adolescent patients that are newly diagnosed with clinical T1D (Stage 3). A Phase 3 trial  PROTECT  is currently underway and top line results are expected in the second half of 2023. Additional opportunities for TZIELD include re-dosing and formulations as well as new therapeutic indications.Ashleigh PalmerChief Executive Officer and Co-Founder  Provention Bio  Inc.“Sanofi and Provention Bio share a common vision of bringing new therapies to patients with autoimmune diseases. Under our co-promotion agreement  our companies have made significant progress educating healthcare providers and increasing patient access during the initial U.S. commercial launch of TZIELD. Sanofi’s global expertise and commitment to immunology makes them an ideal acquiror and positions our innovative therapy to reach more patients as quickly as possible.”Provention Bio also brings certain pipeline assets in early development in immune-mediated diseases.Transaction TermsUnder the terms of the merger agreement  Sanofi will commence a cash tender offer to acquire all outstanding shares of Provention Bio  Inc. for $25.00 per share in cash  reflecting a total equity value of approximately $2.9 billion.The consummation of the tender offer is subject to customary closing conditions  including the tender of a number of shares of Provention Bio  Inc. common stock  that together with shares already owned by Sanofi or its affiliates  represents at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Provention Bio  Inc. common stock  the expiration or termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976  and other customary conditions.If the tender offer is successfully completed  then following the successful completion of the tender offer  a wholly owned subsidiary of Sanofi will merge with and into Provention Bio  Inc.  and all of the outstanding Provention Bio  Inc. shares that are not tendered in the tender offer will be converted into the right to receive the same $25.00 per share in cash offered to Provention Bio  Inc. shareholders in the tender offer. Sanofi plans to fund the transaction with available cash resources. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of customary closing conditions  Sanofi currently expects to complete the acquisition in the second quarter of 2023.PJT Partners is acting as exclusive financial advisor to Sanofi and Weil  Gotshal & Manges LLP is acting as its legal counsel. BofA Securities  Inc. and Centerview Partners LLC are acting as financial advisors to Provention Bio  Inc. and Ropes & Gray LLP is acting as its legal counsel.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYAbout Provention Bio  Inc.Provention Bio  Inc. is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on advancing the development and commercialization of investigational therapies that may intercept and prevent debilitating and life-threatening immune-mediated diseases. The Company's pipeline includes clinical-stage product candidates that have demonstrated in pre-clinical or clinical studies proof-of-mechanism and/or proof-of-concept in autoimmune diseases  including T1D  celiac disease and lupus. Visit www.proventionbio.com for more information and follow on Twitter: @ProventionBio.Provention Bio  Inc. is listed on Nasdaq: PRVBAbout T1DType 1 diabetes is a condition caused by autoimmune damage of the insulin-producing beta-cells of the pancreas. As a result of this autoimmune attack  the body produces very little or no insulin which can lead to death if the insulin is not replaced.Living with T1D is complex. In addition to daily insulin injections or infusion via an insulin pump  people living with T1D also need to adopt a strict management plan which includes regular blood sugar monitoring  healthy diet and physical activity.Media RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | + 1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comProvention Bio  Inc. Investor RelationsKristen Keller | investorrelations@proventionbio.comSanofi Forward-Looking Statements2This press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements may include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product  and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “will be”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful and risks related to Sanofi’s ability to complete the acquisition on the proposed terms or on the proposed timeline  including the receipt of required regulatory approvals  the possibility that competing offers will be made  other risks associated with executing business combination transactions  such as the risk that the businesses will not be integrated successfully  that such integration may be more difficult  time-consuming or costly than expected or that the expected benefits of the acquisition will not be realized  as well as other risks related Sanofi’s business  including the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Provention Bio  Inc. Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements  including all statements regarding the intent  belief or current expectation of Provention Bio  Inc. (“Provention Bio  Inc.”) and members of its senior management team and can typically be identified by words such as “believe ” “expect ” “estimate ” “predict ” “target ” “potential ” “likely ” “continue ” “ongoing ” “could ” “should ” “intend ” “may ” “might ” “plan ” “seek ” “anticipate ” “project” and similar expressions  as well as variations or negatives of these words. Forward-looking statements include  without limitation  statements regarding the proposed transaction  prospective performance  future plans  events  expectations  performance  objectives and opportunities and the outlook for Provention Bio  Inc.’s business; the commercial success of Provention Bio  Inc.’s products and pipeline; the expected timing of the completion of the transaction; the ability to complete the transaction considering the various closing conditions; and the accuracy of any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ from expectations contemplated by forward-looking statements include: uncertainties as to the timing of the tender offer and merger; uncertainties as to how many of Provention Bio  Inc.’s stockholders will tender their stock in the offer; the possibility that various closing conditions for the transaction may not be satisfied or waived  including that a governmental entity may prohibit  delay or refuse to grant approval for the consummation of the transaction; the occurrence of any event  change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement; the effects of the transaction (or the announcement thereof) on relationships with associates  customers  manufacturers  suppliers  other business partners or governmental entities or patient groups; transaction costs; the risk that the merger will divert management’s attention from Provention Bio  Inc.’s ongoing business operations; changes in Provention Bio  Inc.’s businesses during the period between now and the closing; risks associated with litigation; failure to maintain FDA approval for TZIELD; uncertainties that the planned commercial launch in the U.S. for TZIELD is successful in part or at all for various reasons including the actual market size and drug supply needed may not be consistent with Provention Bio  Inc.’s expectations and its executed commercial readiness plans; uncertainties as to the degree to which TZIELD is accepted by patients and prescribed by physicians; uncertainties as to the efficiency of Provention Bio  Inc.’s manufacturing  sales  distribution and specialty pharmacy network in getting TZIELD to the market and future economic  competitive  reimbursement and regulatory conditions that could negatively impact the commercial launch of TZIELD; risks that the post-marketing commitment studies for TZIELD may not yield data consistent with prior results; the risk that TZIELD may cause undesirable side effects that could limit its commercial potential; the possibility that Provention Bio  Inc. is not able to execute on its business plans including meeting its expected or planned regulatory milestones and timelines  clinical development plans and successfully bringing its product candidates to market  for various reasons  including factors outside of Provention Bio  Inc.’s control  such as possible limitations of Provention Bio  Inc.’s financial and other resources  competition  manufacturing limitations that may not be anticipated or resolved for in a timely manner or at all  and regulatory  court or agency decisions  such as decisions by the United States Patent and Trademark Office with respect to patents that cover its product candidates  the potential for noncompliance with FDA regulations; the potential impacts of COVID-19 on Provention Bio  Inc.’s business and financial results; changes in law  regulations  or interpretations and enforcement of regulatory guidance; uncertainties of patent protection and litigation; competition  other risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in documents filed with the SEC by Provention Bio  Inc.  including current reports on Form 8-K  quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and annual reports on Form 10-K  as well as the Schedule 14D-9 to be filed by Provention Bio  Inc.. As with any pharmaceutical under development  there are significant risks in the development  regulatory approval  and commercialization of new products. All forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to Provention Bio  Inc.  and Provention Bio  Inc. assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  except as may be required by applicable law. The information set forth herein speaks only as of the date hereof.Additional Information for US Shareholders and Where to Find ItThe tender offer for the outstanding shares of common stock of Provention Bio  Inc. referenced in this communication has not yet commenced. This communication is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell shares of Provention Bio  Inc.  nor is it a substitute for the tender offer materials that Sanofi and its acquisition subsidiary will file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) upon commencement of the tender offer. At the time the tender offer is commenced  Sanofi and its acquisition subsidiary will file a tender offer statement on Schedule TO  and Provention Bio  Inc. will file a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 with the SEC with respect to the tender offer. The tender offer statement on Schedule TO (including an Offer to Purchase  a related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents) and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement will contain important information. HOLDERS OF SHARES OF PROVENTION BIO  INC. ARE URGED TO READ THESE DOCUMENTS WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE (AS EACH MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME) BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT PROVENTION BIO  INC. STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION REGARDING TENDERING THEIR SHARES. The Offer to Purchase  the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents  as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement  will be made available to all holders of shares of Provention Bio.  Inc. at no expense to them. The tender offer materials and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement will be made available for free at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov. Additional copies may be obtained for free by contacting Sanofi’s Investor Relations Department at ir@sanofi.com or on Sanofi’s website at https://en.sanofi.com/investors or by contacting Kristen Kelleher  Investor Relations  at investorrelations@proventionbio.com  or on Proventon Bio  Inc.’s website  www.proventionbio.com.In addition to the Offer to Purchase  the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents  as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement  Sanofi files annual and special reports and other information with the SEC and Provention Bio.  Inc. files annual  quarterly and special reports and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any reports or other information filed by Sanofi and Provention Bio.  Inc. at the SEC public reference room at 100 F. Street  N.E.  Washington D.C. 20549. Please call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. Sanofi’s and Provention Bio.  Inc.’s filings with the SEC are also available to the public from commercial document-retrieval services and at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov1 Based on Sanofi analysis derived from the 2020 CDC National Diabetes Statistics Report https://www.cdc.gov/diabetes/pdfs/data/statistics/national-diabetes-statistics-report.pdfAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.9,0.1,mixed,0.55,0.14,0.32,True,English,"['first disease-modifying treatment', 'Stage 3 type 1 diabetes', 'Press Release', 'Provention Bio', 'Sanofi', 'portfolio', 'TZIELD', 'delay', 'T1D', 'Olivier Charmeil Executive Vice President', 'initial U.S. commercial launch', 'Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'A Phase 3 trial', 'top line results', 'customary closing conditions', 'other customary conditions', 'innovative, fully owned', 'significant health risks', 'traded biopharmaceutical company', 'core asset portfolio', 'high unmet need', 'late-stage clinical development', 'new therapeutic indications', 'total equity value', 'available cash resources', 'Stage 3 type 1 diabetes', 'outstanding Provention Bio', 'Inc. common stock', 'cash tender offer', 'first disease-modifying treatment', 'disease-modifying therapies', 'additional indications', 'new therapies', 'significant progress', 'early development', 'common vision', 'innovative therapy', 'clinical T1D', 'Aventis Groupe', 'Red Bank', 'N.J.', 'immune-mediated diseases', 'General Medicines', 'strategic shift', 'differentiated profile', 'strategic fit', 'class medicines', 'transformative innovation', 'life-changing benefits', 'pipeline assets', 'existing partnership', 'complementary work', 'seamless integration', 'CD3-directed antibody', 'diabetic ketoacidosis', 'insulin injections', 'second half', 'Additional opportunities', 'Ashleigh Palmer', 'autoimmune diseases', 'healthcare providers', 'patient access', 'waiting period', 'successful completion', 'Stage 2 T1D.', 'Stage 3 T1D', 'outstanding shares', 'class therapy', 'transformative therapy', 'immune-mediated therapy', 'promotion agreement', 'merger agreement', 'immunology spaces', 'global expertise', 'Inc. shares', 'pediatric patients', 'Transaction Terms', 'Sanofi', 'TZIELD', 'delay', 'Paris', 'products', 'onset', 'adults', 'acquisition', 'intersection', 'growth', 'areas', 'capabilities', 'potential', '65,000 people', 'purchase', 'mission', 'resonates', 'purpose', 'miracles', 'science', 'approvals', 'excitement', 'execution', 'Story', 'PROTECT', 're-dosing', 'formulations', 'Founder', 'companies', 'commitment', 'ideal', 'consummation', 'number', 'affiliates', 'majority', 'expiration', 'termination', 'subsidiary', 'right', 'same', 'shareholders', 'satisfaction', 'waiv']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
20424,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KBC-ANCORA-SA-53036/news/KBC-Ancora-completes-share-repurchase-programme-43232797/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,KBC Ancora completes share repurchase programme,(marketscreener.com) Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  13 March 2023 KBC Ancora completes share repurchase programme KBC Ancora announces that the share repurchase programme  which was launched on 10 June 2022  was completed on 13 March 2023.…,Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  13 March 2023 (17.40 hrs CET)KBC Ancora completes share repurchase programmeKBC Ancora announces that the share repurchase programme  which was launched on 10 June 2022  was completed on 13 March 2023.The programme involved the repurchase of shares to an amount of EUR 50 million. A total of 1 289 470 KBC Ancora shares were repurchased  representing 1.65% of the total number of shares in issue  for a total amount of EUR 49 999 961. The average purchase price was EUR 38.78 per share.The purpose of the share repurchase programme was to reduce the number of shares with dividend entitlement. The number of KBC Ancora shares with dividend entitlement has fallen from 78 301 314 shares before the repurchase programme to 77 011 844 after completion of the programme  due to cancellation of the dividend entitlement of the repurchased shares. This will have a positive influence on the future dividend per share.Following the share repurchase programme  KBC Ancora now holds 1.0066 KBC Group shares per KBC Ancora share with dividend entitlement issued by the company. This compares with 0.9900 shares prior to the start of the share repurchase programme.The repurchased shares are currently being held as treasury shares.Barring unforeseen circumstances  the Board of Directors of Almancora Société de gestion  statutory director of KBC Ancora  will propose to an Extraordinary General Meeting on 27 October 2023 that the repurchased shares be cancelled.During the final week of the repurchase programme (from 06 March 2023 to 13 March 2023 inclusive)  a total of 52 683 shares were repurchased at an average price of EUR 48.13 per share. All transactions were carried out in the central order book of Euronext Brussels.Transaction date Number of shares Average price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Total amount (EUR) Mon 6 March 2023 13 000 49.31 49.02 49.58 641 039.10 Tue 7 March 2023 9 000 48.61 48.18 49.58 437 471.10 Wed 8 March 2023 5 000 48.44 48.28 48.58 242 189.50 Thu 9 March 2023 6 500 48.33 48.24 48.52 314 147.60 Fri 10 March 2023 14 300 47.04 46.70 47.70 672 676.29 Mon 13 March 2023 4 883 46.66 44.54 47.22 227 848.10 TOTAL(period concerned) 52 683 48.13 44.54 49.58 2 535 371.69 TOTAL (overall repurchase program) 1 289 470 38.78 31.68 49.86 49 999 961.37---------------------------------KBC Ancora is a listed company which holds 18.6% of the shares in KBC Group and which together with Cera  MRBB and the Other Permanent Shareholders is responsible for the shareholder stability and further development of the KBC group. As core shareholders of KBC Group  these parties have signed a shareholder agreement to this effect.Financial calendar:1 September 2023 Annual press release for the financial year 2022/202326 September 2023 Annual Report for the financial year 2022/2023 available27 October 2023 General and Extraordinary General Meeting of ShareholdersThis press release is available in Dutch  French and English on the website www.kbcancora.be.KBC Ancora Investor Relations & Press contact: Jan BergmansTel.: +32 (0)16 27 96 72E-mail: jan.bergmans@kbcancora.be or mailbox@kbcancora.beAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.89,0.1,0.01,True,English,"['share repurchase programme', 'KBC Ancora', 'Almancora Société de gestion', 'KBC Ancora Investor Relations', 'central order book', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Other Permanent Shareholders', '26 September 2023 Annual Report', 'Annual press release', 'average purchase price', 'KBC Ancora share', 'share repurchase programme', '1.0066 KBC Group shares', 'average price', 'Press contact', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'positive influence', 'future dividend', 'unforeseen circumstances', 'statutory director', 'final week', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Transaction date', 'shareholder stability', 'core shareholders', 'shareholder agreement', 'Financial calendar', 'financial year', 'Jan Bergmans', 'jan.bergmans', 'Regulated information', 'listed company', 'treasury shares', 'total amount', 'total number', '1 September', '78,301,314 shares', '0.9900 shares', '683 shares', 'Leuven', '13 March', '10 June', 'issue', 'purpose', 'entitlement', 'completion', 'cancellation', 'start', 'Board', 'Directors', '27 October', '06 March', 'transactions', 'Mon', 'Tue', '7 March', 'Wed', '8 March', '9 March', 'period', 'Cera', 'MRBB', 'development', 'parties', 'effect', 'Dutch', 'French', 'English', 'website', 'Tel.', 'mail', 'Attachment', '52', '32']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20425,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PRODWARE-32737/news/Prodware-Prodware-reinforces-its-presence-in-Europe-with-the-acquisition-of-Westpole-Belux-43233528/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,Prodware: Prodware reinforces its presence in Europe with the acquisition of Westpole Belux,(marketscreener.com) ProdwareProdware: Prodware reinforces its presence in Europe with the acquisition of Westpole Belux 13-March-2023 / 20:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsibl…,"Press ReleaseParis  March 13  2023 – 8:00 pmProdware reinforces its presence in Europe with the acquisition of Westpole BeluxProdware  leading Digital Transformation enabler in Europe supporting the digital transformation journey of companies  in particular subsidiaries of large groups  mid-size companies and fast-growing SMEs  announces the acquisition of Westpole Belux to further expand and reinforce its presence in Europe.With presence in 4 countries (Belgium  Luxembourg  France and Italy)  Westpole Belux boasts more than 40 years of expertise in the Information Technology industry: External Service Provider  Sales Process Management  Cloud Computing and Cybersecurity solutions.Westpole Belux notably manages the strategic IT systems of government institutions in Belgium  Luxembourg  Italy and those of the European Union. The group also enjoys a strong foothold within the Banking and Public sectors as well as with major industrial players.Westpole Belux employs around 400 employees and generates a little more than €40M in revenue.This acquisition is fully in line with Prodware’s growth strategy bringing with it  game-changing impacts:• Bolstering our geographic footprint and opening up new markets (Italy) • Strengthening and developing our product/service portfolio - in the Cloud/Security/Compliance business sectors  areas in which Westpole Belux has outstanding expertise in • Tapping into new markets such as the Public Sector and Banking.For Alain Conrard  Managing Director of Prodware: “Prodware and Westpole Belux are two highly compatible and complementary companies. The multiple synergies resulting from this coming together will unleash incredible value for all employees  customers and partners.”For Massimo Moggi- Director of Westpole: “Westpole Belux has welcomed the Prodware offer with great enthusiasm. The group will now be operating in 14 countries providing an even more comprehensive solution portfolio to a wide range of customers. Like Prodware  Westpole Belux supports companies at every stage of their digital transformation journey  offering an integrated approach to IT solutions and services  focused on reducing complexity  driving innovation and ensuring data security.”About Westpole BeluxWESTPOLE is an IT Solution and Service provider. With over 40 years' experience in Technology and Innovation  Westpole is a partner of choice for businesses when it comes to supporting their digital transformation journey.​The company's vision is to support the digital transformation journey of companies with a comprehensive and customized approach providing technological support  expertise and guidance. It assists its clients in addressing strategic challenges in different areas  such as Cloud Computing  Infrastructure  Applications and Cybersecurity  as well as cutting-edge areas such as Artificial Intelligence. ​​WESTPOLE embraces innovation with a pioneering  passionate and emphatic state-of-mind that establishes it as a benchmark for the industry.""For more information: https://westpole.be/About ProdwareWith 30 years of experience and know-how in IT innovation  we strive to provide value and expertise to our customers around the world. Whether we’re implementing the most ambitious cloud strategies  developing AI-powered decision-making tools  or creating IoT applications  Prodware is always at the cutting edge of innovation.Since its inception  Prodware has leveraged technological progress to help businesses prepare for the future by creating new economic models for the manufacturing  sales  distribution  finance and professional services industries.The Prodware group includes more than 1 065 employees across 12 countries. It generated €188 3 M in revenue in 2022. Prodware SA is listed on Euronext Growth and is eligible for FCPI (innovation funds) and SME PEA (equity savings plan).For more information: http://www.prodware-group.com",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['Westpole Belux', 'Prodware', 'presence', 'Europe', 'acquisition', 'leading Digital Transformation enabler', 'digital transformation journey', 'major industrial players', 'AI-powered decision-making tools', 'equity savings plan', 'Cloud/Security/Compliance business sectors', 'ambitious cloud strategies', 'new economic models', 'External Service Provider', 'Sales Process Management', 'professional services industries', 'strategic IT systems', 'comprehensive solution portfolio', 'The Prodware group', 'Information Technology industry', 'IT Solution', 'Public sectors', 'product/service portfolio', 'strategic challenges', 'Cloud Computing', 'new markets', 'Press Release', 'large groups', 'fast-growing SMEs', 'government institutions', 'European Union', 'strong foothold', 'growth strategy', 'game-changing impacts', 'geographic footprint', 'Alain Conrard', 'multiple synergies', 'great enthusiasm', 'wide range', 'integrated approach', 'data security', 'customized approach', 'technological support', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'pioneering, passionate', 'emphatic state', 'cutting edge', 'technological progress', 'Euronext Growth', 'SME PEA', 'Westpole Belux', 'different areas', 'cutting-edge areas', 'IT innovation', 'Cybersecurity solutions', 'Managing Director', 'incredible value', 'IoT applications', 'mid-size companies', 'complementary companies', 'Prodware offer', 'Prodware SA', 'innovation funds', 'outstanding expertise', ""40 years' experience"", '30 years', 'Paris', 'March', 'presence', 'acquisition', 'subsidiaries', '4 countries', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'France', 'Italy', 'Banking', '400 employees', 'revenue', 'line', 'two', 'compatible', 'customers', 'partners', 'stage', 'complexity', 'choice', 'businesses', 'company', 'vision', 'guidance', 'clients', 'Infrastructure', 'mind', 'benchmark', 'know-how', 'world', 'inception', 'future', 'manufacturing', 'distribution', 'finance', '1 065 employees', '12 countries', 'FCPI', '8:00']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20426,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/13/2625768/0/en/STMicroelectronics-Announces-Status-of-Common-Share-Repurchase-Program.html,STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase Program  Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Mar 6  2023 to Mar 10  2023...,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Mar 6  2023 to Mar 10  2023AMSTERDAM – March 13  2023 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the “Company” or “STMicroelectronics”)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the “Program”) disclosed via a press release dated July 1  2021. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 27  2021 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between Mar 06  2023 to Mar 10  2023 (the “Period”)  of 140 714 ordinary shares (equal to 0.02% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 45.7874 and for an overall price of EUR 6 442 932.27.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from share option programmes  or other allocations of shares  to employees or to members of the administrative  management or supervisory bodies of the issuer or of an associate company.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STMicroelectronics (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 3/6/2023 28 149 45.5724 1 282 817.49 XPAR 3/7/2023 28 186 45.3552 1 278 381.67 XPAR 3/8/2023 28 420 45.6135 1 296 335.67 XPAR 3/9/2023 27 888 46.4355 1 294 993.22 XPAR 3/10/2023 28 071 45.9693 1 290 404.22 XPAR Total for Period 140 714 45.7874 6 442 932.27Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 8 949 209 treasury shares  which represents approximately 1.0% of the Company’s issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are mor than 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and connectivity. ST is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: +33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.39,0.61,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Status', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'share option programmes', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'other lawful purpose', 'overall price', 'other allocations', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'press release', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'administrative, management', 'supervisory bodies', 'repurchase transactions', 'detailed form', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Total amount', 'Own Shares', '140,714 ordinary shares', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'Alexis Breton', 'Further information', 'associate company', 'Period Dates', '8,949,209 treasury shares', 'XPAR Total', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'AMSTERDAM', 'March', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'May', 'number', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'employees', 'members', 'issuer', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'accordance', 'bond', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'Internet', 'Things', 'connectivity', 'Attachment']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,globenewswire.com
20427,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/13/2626151/0/en/Societe-Generale-availability-of-the-2023-Universal-Registration-Document-the-annual-financial-report-and-the-report-on-corporate-governance.html,Societe Generale: availability of the 2023 Universal Registration Document  the annual financial report and the report on corporate governance,PRESS RELEASERegulated information  Paris  13 March 2023  Availability of the 2023 Universal Registration Document  the annual financial report and the......,French EnglishPRESS RELEASERegulated informationParis  13 March 2023Availability of the 2023 Universal Registration Document  the annual financial report and the report on corporate governanceSociete Generale hereby informs the public that the French version of the 2023 Universal Registration Document was filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on 13 March 2023.The 2023 Universal Registration Document includes:• the 2022 annual financial report and• the report on corporate governance prepared by the Board of Directors  as well as the related Statutory Auditors’ findings.The annual financial report cross-reference table appears on page 675 of the Universal Registration Document.The report on corporate governance prepared by the Board of Directors  as well as the related Statutory Auditors’ findings  appear respectively on pages 69 to 160 and on page 628 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document.The 2023 Universal Registration Document is made available to the public  free of charge  in accordance with the conditions provided for by the regulations in force and may be consulted in the “Regulated information” section of the Company’s website (https://investors.societegenerale.com/en/financial-and-non-financial-information/regulated-information) and on the AMF’s website.Press contact:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets; Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.28,0.72,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'annual financial report', 'Societe Generale', 'corporate governance', 'availability', 'Crédit du Nord networks', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'leading European financial services groups', 'annual financial report cross-reference table', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'three complementary core businesses', 'Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'The 2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', '2022 annual financial report', 'related Statutory Auditors', 'key international locations', 'International Retail Banking', 'innovative financial solutions', 'tailored financial solutions', 'French Retail Banking', 'integrated banking model', 'official Press Releases', '25 million individual clients', 'two Societe Generale', 'Inclusion Index', 'financial strength', 'Global Banking', 'integrated solutions', 'French English', 'French version', 'advisory services', 'Investor Solutions', 'Press contact', 'specialised businesses', 'corporate governance', 'proven expertise', 'sustainable growth', 'positive transformations', 'sustainable future', 'real economy', 'solid position', 'daily basis', 'institutional investors', 'wide range', 'SG bank', 'full range', 'omnichannel products', 'cutting edge', 'recognised expertise', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'blockchain technology', 'The Group', 'investors.societegenerale', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'digital innovation', 'newsroom page', 'web page', 'Regulated information', 'Eastern Europe', 'Paris', '13 March', 'Availability', 'public', 'AMF', 'Board', 'Directors', 'findings', 'pages', 'charge', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'force', 'section', 'Company', 'website', 'financial-information', 'diversified', 'strategy', 'world', 'societies', 'economies', 'teams', 'day', '150 years', 'rest', '117,000 members', 'staff', '66 countries', 'merger', 'Boursorama', 'Insurance', 'Africa', 'Central', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'legitimacy', 'Twitter', 'Attachment']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,globenewswire.com
20428,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301770612.html,DSM - delivery of shares,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube A…,This is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM)  pursuant to the provisions of Sections 13 paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft) (the Decree) in connection with the public offer by Danube AG (to be renamed DSM-Firmenich AG) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer). This press release does not constitute an offer  or any solicitation of any offer  to buy or subscribe for any securities. This press release is not for general release  publication or distribution  in whole or in part  in or into  directly or indirectly  the United States or any other jurisdiction where such release  publication or distribution would violate applicable laws or regulations.HEERLEN  Netherlands  March 13  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  Royal DSM is required to announce transactions relating to the ordinary shares in its capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules. This includes the delivery of treasury shares to employees in view of settling the vesting of share units or the exercise of stock options.Pursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 13 March 2023  delivered 240 ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €98.00). On the date hereof  the total number of issued and outstanding DSM ordinary shares is 173 146 977. As a consequence of the delivery included herein  the number of outstanding DSM ordinary shares increased by 0.0001%.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgSOURCE Royal DSM,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.1,0.64,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'outstanding DSM ordinary shares', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'English language version', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', 'global, purpose-led company', 'SOURCE Royal DSM', '240 ordinary shares', 'treasury shares', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'Sections 13 paragraphs', 'biedingen Wft', 'Danube AG', 'Exchange Offer', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable laws', 'Offering Circular', 'share units', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'press release', 'general release', 'equivalent number', 'total number', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'More information', 'provisions', 'connection', 'capital', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'publication', 'distribution', 'part', 'regulations', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'delivery', 'employees', 'view', 'vesting', 'commitments', '13 March', 'date', 'consequence', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'shareholders', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Logo']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,prnewswire.co.uk
20429,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-availability-of-the-2023-Universal-Registration-Document-the-annual-financial-rep-43233422/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,Societe Generale: availability of the 2023 Universal Registration Document  the annual financial report and the report on corporate governance,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASERegulated information Paris  13 March 2023 Availability of the 2023 Universal Registration Document  the annual financial report and the report on corporate governance Societe Generale hereby informs the public that the Frenc…,PRESS RELEASERegulated informationParis  13 March 2023Availability of the 2023 Universal Registration Document  the annual financial report and the report on corporate governanceSociete Generale hereby informs the public that the French version of the 2023 Universal Registration Document was filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) on 13 March 2023.The 2023 Universal Registration Document includes:• the 2022 annual financial report and• the report on corporate governance prepared by the Board of Directors  as well as the related Statutory Auditors’ findings.The annual financial report cross-reference table appears on page 675 of the Universal Registration Document.The report on corporate governance prepared by the Board of Directors  as well as the related Statutory Auditors’ findings  appear respectively on pages 69 to 160 and on page 628 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document.The 2023 Universal Registration Document is made available to the public  free of charge  in accordance with the conditions provided for by the regulations in force and may be consulted in the “Regulated information” section of the Company’s website (https://investors.societegenerale.com/en/financial-and-non-financial-information/regulated-information) and on the AMF’s website.Press contact:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets; Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['2023 Universal Registration Document', 'annual financial report', 'Societe Generale', 'corporate governance', 'availability', 'Crédit du Nord networks', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'leading European financial services groups', 'annual financial report cross-reference table', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'three complementary core businesses', 'Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'The 2023 Universal Registration Document', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', '2022 annual financial report', 'related Statutory Auditors', 'key international locations', 'French Retail Banking', 'International Retail Banking', 'innovative financial solutions', 'tailored financial solutions', 'integrated banking model', 'official Press Releases', '25 million individual clients', 'two Societe Generale', 'Inclusion Index', 'financial strength', 'Global Banking', 'French version', 'integrated solutions', 'advisory services', 'Investor Solutions', 'Press contact', 'specialised businesses', 'corporate governance', 'proven expertise', 'sustainable growth', 'positive transformations', 'sustainable future', 'real economy', 'solid position', 'daily basis', 'institutional investors', 'wide range', 'SG bank', 'full range', 'omnichannel products', 'cutting edge', 'recognised expertise', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'blockchain technology', 'The Group', 'Regulated information', 'investors.societegenerale', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'digital innovation', 'newsroom page', 'web page', 'Eastern Europe', 'Paris', '13 March', 'Availability', 'public', 'AMF', 'Board', 'Directors', 'findings', 'pages', 'charge', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'regulations', 'force', 'section', 'Company', 'website', 'financial-information', 'socgen', 'diversified', 'strategy', 'world', 'societies', 'economies', 'teams', 'day', '150 years', 'rest', '117,000 members', 'staff', '66 countries', 'merger', 'Boursorama', 'Insurance', 'Africa', 'Central', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'legitimacy', 'Twitter', 'Attachment']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20430,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIQUADRO-S-P-A-373104/news/Piquadro-S-p-A-325CS-Piquadro-buy-back-purchase-week-March-6-10-2023-43230459/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,Piquadro S p A : 325CS Piquadro buy back purchase week March 6 10 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   REPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OF   PIQUADRO S.P.A.   Silla di Gaggio Montano   March 13  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-back plan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the p…,Press releaseREPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OFPIQUADRO S.P.A.Silla di Gaggio Montano (BO)  March 13  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-back plan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the period from March 6th to March 10th  2023  it purchased no. 15 871 treasury shares for a total consideration of 28 681.90 Euro  as authorized by the shareholders' meeting on July 25th  2022  already disclosed pursuant to Art. 144-bis of Consob Regulation no. 11971/1999.Details of the daily transactions on the Euronext Milan are as follows:Number of ordinary Average price (Euro) Consideration Date shares purchased (Euro) 03/06/2023 2 364 1.8000 4 255.20 03/07/2023 3 770 1.8694 7 047.64 03/08/2023 2 791 1.8060 5 040.55 03/09/2023 2 966 1.7960 5 326.94 03/10/2023 3 980 1.7617 7 011.57 Total 15 871 1.8072 28 681.90Following the above purchases and considering the treasury shares already in portfolio  as of March 10th  2023 Piquadro S.p.A. holds no. 1 866 000 treasury shares  equal to 3.732% of the share capital.Piquadro GroupThe Piquadro Group operates in the sector of leather accessories through the Piquadro  The Bridge and Lancel brands. Cornerstones for the three brands is attention to details and the quality of the workmanship as well as the leather but the Piquadro product stands out for its innovative design and technological content  while The Bridge emphasizes the vintage flavor of Tuscan craftsmanship and finally the Lancel collections embody the Parisian allure of a fashion house founded in 1876.The origins of the Group date back to 1987 when Marco Palmieri  now President and Chief Executive Officer  founded his company near Bologna  where it is still headquartered. The distribution network extends over 50 countries around the world and counts 176 mono-brand stores including 81 Piquadro boutiques (53 in Italy and 28 abroad including 48 DOS directly operated stores and 33 franchised stores)  13 The Bridge boutiques (13 in Italy including 11 DOS directly operated stores and 2 franchised) and 82 Lancel boutiques (61 in France and 21 abroad  of which 75 DOS directly operated stores and 7 franchised). The Group's consolidated turnover for the year 2021/2022 ended on March 31  2022  is € 149 4 million. Piquadro S.p.A. has been listed on the Italian Stock Exchange since October 2007.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['Piquadro S', '325CS Piquadro', 'purchase', 'PIQUADRO S.P.A.', 'TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN', 'ordinary Average price', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'Consideration Date shares', 'The Piquadro Group', 'The Bridge boutiques', '81 Piquadro boutiques', '15,871 treasury shares', '1,866,000 treasury shares', 'Piquadro product', 'total consideration', '82 Lancel boutiques', 'The Group', 'Press release', 'Gaggio Montano', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'Consob Regulation', 'daily transactions', 'Euronext Milan', 'share capital', 'Lancel brands', 'three brands', 'innovative design', 'technological content', 'vintage flavor', 'Tuscan craftsmanship', 'Lancel collections', 'Parisian allure', 'fashion house', 'Marco Palmieri', 'distribution network', 'leather accessories', '176 mono-brand stores', '33 franchised stores', 'REPORT', 'Silla', 'March', 'reference', 'period', 'July', 'Art.', 'Details', 'Number', 'purchases', 'portfolio', 'sector', 'Cornerstones', 'attention', 'quality', 'workmanship', 'origins', 'President', 'company', 'Bologna', '50 countries', 'world', 'Italy', '48 DOS', '11 DOS', 'France', '75 DOS', 'turnover', 'year', 'October', '28']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20431,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/13/2626055/0/en/KBC-Ancora-completes-share-repurchase-programme.html,KBC Ancora completes share repurchase programme,Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  13 March 2023 (17.40 hrs CET)  KBC Ancora completes share repurchase programme  KBC Ancora announces......,English Dutch FrenchRegulated information  inside information  Leuven  13 March 2023 (17.40 hrs CET)KBC Ancora completes share repurchase programmeKBC Ancora announces that the share repurchase programme  which was launched on 10 June 2022  was completed on 13 March 2023.The programme involved the repurchase of shares to an amount of EUR 50 million. A total of 1 289 470 KBC Ancora shares were repurchased  representing 1.65% of the total number of shares in issue  for a total amount of EUR 49 999 961. The average purchase price was EUR 38.78 per share.The purpose of the share repurchase programme was to reduce the number of shares with dividend entitlement. The number of KBC Ancora shares with dividend entitlement has fallen from 78 301 314 shares before the repurchase programme to 77 011 844 after completion of the programme  due to cancellation of the dividend entitlement of the repurchased shares. This will have a positive influence on the future dividend per share.Following the share repurchase programme  KBC Ancora now holds 1.0066 KBC Group shares per KBC Ancora share with dividend entitlement issued by the company. This compares with 0.9900 shares prior to the start of the share repurchase programme.The repurchased shares are currently being held as treasury shares.Barring unforeseen circumstances  the Board of Directors of Almancora Société de gestion  statutory director of KBC Ancora  will propose to an Extraordinary General Meeting on 27 October 2023 that the repurchased shares be cancelled.During the final week of the repurchase programme (from 06 March 2023 to 13 March 2023 inclusive)  a total of 52 683 shares were repurchased at an average price of EUR 48.13 per share. All transactions were carried out in the central order book of Euronext Brussels.Transaction date Number of shares Average price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Total amount (EUR) Mon 6 March 2023 13 000 49.31 49.02 49.58 641 039.10 Tue 7 March 2023 9 000 48.61 48.18 49.58 437 471.10 Wed 8 March 2023 5 000 48.44 48.28 48.58 242 189.50 Thu 9 March 2023 6 500 48.33 48.24 48.52 314 147.60 Fri 10 March 2023 14 300 47.04 46.70 47.70 672 676.29 Mon 13 March 2023 4 883 46.66 44.54 47.22 227 848.10 TOTAL(period concerned) 52 683 48.13 44.54 49.58 2 535 371.69 TOTAL (overall repurchase program) 1 289 470 38.78 31.68 49.86 49 999 961.37---------------------------------KBC Ancora is a listed company which holds 18.6% of the shares in KBC Group and which together with Cera  MRBB and the Other Permanent Shareholders is responsible for the shareholder stability and further development of the KBC group. As core shareholders of KBC Group  these parties have signed a shareholder agreement to this effect.Financial calendar:1 September 2023 Annual press release for the financial year 2022/202326 September 2023 Annual Report for the financial year 2022/2023 available27 October 2023 General and Extraordinary General Meeting of ShareholdersThis press release is available in Dutch  French and English on the website www.kbcancora.be.KBC Ancora Investor Relations & Press contact: Jan BergmansTel.: +32 (0)16 27 96 72E-mail: jan.bergmans@kbcancora.be or mailbox@kbcancora.beAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['share repurchase programme', 'KBC Ancora', 'Almancora Société de gestion', 'KBC Ancora Investor Relations', 'central order book', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Other Permanent Shareholders', 'average purchase price', 'KBC Ancora share', 'Annual press release', 'share repurchase programme', '1.0066 KBC Group shares', 'English Dutch French', 'average price', 'Annual Report', 'Press contact', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'positive influence', 'future dividend', 'unforeseen circumstances', 'statutory director', 'final week', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Transaction date', 'shareholder stability', 'core shareholders', 'shareholder agreement', 'Financial calendar', 'financial year', 'Jan Bergmans', 'jan.bergmans', 'Regulated information', 'listed company', 'treasury shares', 'total amount', 'total number', '78,301,314 shares', '0.9900 shares', '683 shares', 'Leuven', 'March', '10 June', 'issue', 'purpose', 'entitlement', 'completion', 'cancellation', 'start', 'Board', 'Directors', '27 October', 'transactions', 'Mon', 'Tue', 'Wed', 'period', 'Cera', 'MRBB', 'development', 'parties', 'effect', '1 September', '26 September', 'website', 'kbcancora', 'Tel.', 'mail', 'Attachment', '52', '32']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,globenewswire.com
20432,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FERRARI-N-V-25600249/news/FERRARI-N-V-PERIODIC-REPORT-ON-THE-BUYBACK-PROGRAM-43232632/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,FERRARI N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM,(marketscreener.com)  Maranello   March 13  2023 – Ferrari N.V. informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approxima…,Maranello (Italy)  March 13  2023 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Second Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as follows:EXM NYSE Total Trading Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Date excluding fees excluding fees excluding fees (d/m/y) (€) (€) ($) ($) (€)* (€)* (€)* 06/03/2023 4 335 255.4411 1 107 337.17 - - - - 4 335 255.4411 1 107 337.17 07/03/2023 4 315 256.5283 1 106 919.61 - - - - 4 315 256.5283 1 106 919.61 08/03/2023 4 340 255.0582 1 106 952.59 - - - - 4 340 255.0582 1 106 952.59 09/03/2023 4 380 252.8453 1 107 462.41 6 276 265.3567 1 665 378.65 1 577 959.68 10 656 252.0103 2 685 422.09 10/03/2023 4 450 248.7218 1 106 812.01 9 689 261.7871 2 536 455.21 2 396 046.87 14 139 247.7445 3 502 858.88 21 820 253.6885 5 535 483.79 15 965 263.1903 4 201 833.86 3 974 006.55 37 785 251.6737 9 509 490.34 Total(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Second Tranche till March 10  2023  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 79 168 368.77 for No. 351 648 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 16 293 414.59 (Euro 15 369 516.46*) for No. 68 715 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of March 10  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 12 247 992 common shares equal to 4.77% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since July 1  2022 until March 10  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 1 194 100 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 245 263 564.94.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['FERRARI N.V.', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'THE', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', 'EXM NYSE Total Trading Number', '200 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'Ferrari N.V.', 'No. 351,648 common shares', 'No. 68,715 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'share capital', '247,992 common shares', 'second tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'Maranello', 'Italy', 'March', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'December', 'line', 'disclosure', 'fees', 'Date', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'July', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'details', 'Attachment', '1,194,100']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20433,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-Report-form-for-28-02-2023-43232929/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,Societe Generale : Report form for 28/02/2023,(marketscreener.com)   SOCIETE GENERALE: NUMBER OF SHARES COMPOSING CURRENT SHARE CAPITAL AND TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AS OF 28/02/2023   Regulated Information   Paris  13 March 2023   Information about the total number of voting rights and sh…,Information about the total number of voting rights and shares pursuant to Article L.233- 8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the AMF General Regulations.Press contact:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world's societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation; International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale's newsroom pagewhere official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document's legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegeneraleor visit our website societegenerale.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.45,0.54,True,English,"['Societe Generale', 'Report form', '28/02', 'Crédit du Nord networks', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'leading European financial services groups', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'three complementary core businesses', 'Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'French Commercial Code', 'AMF General Regulations', 'key international locations', 'French Retail Banking', 'International Retail Banking', 'official Press Releases', 'integrated banking model', 'innovative financial solutions', 'tailored financial solutions', '25 million individual clients', 'two Societe Generale', 'Inclusion Index', 'Global Banking', 'integrated solutions', 'financial strength', 'advisory services', 'Investor Solutions', 'Press contact', 'specialised businesses', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'proven expertise', 'sustainable growth', 'positive transformations', 'sustainable future', 'real economy', 'solid position', 'daily basis', 'institutional investors', 'wide range', 'SG bank', 'full range', 'omnichannel products', 'cutting edge', 'recognised expertise', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'newsroom pagewhere', 'blockchain technology', 'web page', 'digital innovation', 'Article L.', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'The Group', 'Eastern Europe', 'Information', 'shares', 'Rouby', 'diversified', 'strategy', 'world', 'societies', 'economies', 'teams', 'day', '150 years', 'rest', '117,000 members', 'staff', '66 countries', 'merger', 'Boursorama', 'Insurance', 'Africa', 'Central', 'markets', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'document', 'legitimacy', 'Twitter', 'societegeneraleor', 'website']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20434,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDP-ENERGIAS-DE-PORTUGA-5819/news/EDP-Energias-de-Portugal-S-A-informs-Item-1-of-the-Agenda-of-the-General-Shareholders-Meeting-43234086/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,EDP - Energias de Portugal  S.A. informs: Item 1 of the Agenda of the General Shareholders Meeting - Resolve on the approval of the individual and consolidated accounts reporting documents for 2022 - Integrated Annual Report - Unofficial Version - Unaudited,(marketscreener.com)      Integrated Annual Report 2022     We Choose Earth                  ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDP-ENERGIAS-DE-PORTUGA-5819/news/EDP-Energias-de-Portugal-S-A-informs-Item-1-of-the-Agenda-…,"This reportEDP - Energias de Portugal  S.A. (""EDP"")  has its head office in Lisbon  Avenida 24 de Julho 12 and its shares listed on the Euronext Lisbon stock exchange. The group's businesses are currently focused on the generation  transmission  distribution and supply of electricity and supply of natural gas. Although complementary  the group also operates in related areas such as engineering  laboratory tests  professional training  energy services and property management.EDP operates essentially in the European  American and APAC energy sectors.In 2022  EDP publishes  for the first time  an Integrated Annual Report  which includes  in the same document: its strategy  operational and sustainability performance  financial statements  corporate governance and remunerations report.The Integrated Annual Report is prepared in accordance with the provisions set out on Portuguese Companies Code and Securities Code and in compliance with the provisions set out on CMVM's Regulations no. 4/2013 and no. 5/2008  concerning Corporate Governance and Disclosure Requirements of the publicly traded companies and under the terms of the Corporate Governance Code of the Portuguese Corporate Governance Institute  revised in 2020.Its sustainability performance is prepared in accordance with the standards of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI Standards) and with the Directive 2014/95/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 22nd October 2014  that is  disclosure under article 66-B and approval by the general meeting under article 65  both of the Commercial Companies Code. Additionally  follows other voluntary regulatory reporting frameworks  namely the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)  the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and the Portuguese Securities Market Commission (CMVM).The financial statements presented in the report are prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standardsº (IFRS) º adopted in the European Union. Thus  under the combined terms of articles 29. G and 29. L of the Portuguese Securities Code  the documents included in this Report were prepared in the ESEF Format and in accordance with the specifications provided for by the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2018/815 of 17 17th December 2018  and in accordance with the subsequent amendments  also taking into",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['consolidated accounts reporting documents', 'General Shareholders Meeting', 'Integrated Annual Report', 'Energias de', 'S.A.', 'Unofficial Version', 'EDP', 'Portugal', 'Item', 'Agenda', 'Resolve', 'approval', 'individual', 'Unaudited', '2022', 'other voluntary regulatory reporting frameworks', 'Euronext Lisbon stock exchange', 'Portuguese Securities Market Commission', 'International Financial Reporting Standardsº', 'Sustainability Accounting Standards Board', 'The Integrated Annual Report', 'Portuguese Corporate Governance Institute', 'Global Reporting Initiative', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'Portuguese Securities Code', 'Avenida 24 de Julho', 'Climate-related Financial Disclosures', 'Portuguese Companies Code', 'APAC energy sectors', 'Corporate Governance Code', 'Commercial Companies Code', 'financial statements', 'GRI Standards', 'sustainability performance', 'energy services', 'S.A.', 'head office', 'natural gas', 'related areas', 'laboratory tests', 'professional training', 'property management', 'European, American', 'first time', 'same document', 'remunerations report', 'European Parliament', '22nd October', 'general meeting', 'Task Force', 'European Union', 'ESEF Format', '17 17th December', 'subsequent amendments', 'Disclosure Requirements', 'combined terms', 'EDP', 'Energias', 'Portugal', 'shares', 'group', 'businesses', 'generation', 'transmission', 'distribution', 'supply', 'electricity', 'engineering', 'strategy', 'operational', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'compliance', 'CMVM', 'Regulations', 'Directive', 'Council', 'article', 'approval', 'TCFD', 'SASB', 'IFRS', 'documents', 'specifications']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20435,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AB-SCIENCE-6133795/news/AB-Science-reports-a-first-complete-bone-marrow-response-in-a-relapsed-refractory-acute-myeloid-leuk-43233028/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,AB Science reports a first complete bone marrow response in a relapsed refractory acute myeloid leukemia patient from the very low dose arm of its AB8939 Phase I/II clinical trial (AB18001),(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE AB SCIENCE REPORTS A FIRST COMPLETE BONE MARROW RESPONSE IN A RELAPSED REFRACTORY ACUTE MYELOID LEUKEMIA PATIENT FROM THE VERY LOW DOSE ARM OF ITS AB8939 PHASE I/II CLINICAL TRIAL AB SCIENCE WILL HOST A LIVE WEBCAST ON ITS N…,"PRESS RELEASEAB SCIENCE REPORTS A FIRST COMPLETE BONE MARROW RESPONSE IN A RELAPSED REFRACTORY ACUTE MYELOID LEUKEMIA (AML) PATIENT FROM THE VERY LOW DOSE ARM OF ITS AB8939 PHASE I/II CLINICAL TRIAL (AB18001)AB SCIENCE WILL HOST A LIVE WEBCAST ON ITS NEW MICROTUBULE PLATFORM ON THURSDAY MARCH 16  2023  FROM 6PM TO 7PM CETParis  13 March  2023  6pm CETAB Science SA (Euronext – FR0010557264 – AB) today announces a case report from the initial stage of its Phase I/II study (AB18001) evaluating AB8939  a microtubule destabilizer  in patients with refractory and relapsed acute myeloid leukemia (AML).The AML patient in question was in failure to prior treatment with azacitidine and presented with a MECOM gene rearrangement  which is a biomarker for resistance to standard chemotherapies that is associated with a high-risk of disease progression and inferior prognosis.One month after the first treatment cycle (i.e.  three consecutive days of AB8939 treatment) there was a drastic reduction in bone marrow blast cells (i.e.  leukemia cells)  from a pretreatment level of 55% to 5% (i.e.  a morphologic leukemia free state). Remarkably  this response was achieved at a very low dose of AB8939  corresponding to the second step of dose increment (out of 13 potential steps) in phase I. The patient also showed excellent tolerance to AB8939  having experienced no treatment-related toxicities. At the request of the investigator  AB Science has authorized further treatment cycles of AB8939 to this patient. One month after the second treatment cycle of three consecutive days at this dose  a good response has been maintained with bone marrow blasts being at 10% (corresponding to a 5-fold reduction relative to baseline). A third treatment cycle for this patient has been initiated.Considering the overall study to date  there have been no signs of moderate  severe or serious toxicity and approximately 50% of patients have requested further treatment cycles of AB8939 after the first cycle of treatment and a measurement at day 28.Dr Pau Montesinos  hematologist at the La Fe University Hospital and coordinator of the Spanish group of acute myeloblastic leukemia (PETHEMA)  said “It is remarkable that we rapidly observed a response in what is typically a difficult-to-treat patient population of refractory AML. We observe a clear blast count reduction for this patient and excellent tolerance so far. It is all the more noteworthy because the initial disappearance of leukemic cells was obtained after only 3 days of AB8939 treatment at a very low dose  with a good response maintained after a second 3-day cycle at this dose.”Professor Olivier Hermine  MD  President of the Scientific Committee of AB Science and member of the Académie des Sciences in France said “This preliminary clinical data provides the most encouraging signs to date that AB8939 may be well-suited for treatment of high-risk relapsed/refractory AML. AML is a serious life-threatening condition and the most common cause of leukemia-related mortality  in large part because patients develop chemoresistance to existing frontline AML drugs.”AML represents a heterogeneous group of diseases with different responses to treatment  which can be separated by genetic abnormalities. Overexpression of MECOM occurs in approximately 10% of AML patients and is associated with a poor prognosis  in part due to its important role in the maintenance of leukemic stem cells (LSCs) [1]. Because of their quiescent (inactive) state  LSCs are not targeted by any antimitotic chemotherapy and can therefore re-establish the disease after therapy.AB8939 treatment of this AML subpopulation is the subject matter of a provisional patent application filed by AB Science.Study AB18001 is titled ‘A Phase 1/2 Study to Assess the Safety  Pharmacokinetics  and Efficacy of Daily Intravenous AB8939 in patients with Relapsed/Refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia’. The study has a multi-stage design. The first part is a dose escalation study that aims to determine the safety and tolerability of intravenous AB8939 in patients with refractory or relapsed AML or patients with refractory myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS)  and to determine the recommended dose for the second-stage dose expansion study. This dose expansion study aims to determine the schedule for a Phase 2 trial in patients with relapsed/refractory AML and to also provide an early efficacy (response rate) assessment of AB8939.AB Science has developed an in-house  proprietary  platform of new generation synthetic microtubule destabilizer agents (MDA). To date  two of these MDAs have entered its drug development pipeline. AB8939 is being developed for hematological malignancies and is at the early clinical trials stage. A second  orally administered MDA is being developed for oncology indications  and is starting regulatory preclinical studies  which are required to initiate phase 1 clinical trials.AB Science will host a live webcast on Thursday March 16  2023  from 6pm to 7pm CET  to present in further detail the synthetic microtubule destabilizers platform and the on-going phase 1/2 with AB8939. Login details for this live webcast will be provided later.About AB8939AB8939 is a new synthetic microtubule-destabilizing drug. Preclinical data show that AB8939 has broad anticancer activity [2-4]  with a notable advantage over standard chemotherapies that target microtubules of being able to overcome P-glycoprotein (Pgp) and myeloperoxidase (MPO) mediated drug resistance. Development of drug resistance often restricts the clinical efficacy of microtubule-targeting chemotherapy drugs (for example  taxanes and vinca alkaloids); thus  AB8939 has strong potential to be developed in numerous oncology indications.AB8939 was granted orphan drug designation for AML from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).AB8939 was entirely discovered by the laboratories of AB Science  which retains full ownership of intellectual rights  and is an example of AB Science’s focus on innovative drug development focused on improving patients’ lives.The first indication AB8939 is being developed for is acute myeloid leukemia (AML). Cytarabine (Ara-C) and azacytidine are standard chemotherapies for AML treatment  however  drug resistance is a major limitation to successful therapy. In vivo data from a highly resistant Ara-C patient derived xenograft (PDX) mouse model showed that AB8939  administered alone or in combination with Ara-C  increased survival relative to single agent Ara-C  with an accompanying significant reduction of blasts in blood and decrease in tumor growth. Further evidence of therapeutic potential was demonstrated using an azacytidine resistant PDX model with AB8939  administered alone or in combination with azacytidine  showing a significant reduction of blasts relative to single agent azacytidine. Moreover  while azacytidine was associated with strong treatment related hematotoxicity  AB8939 did not induce hematotoxicity throughout its 4-week treatment period.References[1] Paubelle E  Plesa A  Hayette S  et al. Efficacy of All-Trans-Retinoic Acid in High-Risk Acute Myeloid Leukemia with Overexpression of EVI1. Oncol Ther. 2019;7(2):121-130. Doi:10.1007/s40487-019-0095-9[2] Goubard A  Humbert M  Mansfield C  Hermine O  Dubreuil P  et al. In Vivo Assessment of the Next Generation Microtubule-Destabilizing Agent AB8939 in Patient-derived Xenograft Models of Acute Myeloid Leukemia. Blood (2019) 134 (Supplement_1): 5142. doi.org/10.1182/blood-2019-127143[3] Goubard A  Humbert M  Mansfield C  Hermine O  Dubreuil P  et al. AB8939  a Microtubule-DestabilizingAgent with Potential to Overcome Multidrug Resistance  is Active Across the Range (M0–M7) of Acute Myeloid Leukemia Subtypes. Blood (2019) 134 (Supplement_1): 5154. doi.org/10.1182/blood-2019-127021[4] Humbert M  Goubard A  Mansfield C  Hermine O  Dubreuil P  et al. Anticancer Activity of a Highly Potent Small Molecule Tubulin Polymerization Inhibitor  AB8939. Blood (2019) 134 (Supplement_1): 2075. doi.org/10.1182/blood-2019-122540About acute myeloid leukemia (AML)Acute myeloid leukemia (AML) is a serious  life-threating condition and the most common cause of leukemia-related mortality  with a majority of patients facing a highly unsatisfactory prognosis. As such  AML represents an unmet medical need  with limited therapeutic options for patients who are refractory or too frail to benefit from potentially curative but highly toxic treatment  or for those patients that have relapsed following a first complete response. The prevalence of AML in western countries is around 1 per 5 000 persons  corresponding to around 100 000 cases in Europe and 60 000 in the USA. Among AML patients  it is estimated that approximately 50% of the patients will not have stem cell transplantation and will relapse. Therefore  the estimated targeted population of AB8938 in AML is around 80 000 people in Europe and the US.About AB ScienceFounded in 2001  AB Science is a pharmaceutical company specializing in the research  development and commercialization of protein kinase inhibitors (PKIs)  a class of targeted proteins whose action are key in signaling pathways within cells. Our programs target only diseases with high unmet medical needs  often lethal with short term survival or rare or refractory to previous line of treatment.AB Science has developed a proprietary portfolio of molecules and the Company’s lead compound  masitinib  has already been registered for veterinary medicine and is developed in human medicine in oncology  neurological diseases  inflammatory diseases and viral diseases. The company is headquartered in Paris  France  and listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: AB).Further information is available on AB Science’s website:www.ab-science.com.Forward-looking Statements - AB ScienceThis press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates as well as the assumptions on which they are based  statements based on projects  objectives  intentions and expectations regarding financial results  events  operations  future services  product development and their potential or future performance.These forward-looking statements can often be identified by the words ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""intend""  ""estimate"" or ""plan"" as well as other similar terms. While AB Science believes these forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of AB Science and which may imply that results and actual events significantly differ from those expressed  induced or anticipated in the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include the uncertainties related to product development of the Company which may not be successful or to the marketing authorizations granted by competent authorities or  more generally  any factors that may affect marketing capacity of the products developed by AB Science  as well as those developed or identified in the public documents published by AB Science. AB Science disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update the forward-looking information and statements  subject to the applicable regulations  in particular articles 223-1 et seq. of the AMF General Regulations.For additional information  please contact:AB ScienceFinancial Communication & Media Relationsinvestors@ab-science.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,mixed,0.36,0.04,0.6,True,English,"['first complete bone marrow response', 'refractory acute myeloid leukemia patient', 'AB8939 Phase I/II clinical trial', 'low dose arm', 'AB Science', 'new generation synthetic microtubule destabilizer agents', 'early efficacy (response rate) assessment', 'FIRST COMPLETE BONE MARROW RESPONSE', 'La Fe University Hospital', 'AB8939 PHASE I/II CLINICAL TRIAL', 'bone marrow blast cells', 'early clinical trials stage', 'clear blast count reduction', 'morphologic leukemia free state', 'existing frontline AML drugs', 'VERY LOW DOSE ARM', 'second-stage dose expansion study', 'Refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia', 'NEW MICROTUBULE PLATFORM', 'bone marrow blasts', 'synthetic microtubule destabilizers', 'phase 1 clinical trials', 'preliminary clinical data', 'Phase I/II study', 'quiescent (inactive) state', 'acute myeloblastic leukemia', 'Dr Pau Montesinos', 'Professor Olivier Hermine', 'provisional patent application', 'house, proprietary, platform', 'drug development pipeline', 'regulatory preclinical studies', 'serious life-threatening condition', 'Phase 1/2 Study', 'second 3-day cycle', 'three consecutive days', 'refractory myelodysplastic syndrome', 'leukemic stem cells', 'RELAPSED REFRACTORY ACUTE', 'MECOM gene rearrangement', 'first treatment cycle', 'third treatment cycle', 'dose escalation study', 'second treatment cycle', 'Daily Intravenous AB8939', 'AB Science SA', 'high-risk relapsed/refractory AML', 'Phase 2 trial', 'first cycle', 'leukemia cells', 'leukemic cells', 'initial stage', 'first part', 'drastic reduction', 'second step', 'good response', '5-fold reduction', 'overall study', 'serious toxicity', 'relapsed AML', 'dose increment', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'LIVE WEBCAST', 'case report', 'prior treatment', 'standard chemotherapies', 'inferior prognosis', 'pretreatment level', '13 potential steps', 'excellent tolerance', 'treatment-related toxicities', 'treatment cycles', 'moderate, severe', 'Spanish group', 'initial disappearance', 'Scientific Committee', 'common cause', 'leukemia-related mortality', 'heterogeneous group', 'different responses', 'genetic abnormalities', 'poor prognosis', 'important role', 'antimitotic chemotherapy', 'AML subpopulation', 'subject matter', 'multi-stage design', 'hematological malignancies', 'oncology indications', 'AB8939 treatment', 'large part', '7PM CET', 'disease progression', 'encouraging signs', 'AML) PATIENT', 'AML patient', 'patient population', 'THURSDAY MARCH', '3 days', '13 March', 'patients', 'ITS', '6PM', 'Paris', 'Euronext', 'question', 'failure', 'biomarker', 'resistance', 'request', 'investigator', 'baseline', 'date', 'measurement', 'hematologist', 'coordinator', 'PETHEMA', 'MD', 'President', 'member', 'Sciences', 'France', 'diseases', 'Overexpression', 'maintenance', 'LSCs', 'Safety', 'Pharmacokinetics', 'tolerability', 'schedule', 'detail']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20436,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DISRUPTIVE-CAPITAL-ACQUIS-127886492/news/DISRUPTIVE-CAPITAL-ACQUISITION-COMPANY-LIMITED-ldquo-DCAC-rdquo-or-the-ldquo-Company-rdquo-Opt-43227385/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED (“DCAC” or the “Company”) Option for DCAC to acquire the entire issued share capital of Global InterConnection Group SA,(marketscreener.com) DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED Option for DCAC to acquire the entire issued share capital of Global InterConnection Group SA in respect ofDCAC Shareholders and DCAC Public Warrant Holders 13 March 2023 THIS PRESS RELEASE C…,"DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED (“DCAC” or the “Company”) Option for DCAC to acquire the entire issued share capital of Global InterConnection Group SA 03/13/2023 | 03:02am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED (“DCAC” or the “Company”) Option for DCAC to acquire the entire issued share capital of Global InterConnection Group SA in respect ofDCAC Shareholders (ISIN Code GG00BMB5XZ39) andDCAC Public Warrant Holders (ISIN Code GG00BMB5XY22) 13 March 2023 THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIES OR MAY HAVE QUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EU MARKET ABUSE REGULATION. NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. ANY FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THESE RESTRICTIONS MAY CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS The proposed Business Combination DCAC announced proposals to form the Advanced Cables Business Combination in the press release issued by the Company on 20th February 2023. The DCAC Board has now decided to expedite the proposals  and DCAC has therefore agreed an exclusive option to acquire the holding company of Advanced Cables  Global InterConnection Group SA (“GIG” or the “Target”). Besides Advanced Cables  GIG is also the holding company of ASC Energy Limited. It is intended that DCAC will be renamed ""Global InterConnection Group Limited"" on completion of the Business Combination. If the Business Combination is agreed and approved  the DCAC Shareholders who are verified as being members of DCAC on a date to be set by the DCAC Board (the “Record Date”) and so being eligible for voting at an extraordinary general meeting of DCAC (the “EGM to be convened in connection with the Business Combination”) will receive a special distribution of £8.50 inflation-linked sustainable loan notes (“ILSLNs”)  at the rate of one ILSLN per DCAC Ordinary Share (the “Special Distribution”). The ‘green bond’ ILSLNs are to be listed on The International Stock Exchange in Guernsey; and further ILSLNs are then expected to be placed with institutional investors at par. The Special Distribution will also be made to DCAC Public Warrant Holders following exercise of their DCAC Public Warrants. DCAC intends to amend the terms and conditions of the Warrants to facilitate immediate exercise at completion of the Business Combination. Possible Impact on DCAC Shareholders It should be highlighted that the DCAC Sponsor’s valuation analysis has not been audited  there is no guarantee that the fair value estimate is correct  that the estimates of DCAC/GIG shares in future issue  the treatment of ineligible Tenders under the Repurchase Offer has been fully reflected herein  nor  in particular  that the DCAC/GIG shares will trade on Euronext Amsterdam at these levels or any other level. Assuming completion of the Business Combination  analysis would imply after dilution from a reduced DCAC Sponsor Promote (as defined and set out below) and from the exercise of 66% of the DCAC Public Warrants  the pro forma combined calculations would give: Value on BC Price on BC: £20.00 / share Special Distribution: £8.50 a share in ILSLNs Enterprise value of: £445m Value/Share Equity post dilution £19.15/share fully diluted ILSLN £ 3.55/share Combined £22.70/share GIG’s valuation analysis suggests that the proposed GIG acquisition would have a fair value in the region of £556 million  based on comparable multiples and discounted cashflows. Importantly only the basis on those illustrative assumptions  the pro forma calculations  together with anticipated cash and ILSLN issuance  would give: 'Fair Value of GIG Enterprise value of £606m Pro forma Equity £28.00/share value/share ILSLN £ 3.50/share fully diluted Combined £31.50/share Anticipated dividends 4% p.a. of Issue Price  from H2 2024  £0.80/share Steps towards creating Transaction Certainty Transaction certainty has been enhanced  on both sides  by GIG granting DCAC a binding and exclusive option to acquire the entire issued share capital of GIG for a consideration of approximately £330 million1 (the “Option”). Under the terms of the Option  this consideration will be settled  subject to DCAC Shareholder approval of the proposed Business Combination  with approximately £300 million of DCAC Ordinary Shares  comprising those to be sold and transferred out of treasury and those newly issued at £20.00 per DCAC Ordinary Share; together with approximately £30 million of ILSLNs  issued at par  in both cases subject to the conditions below including the approval of the DCAC Shareholders at a forthcoming EGM. Following their experience with the failed putative Business Combination with Saxo Bank A/S  the DCAC Board has agreed to the Option in order to minimise the risk of the Company incurring considerable costs pursuing a Business Combination; and for its DCAC Shareholders and DCAC Warrant Holders to incur time and cost examining the proposals  only for the transaction not to proceed due to the Target and/or its shareholders deciding to withdraw. The GIG board was similarly concerned lest they enter into an agreement that would similarly cause them to incur costs and expense  considerable management time  and above all reputational risks and exposure  without having as much certainty as possible. Whilst it is the intention for DCAC to acquire directly the shareholdings of the GIG shareholders  to further deliver certainty of outcome  the Target has agreed under the terms of the Option that in the event that it cannot deliver good title to 100% of its shares  DCAC has the option to acquire the intermediary holding company and thus secure 100% of the business and assets  on the same terms. In connection with the Business Combination  the DCAC Sponsor has agreed to vote its DCAC Ordinary Shares and DCAC Sponsor Shares in favour of the Business Combination. On the date of this Release  DCAC has made a preliminary estimate2 that the DCAC Sponsor would hold more than 50% of the voting rights by way of DCAC Ordinary Shares and DCAC Sponsor Shares  taking into account the anticipated  but uncertain  effect of the Repurchase Tender Offer and the Stub Tender Offer  and noting that there are still ineligible tenders extant under the Repurchase Tender Offer. As at the date of this Release  certain other DCAC Shareholders  together holding what is estimated amounts to approximately 93% of the voting rights in aggregate  tendered or sought to tender their DCAC Ordinary Shares for repurchase under the Repurchase Tender Offer and  under the Stub Tender Offer  have either tendered or informed DCAC of their intention to tender their DCAC Ordinary Shares; and more tenders are thought likely to be made. Accordingly  it is more likely than not that the necessary DCAC Shareholder approval for the Business Combination will be received. Background DCAC has been in extensive and fruitful negotiations with the board and key shareholders of GIG and its divisional executive management and is now entering into the Option to acquire GIG. The GIG board believes the Business Combination will serve GIG well by giving it greater access to investment capital and diversification of the current shareholder base. A diversified shareholder base provides for a strong foundation for executing the GIG group's strategy and potentially leveraging DCAC's and other shareholders' background  network and know-how to further grow the GIG group's credibility and geographical reach. A listing on Euronext Amsterdam will further create flexibility in the ownership structure  adding governance enhancements to already impeccable environmental and social credentials  and provide an avenue for sourcing ‘sustainable capital’ funding and raise the public profile of GIG. DCAC believes the Business Combination will provide a platform to build a renewable energy group comprising high voltage direct current (""HVDC"") cable manufacturing  interconnectors  and ancillary services. The DCAC Board considers that these markets support and benefit from the global tailwinds of energy security and decarbonisation initiatives. The supply of HVDC cable is crucial to many interconnector  offshore wind and grid upgrade projects. The supply shortages of HVDC cables represent a hurdle to the energy transition and so should lead long-term revenues at high margins; and so provide an attractive opportunity for DCAC to invest in the development of new HVDC manufacturing capacity via the Business Combination. Interconnectors are growing in number and importance  are widely regarded as a key component of decarbonisation and energy security  and directly benefit from higher power prices. The Business Combination offers DCAC the opportunity for income from operating interconnectors and capital appreciation from interconnector development projects. The proliferation of interconnectors and grid upgrades also represents an opportunity for the provision of design  planning and operational consultancy services to such projects. The combination of cable manufacturing  interconnector ownership  and related consultancy services offers scope for cross-selling and vertical integration. It is a strategic objective of GIG to use the expertise  cable supply capacity and market knowledge of the divisions  harnessed with access to capital  in order to buy  build and transform a portfolio of interconnectors  both operating assets and projects in development. The Target GIG currently comprises two existing assets: 100% of Advanced Cables Limited (""Advanced Cables"") and 99% of ASC Energy Limited (""ASC"" or ""Atlantic SuperConnection"")  that represent a strong foundation for its strategy. Advanced Cables is developing a 1 500 km/year capacity HVDC cable manufacturing and armouring facility. Having carried out a detailed site selection process across three countries  DCRE expects the UK factory to be located in Teesside  in the North East of England  (the ""Teesside Factory"") to offer both deep water port access and a highly attractive tax and permitting regime. The Teesside Factory  due to come into full operation in 2025  is expected to create over 800 jobs  support dozens of renewable energy projects globally  and make Britain a world-leader in the manufacture and export of HVDC cable. The local authorities and regional development institutions have given Advanced Cables their strong support in areas such as site acquisition  planning  labour force training  and have emphasised the benefits of the Teesside Factory being located in a freeport. It is anticipated the Teesside Factory will be operated and part-owned in joint venture with a world leading HVDC manufacturer. Advanced Cables is looking to finalise terms shortly with its preferred partner and then move into the construction phase. Advanced Cables was led to expect on 20 February 2023 that it should be eligible for UK government support from  inter alia  regional development grants and from UK Export Finance. The UK Department of International Trade has recently demonstrated support for Advanced Cables’ plans  by engaging with the preferred manufacturing partner to help secure their involvement with government incentives. In addition  Advanced Cables expects to create an aluminium stranding factory; and a testing and research centre in Iceland  in order to support the Teesside Factory and further enhance the substantial economic benefits offered by GIG to Iceland. Aluminium stranding – the core of HVDC cables - manufacturing is planned to be situated in Stromsvik (“Stromsvik Factory”). The site enjoys deep water access and has the infrastructure already in place to handle heavy materials  since it is adjacent to an ageing aluminium smelter that is expected to close in the next decade. The Stromsvik Factory is expected to create several hundred jobs and give Iceland significant added economic value from its production of aluminium  which is largely exported in ingot form at present. The Advanced Cables Testing and Research Centre  to be based near Keflavik  is expected to create some 40 jobs  largely in highly skilled scientific and engineering roles. It is intended to support Advanced Cables and its customers in the continual improvement of the product and its performance  effectiveness and usage. Once the Advanced Cables Factory is completed  this will enable GIG to provide expedited HVDC cable supply to Atlantic SuperConnection and such other interconnector projects as it may acquire. Moreover  the possession of scarce HDVC cable manufacturing capacity is likely to give GIG an advantage when originating and negotiating interconnector and consultancy business opportunities; and deploying capital to invest into interconnector projects. Atlantic SuperConnection is developing a 1 638km bi-pole interconnector between Iceland and the United Kingdom with a capacity of up to 1.8GW. It has achieved significant progress to date  including the confirmation of technical feasibility via extensive studies  the completion of a seabed route survey to confirm the optimal route  and the signing of a connection agreement with the UK National Grid to come in force in 2028/29. ASC offers DCAC a unique entry point into the interconnector industry. Most interconnectors are two-way and link two energy networks with fluctuating supply and demand. As such the directional flow of energy via the interconnector  and the revenue it generates therefrom  depends on the relative energy surplus or shortage of the two countries at any one time. In contrast  ASC will connect Iceland – an isolated grid with an economical and dependable energy supply from geothermal and hydroelectric generation – with the UK  a grid facing severe supply shortages and sharp price fluctuations  in need of zero carbon baseload and dispatchable power to fill the role historically played by hydrocarbons. In connecting two energy markets with highly asymmetrical supply-demand dynamics  ASC expects energy transmission to be predominantly one way from Iceland to the UK  and so generate more predictable revenues underpinned by long-term power purchase agreements  typically with prices linked to UK inflation rates. However  ASC intends to use the periods of surplus wind generation in the UK to send electricity to Iceland to power pumped storage into existing hydroelectric facilities  in effect creating a highly efficient battery  with the power to be returned to the UK in times of shortage and high marginal prices. Furthermore  the development and construction of this project supported by GIG's Advanced Cables and ancillary services  and harnessing capital by GIG  of which the proposed Business Combination is intended to improve access  is expected to serve as a significant demonstration to the interconnector market of GIG's integrated capabilities. Proposed GIG board DCAC's leadership team currently comprises executive directors: Edmund Truell (Chief Executive Officer)  non-executive directors: Wolf Becke (Chair/Independent Non-Executive Director) and Roger Le Tissier (Non-Executive Director) and special advisers: Kari Stadigh  Dimitri Goulandris and Luke Webster. If the Business Combination is approved  then the DCAC board has extended an invitation to join the GIG supervisory board as non-executive directors to the economic adviser to the Icelandic Government; an industry leader from a global interconnector operator; and Luke Webster joining to bring his infrastructure investment experience as Chief Investment Officer of the Greater London Authority and so overseeing Transport for London and Crossrail; and to senior advisers from the cable and energy sector. Wolf Becke  now aged 76  will be retiring as Chair and non-executive director of DCAC; and Edmund Truell will take on the Chair  with an industry leader from the global interconnector and grid sector expected to be appointed as CEO in due course. Executive Management and Advisers GIG’s subsidiaries are led by Ian Drew  Executive Chairman and Matthew Truell  Chief Technical Officer  with financial matters overseen by Henry Tilbury and Julien Fournier  and marketing and political relations by Chrissie Boyle (UK) and Fridjon Fridjonsson (Iceland). Jennie Younger is an independent non-executive director. Noting the conflicts of interests  DCAC has reviewed the reports and records of Advanced Cables and of ASC Energy  many of which have been produced by external consultants  conducted interviews with them and has relied on those reports and interviews. In September 2022  GIG entered into a partnership with RTE International (""RTEi"")  the consultancy arm of the French transmission system operator RTE. This saw RTEi appointed as ASC's owner's engineer for the completion of the development stage  with RTEi take options over up to 0.92% of the equity in order to promote alignment. RTEi and its parent are among the world's major interconnector consultancies and owner-operators respectively  bringing significant expertise and experience to the ASC project. GIG already has in place a full suite of energy market  cable manufacturing and transmission infrastructure advisers  including Afry  Red Penguin  Powershore and AECOM as well as RTEi. They have provided power price models; economic impact studies; technical feasibility reports  their detailed benefit of their experience of working on most of the current European projects and operating interconnectors; and of designing and building HVDC factories. These advisers are under contract to GIG and / or its subsidiaries. In compiling this offer  DCAC has reviewed their reports and conducted interviews with them and has relied on those reports and interviews. Noting the conflicts of interests  DCAC has taken further comfort from the verification work conducted on behalf of Long Term Assets  a shareholder in GIG  including an historical audit report  historical asset valuation procedures and extensive legal due diligence conducted in the production of a wide-ranging Long Term Assets prospectus submitted to the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and then submitted in near-final draft to the Financial Conduct Authority as regulator of the London Stock Exchange. It has further noted that Herbert Smith Freehills is the UK regulatory adviser to ASC Energy in respect of seeking exemptions from OfGem from the application of material UK electricity market regulations. DCAC has invited JP Morgan to act as formal adviser to the business and  in particular  to co-ordinate the ILSLN placing and to advise GIG  post Business Combination. JP Morgan has previously advised GIG  along with Kvika  the Icelandic Bank; as well as JP Morgan being the Global Co-Ordinator for the IPO of DCAC. This invitation is being examined  not least for conflicts checking  and may or may not be accepted. Acquisition Terms The proposed Business Combination entails the sale of GIG to DCAC  pursuant to which DCAC and GIG have entered into the Option in order to increase transaction certainty. Under the terms of the Option  the consideration payable by DCAC to GIG is £330 million  which consideration will be settled with £300 million of DCAC Ordinary Shares together with approximately £30 million of ILSLNs. The GIG board has recommended to its shareholders that they enter into an exclusive agreement with DCAC to acquire the entire issued share capital of GIG3. If DCAC Shareholders approve the GIG Business Combination  then DCAC will acquire GIG for the issue of 30 million Swiss Francs4 of DCAC ILSLNs and DCAC Ordinary Shares worth 340 million Swiss Francs at a price of £20.00 per DCAC Ordinary Share. The DCAC Ordinary Shares will come from a combination of the issue of new DCAC Ordinary Shares and the sale of DCAC Ordinary Shares from treasury. DCAC will be the ongoing Euronext Amsterdam listed entity  and an application will be made for the admission of newly issued DCAC Ordinary Shares under the Business Combination. However  it will trade as ""Global InterConnector Group""  and DCAC Shareholders will be invited to approve this change of name at the forthcoming EGM. Excluding short-term trade payables of some 1 million Swiss Francs  GIG has no other debt. Any excess debts or payables above 1 million Swiss Francs in GIG at the Business Combination Completion Date will be deducted GBP for GBP from the consideration due above. GIG will bear its own costs  offset in part by the Option premium of 25 000 Swiss Francs  plus a refundable advance of 900 000 Swiss Francs to be deducted from the consideration if not repaid. The Option must normally be exercised by DCAC on or before 14th May 2023  or will lapse after that date. Terms of the ILSLNs The ILSLNs will be issued at par. As GIG expects to have long term revenues  correlated to UK inflation  the ILSLNs have been designed with the assistance of experts in the pension and insurance sector to appeal to such institutional investors  whilst raising capital in on attractive terms that provide a natural hedge for the issuer against its anticipated revenue streams. Summary of Terms Inflation Linked Sustainable Loan Notes Issuer: Global Interconnector Group (""GIG"") Sector: Positive Impact Renewable Energy Infrastructure Issuer's Advisor: Pension SuperFund Capital Currency of Instrument: GBP denominated Inflation Linked Sustainable Loan Notes (ILSLN) Offering Size: £77m (+unrelated party issuance) Special Distribution: Each DCAC Ordinary Share held on Record Date receives £8.50 of GIG ILSLNs Ineligible Tenders: Certain Ineligible Tenders under the Repurchase Offer will be accommodated by the issue of ILSLNs Listing structure: It is intended that the ILSLN will be listed on the Guernsey TISE Index Linked Loan Terms: Maturity: 33 years Amortising: From year 8. Straight Line at 4% p.a. of principal  plus accrued inflation Coupon Frequency & Amount: Annual at [3%] p.a. UK CPI linked. First payment 30/9/2024 Redemption Amount: Inflation Linked Redemption @ UK CPI Max Rate Payable (inflation cap): 5% on year over year basis Min Rate Payable (inflation floor): Zero on year over year basis Issue Price: 100p per Note Covenants: Max LTV 50%. Security thereafter Make Whole 4 year non-call period @ IL Gilts + 35bps Other: Pre-emption rights on further ILN issuance. Quarterly reporting to Stock Exchange. Monthly management reports. GIG sustainable bond designed to pave the way to multi-billion issuance Conflict Management  Rights Issue and Open Offer for DCAC Shareholders Please note that  on a successful Business Combination  ‘Concert Party’ interests are estimated to hold approximately 79% of the enlarged share capital of DCAC/GIG5: With 66% Warrant Exercise % Votes GIG Shareholders 70.2% DCAC Shareholders 1.8% DCAC Warrantholders 18.8% GIG board 0.2% Sponsor (DCGP) 9.0% Total 100.0% GIG is controlled by parties who are also materially direct and indirect holders of interests in DCAC.The Concert Party is the group of shareholders DCAC believes will be deemed to be acting in concert for the purpose of Euronext Amsterdam free-float provisions. The Concert Party includes the Sponsor ‘grouping’6 and the Truell family shareholder grouping7 The Truell Conservation Foundation  a UK registered charity  is also a substantial investor. Careful processes have been put in place to manage and mitigate these conflicts  which are catered for in the Amended Articles and which DCAC will comply with. It is planned for DCAC to raise further capital  not least from the highly experienced new independent directors who wish to subscribe at £20.00 per DCAC/GIG Ordinary Shares upon joining the DCAC Board. Major institutional and strategic industry participants have also indicated interest in investing either in GIG  or in the Advanced Cables and/or ASC Energy subsidiaries  by way of direct investment or in operational joint venture. The terms of the proposed Business Combination have been further developed on the basis of such discussions  albeit with no firm assurance of success. DCAC Shareholders and ILSLN holders will have first refusal to participate in a further capital raise  either by subscribing for further equity at £20.00 per DCAC Ordinary Share  or by subscribing for further ILSLNs at par ( referred to in this Release as the ""Rights Issue and Open Offer""). To the extent external investors invest directly into the Advanced Cables and/or ASC Energy subsidiaries DCAC Shareholders expressing interest will be able to co-invest on the same terms  and further details will be provided on request DCAC Shareholder Consent A comprehensive DCAC Shareholder Circular (as defined below) is currently being prepared  which will include  inter alia  notice of an EGM and notice of a meeting of the DCAC Warrant Holders  to be held 21 days after posting of the DCAC Shareholder Circular. The processes involved in the re-statement of GIG’s accounts to IFRS make the timing of this posting uncertain. DCAC will thus be issuing further information to the DCAC Shareholders and to DCAC Warrant Holders in the form of a detailed shareholder circular (the “DCAC Shareholder Circular”) in order that they may make an informed vote at the EGM and Warrant Holder meeting  once the DCAC Shareholder Circular has been produced. The DCAC Shareholder Circular will contain important information  including risk factors and addressing the conflicts of interest inherent in the Business Combination proposals. The approval of the DCAC Sponsor Shareholders and the DCAC Warrant Holders will also be required to consummate the Business Combination. Accordingly  in addition to the EGM  a class meeting of the DCAC Ordinary Shareholders  a class meeting of the DCAC Sponsor Shareholders and a meeting of the DCAC Warrant Holders will also be held on the same day and subsequent to the EGM. Conditions Precedent applying to DCAC GIG’s obligations under the proposed agreement with DCAC are intended to be predicated upon  inter alia  that: DCAC Shareholders approve the Business Combination (by shareholder vote as retained in the Amended Articles); DCAC Warrant Holders approving the acceleration of the timing by which DCAC Warrants can be exercised The DCAC Board making a Special Distribution of ILSLNs (to holders satisfying the DCAC board of their valid ownership on the Record Date  DCAC Ordinary Shareholders validly voting in the EGM  and DCAC Warrant Holders validly voting in their meeting). Changes are made to reduce the DCAC Sponsor Promote arrangements (as below) in  inter alia  the Amended Articles and to reward the GIG management rather than the DCAC Sponsor by the transfer of DCAC Sponsor Warrants to the GIG management incentive plan. The DCAC Ordinary Shares and DCAC Public Warrants continue to be listed on Euronext Amsterdam and that DCAC maintains sufficient external shareholders to satisfy any ‘free float’ requirements of Euronext Amsterdam. As it is estimated that former GIG shareholders would have 70% of the enlarged share capital  and the DCAC Sponsor group 9%  this condition should be satisfied  as long as sufficient DCAC Warrant Holders exercise their DCAC Warrants. The Amended Articles contain an obligation on DCAC that  in case the Company intends to consummate a Business Combination with a target or business that is affiliated with a holder of Sponsor Shares or a director  the remaining non-affiliated director(s) either (i) obtains an opinion from an independent investment banking firm and/or (ii) procures that persons that are not affiliated to  managed by or advised by a holder of Sponsor Shares or any Insider (or any of its affiliates) subscribe for new shares or interests (a) in the target or business the subject of a Business Combination at the same time and price and on the same terms as the Company or (b) in the Company at the same time and price and on the same terms the Company is proposing to issue such shares or interests to the vendors of and/or persons connected to the target or business the subject of a Business Combination. As certain DCAC Sponsor Shareholders hold shares in both DCAC and GIG  it is intended to address these conflicts of interests as follows: The non-affiliated directors of both GIG and DCAC approved entering into substantive discussions and thereafter the exclusive option to effect the Business Combination;Whilst there can be no guarantee that funds will be forthcoming  GIG is in discussions with certain independent parties who may invest in equity and/or equity options  and provide debt  conditional upon Business Combination.Highly knowledgeable and experienced persons have agreed to subscribe their own funds for an issue of DCAC Ordinary Shares to them. The issue price for the DCAC Ordinary Shares will be £20.00  being the same price at which DCAC Ordinary Shares will be offered to the GIG shareholders; and to DCAC Shareholders under the Rights Issue and Open Offer. Subscription will be subject to the Business Combination being approved.Other expert executives and advisers are expected to join on a similar basis.Whilst there can be no guarantee that funds will be forthcoming  Pension SuperFund Capital Services 8 are being appointed to assist in the structuring of the ILSLNs  leading to the possible raising of capital from institutional investors.are being appointed to assist in the structuring of the ILSLNs  leading to the possible raising of capital from institutional investors. Whilst there can be no guarantee that funds will be forthcoming  independent investors have indicated that they may acquire DCAC Ordinary Shares on completion of the Business Combination. Conditions Precedent applying to GIG DCAC’s obligations under the proposed agreement with GIG are intended to be predicated upon  inter alia  that: GIG shareholders approve the Business Combination (by shareholder vote as contained in the GIG Articles). No material adverse change in GIG. Approval of the final documentation by the independent directors of ASC and Advanced Cables  as well as of GIG . Agreement to suitable employment contracts with the board and management of GIG. Agreement to changes in the terms of the GIG Management Incentive Plan. Tax and regulatory clearances (if any) There is no guarantee that regulatory approvals  permits and authorisations  or non-objections  will be forthcoming or not be withdrawn. Changes in terms and reduction of DCAC Sponsor Shares and DCAC Sponsor Warrants The GIG board and shareholders have demanded as a condition of the agreement  and the DCAC Board intends to accept  the following changes to the DCAC Sponsor promote arrangements (the ""DCAC Sponsor Promote""): The Sponsor Group will place all the DCAC Sponsor Warrants into a GIG Management MIP. They will not be eligible to receive the Special Distribution of ILSLNs Half of the DCAC Sponsor Shares in issue as at the Business Combination Completion Date (as defined in the Amended Articles) shall automatically convert on a one for one basis into one DCAC Ordinary Share. Half of the DCAC Sponsor Shares in issue as at the Business Combination Completion Date (as defined in the Amended Articles) will then be acquired by the Company and thereafter may be cancelled or may be held as treasury shares  subject to and in accordance with the Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) In addition  the option for £2 million of Sponsor loans issued to the Company to fund the Excess Costs are converted into additional Sponsor Warrants (being the maximum amount of Sponsor loans that may be converted into additional Sponsor Warrants) will be cancelled and so no longer dilute other DCAC and former GIG shareholders. Terms of GIG Management MIP The GIG Management Incentive Plan (“MIP”) currently provides for cash payments of up to a maximum of £13.5 million  only if demanding objective targets are met. These targets being met would imply an equity value of GIG in excess of £1 billion  broadly equating to £52 per DCAC Ordinary Share. Under the proposed arrangements with DCAC  the MIP entitlements will be replaced by the receipt of 2 500 000 DCAC Sponsor Warrants  exercisable at £11.50 for DCAC Ordinary Shares over the next 10 years. Fully diluted  this would represent some 9% of the enlarged GIG share capital if exercised. Demanding vesting terms will apply to individual beneficiaries’ potential entitlements  with 20% vesting on granting  and 30% after 12 months  30% after 24 months  and 20% after 36 months. Allocations will be made to the board and management  who include related parties to DCAC Shareholders. The allocation of these DCAC Sponsor Warrants will be under the control of the independent members of the GIG board; and details will be set out in the DCAC Shareholder Circular. The DCAC Board believes that this will benefit all DCAC and former GIG shareholders not least to ensure an alignment of interest with GIG management. Lock Ups If the proposals are approved  former GIG shareholders holding more than 5% of the DCAC share capital will normally be subject to a customary 6-month lock up arrangements  and thereafter be at liberty to trade their DCAC Ordinary Shares. Further fundraising On completion of the Business Combination  GIG could expect to utilise its listing to access public market funding for both ASC Energy and Advanced Cables. Including upfront investments into these subsidiaries  it is planned that DCAC/GIG will be able to provide in the near term: For Advanced Cables: £80 million development and construction equityFor ASC Energy: £20 million development funding This will be funded from DCAC’s existing funds as well as: proceeds from the DCAC Public Warrant exercise: as described herein  it is intended that DCAC Public Warrant Holders are being offered an accelerated opportunity to exercise their DCAC Public Warrants for cash at the time of the Business Combination  subject to a positive vote by the DCAC Warrant holders to approve the required amendment to the DCAC Warrant T&Cs and to gain eligibility to the Special Distribution. If all such DCAC Public Warrants were to be exercised  this would generate approximately £73 million in cash proceeds. The estimates herein assume that 66% of Public Warrants will be exercised.the primary placement of new DCAC Ordinary Shares and of ILSLNs with DCAC Shareholders as well as with investors with whom GIG is already in advanced discussions. In addition  Advanced Cables expects to raise £180 million of bank debt for the construction of the Teesside Factory  largely with the anticipated benefit of a UK governmental agency guarantee. In due course  some or all of ASC Energy’s £3.3 billion construction budget may be funded by DCAC/GIG  together with major partners  with some £1 billion of equity and the issuance of £2.3 billion of ILSLNs. Conclusion The proposed Business Combination  noting the conflicts of interests and the need for DCAC Shareholders and DCAC Warrant Holders to receive the comprehensive DCAC Shareholder Circular including a careful appreciation of the risk factors  offers the prospect of substantial value appreciation for current and prospective new investors alike. Edmund Truell CEO  DCAC About DCAC DCAC is a special purpose acquisition company incorporated on 29 April 2021 under the Companies Law as a non-cellular company limited by shares. DCAC was created for the purpose of completing a merger  amalgamation  share exchange  asset and/or liability acquisition  share purchase  reorganisation or similar business combination with a target business or entity. DCAC's leadership team comprises executive directors: Edmund Truell (Chief Executive Officer); non-executive directors: Wolf Becke (Chair/Independent Non-Executive Director)  and Roger Le Tissier (Non-Executive Director); and special advisers: Dimitri Goulandris  Kari Stadigh and Luke Webster. DCAC was launched by Disruptive Capital GP Limited  a Guernsey investment firm licensed by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission to carry on controlled investment business under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law  2020. Disruptive Capital GP was founded by Edmund Truell and his late brother  Daniel Truell  former CIO of the Wellcome Trust charitable endowment. Following his death  the firm is now owned by the de Boucaud Truell Inter-Generational FLP and the Truell Conservation Foundation  a UK registered charity  set up to ‘make money for charity by being good investors’. The initial public offering of DCAC took place on 6 October 2021. DCAC successfully completed the DCAC IPO  raising £125 million from new investors. Pursuant to reorganisation plans  some £120 million has and is being returned to shareholders  all at a price of £10.789 per DCAC Ordinary Share. The Company now holds some £7.2 million in cash  post settlement of the valid share repurchases and having met all its outstanding liabilities. DCAC announced proposals to form a Business Combination with Advanced Cables on 20th February 2023. The proposals are being finalised and will be circulated to shareholders in the near future. The DCAC Ordinary Shares and DCAC Warrants are currently separately listed and traded on Euronext Amsterdam under the ISIN GG00BMB5XZ39 and symbol DCACS for the DCAC Ordinary Shares and ISIN GG00BMB5XY22 and symbol DCACW for the DCAC Warrants. A copy of this release is available on the Company’s website: www.disruptivecapitalac.com Enquiries to: Edi Truell  CEO truell@disruptivecapital.com +41 79 953 8396 or disruptive@admina.gg Registered office First Floor  10 Lefebvre StreetSt Peter PortGuernseyGY1 2PE Media inquiries: James CulverhouseEQJames.culverhouse@eqcorp.co+44 20 7223 1100+44 7912 508 3221 Using a CHF/GBP exchange rate of 1.12  CHF370m equates to GBP 330m. The Transaction is denominated in Swiss Francs  therefore the precise terms cannot today be set out. 2 Please note that this is a preliminary estimate and should not be relied upon. As reported  the purported Repurchase Tenders implied some 5% more Shares were in issue than was in fact the case 3 As of 10th March 2023  the super majority of GIG shareholders have accepted the proposals5 Assuming the 66% exercise of DCAC Public Warrants  but not the Sponsor Warrants. Further assuming no new share issuance  other than to the designated new independent directors and advisers. Issuance of ILSLNs to Ineligible Tenders 6 Disruptive Capital GP  the Sponsor of DCAC  and investment vehicles it manages  namely Long Term Assets and its subsidiary funds 7 Includes the Truell Intergenerational Family LP  the de Boucaud Truell Intergenerational Family LP  Edmund Truell (a director of both DCAC and GIG)  Matthew Truell (Chief Technical Officer of the two GIG subsidiaries)  and other individual members of the Truell family. 8 An affiliate of the DCAC SponsorAll news about DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED 03/13 DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED (“DCAC” or the “Compan.. GL 03/13 DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED (“DCAC” or the “Compan.. AQ 03/07 Final Outcome of Repurchase Offers GL 03/02 Disruptive Capital Acquisition : Disruptive Capital Acquisition Company Limited - St Peter.. PU 02/23 Status of Repurchase Offers and Timing of Settlement GL 02/21 Disruptive Capital Acquisition : Update on Business Combination with Advanced Cables PU 02/21 Amsterdam-listed SPAC Signs Initial Deal to Merge With Advanced Cables MT 02/20 Disruptive Capital Acquisition : BlueCrest Capital Management Limited - Disruptive Capital.. PU 02/20 Update on Business Combination with Advanced Cables GL 02/20 Advanced Cables agreed to acquire Disruptive Capital Acquisition Company Limited in a r.. CI",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED', 'entire issued share capital', 'Global InterConnection Group SA', 'DCAC', 'Option', 'DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED', 'EU MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', '£8.50 inflation-linked sustainable loan notes', 'Transaction Certainty Transaction certainty', 'The International Stock Exchange', 'Global InterConnection Group SA', 'DCAC Public Warrant Holders', 'reduced DCAC Sponsor Promote', 'Share Equity post dilution', 'entire issued share capital', 'Advanced Cables Business Combination', 'ASC Energy Limited', 'multiple email addresses', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Saxo Bank A/S', 'Pro forma Equity', 'APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS', 'DCAC Public Warrants', 'DCAC Ordinary Share', 'putative Business Combination', 'green bond’ ILSLNs', 'fair value estimate', 'pro forma calculations', 'DCAC Shareholder approval', 'Business Combination DCAC', 'ILSLNs Enterprise value', 'The DCAC Board', 'The Special Distribution', 'GIG Enterprise value', 'GIG acquisition', 'share value', 'RELEVANT LAWS', 'share ILSLN', 'DCAC/GIG shares', 'DCAC Shareholders', 'holding company', 'ISIN Code', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', '20th February', 'institutional investors', 'Possible Impact', 'future issue', 'ineligible Tenders', 'Repurchase Offer', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'other level', 'comparable multiples', 'illustrative assumptions', 'Anticipated dividends', 'Issue Price', 'one ILSLN', 'ILSLN issuance', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'First name', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'Record Date', 'BC Price', 'forthcoming EGM', 'immediate exercise', 'exclusive option', '02am', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'respect', 'QUALIFIES', 'MEANING', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'VIOLATION', 'REGULATIONS', 'FAILURE', 'RESTRICTIONS', 'proposals', 'Target', 'completion', 'members', 'rate', 'Guernsey', 'terms', 'conditions', 'analysis', 'guarantee', 'estimates', 'treatment', 'levels', 'region', 'discounted', 'cashflows', 'basis', 'H2', 'Steps', 'sides', 'binding', 'consideration', 'treasury', 'cases', 'experience', 'order', 'risk']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20437,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/13/2625382/0/en/DISRUPTIVE-CAPITAL-ACQUISITION-COMPANY-LIMITED-DCAC-or-the-Company-Option-for-DCAC-to-acquire-the-entire-issued-share-capital-of-Global-InterConnection-Group-SA.html,DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED (“DCAC” or the “Company”) Option for DCAC to acquire the entire issued share capital of Global InterConnection Group SA,DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED  (“DCAC” or the “Company”)  Option for DCAC to acquire the entire issued share capital of  Global......,"DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED(“DCAC” or the “Company”)Option for DCAC to acquire the entire issued share capital ofGlobal InterConnection Group SAin respect ofDCAC Shareholders (ISIN Code GG00BMB5XZ39) andDCAC Public Warrant Holders (ISIN Code GG00BMB5XY22)13 March 2023THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIES OR MAY HAVE QUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EU MARKET ABUSE REGULATION.NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. ANY FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THESE RESTRICTIONS MAY CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWSThe proposed Business CombinationDCAC announced proposals to form the Advanced Cables Business Combination in the press release issued by the Company on 20th February 2023. The DCAC Board has now decided to expedite the proposals  and DCAC has therefore agreed an exclusive option to acquire the holding company of Advanced Cables  Global InterConnection Group SA (“GIG” or the “Target”). Besides Advanced Cables  GIG is also the holding company of ASC Energy Limited. It is intended that DCAC will be renamed ""Global InterConnection Group Limited"" on completion of the Business Combination.If the Business Combination is agreed and approved  the DCAC Shareholders who are verified as being members of DCAC on a date to be set by the DCAC Board (the “Record Date”) and so being eligible for voting at an extraordinary general meeting of DCAC (the “EGM to be convened in connection with the Business Combination”) will receive a special distribution of £8.50 inflation-linked sustainable loan notes (“ILSLNs”)  at the rate of one ILSLN per DCAC Ordinary Share (the “Special Distribution”). The ‘green bond’ ILSLNs are to be listed on The International Stock Exchange in Guernsey; and further ILSLNs are then expected to be placed with institutional investors at par. The Special Distribution will also be made to DCAC Public Warrant Holders following exercise of their DCAC Public Warrants. DCAC intends to amend the terms and conditions of the Warrants to facilitate immediate exercise at completion of the Business Combination.Possible Impact on DCAC ShareholdersIt should be highlighted that the DCAC Sponsor’s valuation analysis has not been audited  there is no guarantee that the fair value estimate is correct  that the estimates of DCAC/GIG shares in future issue  the treatment of ineligible Tenders under the Repurchase Offer has been fully reflected herein  nor  in particular  that the DCAC/GIG shares will trade on Euronext Amsterdam at these levels or any other level.Assuming completion of the Business Combination  analysis would imply after dilution from a reduced DCAC Sponsor Promote (as defined and set out below) and from the exercise of 66% of the DCAC Public Warrants  the pro forma combined calculations would give:Value on BCPrice on BC: £20.00 / shareSpecial Distribution: £8.50 a share in ILSLNsEnterprise value of: £445mValue/Share Equity post dilution £19.15/sharefully diluted ILSLN £ 3.55/shareCombined £22.70/shareGIG’s valuation analysis suggests that the proposed GIG acquisition would have a fair value in the region of £556 million  based on comparable multiples and discounted cashflows. Importantly only the basis on those illustrative assumptions  the pro forma calculations  together with anticipated cash and ILSLN issuance  would give:'Fair Value of GIG Enterprise value of £606mPro forma Equity £28.00/sharevalue/share ILSLN £ 3.50/sharefully diluted Combined £31.50/shareAnticipated dividends 4% p.a. of Issue Price  from H2 2024  £0.80/shareSteps towards creating Transaction CertaintyTransaction certainty has been enhanced  on both sides  by GIG granting DCAC a binding and exclusive option to acquire the entire issued share capital of GIG for a consideration of approximately £330 million1 (the “Option”). Under the terms of the Option  this consideration will be settled  subject to DCAC Shareholder approval of the proposed Business Combination  with approximately £300 million of DCAC Ordinary Shares  comprising those to be sold and transferred out of treasury and those newly issued at £20.00 per DCAC Ordinary Share; together with approximately £30 million of ILSLNs  issued at par  in both cases subject to the conditions below including the approval of the DCAC Shareholders at a forthcoming EGM.Following their experience with the failed putative Business Combination with Saxo Bank A/S  the DCAC Board has agreed to the Option in order to minimise the risk of the Company incurring considerable costs pursuing a Business Combination; and for its DCAC Shareholders and DCAC Warrant Holders to incur time and cost examining the proposals  only for the transaction not to proceed due to the Target and/or its shareholders deciding to withdraw. The GIG board was similarly concerned lest they enter into an agreement that would similarly cause them to incur costs and expense  considerable management time  and above all reputational risks and exposure  without having as much certainty as possible.Whilst it is the intention for DCAC to acquire directly the shareholdings of the GIG shareholders  to further deliver certainty of outcome  the Target has agreed under the terms of the Option that in the event that it cannot deliver good title to 100% of its shares  DCAC has the option to acquire the intermediary holding company and thus secure 100% of the business and assets  on the same terms.In connection with the Business Combination  the DCAC Sponsor has agreed to vote its DCAC Ordinary Shares and DCAC Sponsor Shares in favour of the Business Combination. On the date of this Release  DCAC has made a preliminary estimate2 that the DCAC Sponsor would hold more than 50% of the voting rights by way of DCAC Ordinary Shares and DCAC Sponsor Shares  taking into account the anticipated  but uncertain  effect of the Repurchase Tender Offer and the Stub Tender Offer  and noting that there are still ineligible tenders extant under the Repurchase Tender Offer. As at the date of this Release  certain other DCAC Shareholders  together holding what is estimated amounts to approximately 93% of the voting rights in aggregate  tendered or sought to tender their DCAC Ordinary Shares for repurchase under the Repurchase Tender Offer and  under the Stub Tender Offer  have either tendered or informed DCAC of their intention to tender their DCAC Ordinary Shares; and more tenders are thought likely to be made.Accordingly  it is more likely than not that the necessary DCAC Shareholder approval for the Business Combination will be received.BackgroundDCAC has been in extensive and fruitful negotiations with the board and key shareholders of GIG and its divisional executive management and is now entering into the Option to acquire GIG. The GIG board believes the Business Combination will serve GIG well by giving it greater access to investment capital and diversification of the current shareholder base. A diversified shareholder base provides for a strong foundation for executing the GIG group's strategy and potentially leveraging DCAC's and other shareholders' background  network and know-how to further grow the GIG group's credibility and geographical reach. A listing on Euronext Amsterdam will further create flexibility in the ownership structure  adding governance enhancements to already impeccable environmental and social credentials  and provide an avenue for sourcing ‘sustainable capital’ funding and raise the public profile of GIG.DCAC believes the Business Combination will provide a platform to build a renewable energy group comprising high voltage direct current (""HVDC"") cable manufacturing  interconnectors  and ancillary services. The DCAC Board considers that these markets support and benefit from the global tailwinds of energy security and decarbonisation initiatives. The supply of HVDC cable is crucial to many interconnector  offshore wind and grid upgrade projects. The supply shortages of HVDC cables represent a hurdle to the energy transition and so should lead long-term revenues at high margins; and so provide an attractive opportunity for DCAC to invest in the development of new HVDC manufacturing capacity via the Business Combination.Interconnectors are growing in number and importance  are widely regarded as a key component of decarbonisation and energy security  and directly benefit from higher power prices. The Business Combination offers DCAC the opportunity for income from operating interconnectors and capital appreciation from interconnector development projects.The proliferation of interconnectors and grid upgrades also represents an opportunity for the provision of design  planning and operational consultancy services to such projects. The combination of cable manufacturing  interconnector ownership  and related consultancy services offers scope for cross-selling and vertical integration. It is a strategic objective of GIG to use the expertise  cable supply capacity and market knowledge of the divisions  harnessed with access to capital  in order to buy  build and transform a portfolio of interconnectors  both operating assets and projects in development.The TargetGIG currently comprises two existing assets: 100% of Advanced Cables Limited (""Advanced Cables"") and 99% of ASC Energy Limited (""ASC"" or ""Atlantic SuperConnection"")  that represent a strong foundation for its strategy.Advanced Cables is developing a 1 500 km/year capacity HVDC cable manufacturing and armouring facility. Having carried out a detailed site selection process across three countries  DCRE expects the UK factory to be located in Teesside  in the North East of England  (the ""Teesside Factory"") to offer both deep water port access and a highly attractive tax and permitting regime. The Teesside Factory  due to come into full operation in 2025  is expected to create over 800 jobs  support dozens of renewable energy projects globally  and make Britain a world-leader in the manufacture and export of HVDC cable. The local authorities and regional development institutions have given Advanced Cables their strong support in areas such as site acquisition  planning  labour force training  and have emphasised the benefits of the Teesside Factory being located in a freeport.It is anticipated the Teesside Factory will be operated and part-owned in joint venture with a world leading HVDC manufacturer. Advanced Cables is looking to finalise terms shortly with its preferred partner and then move into the construction phase. Advanced Cables was led to expect on 20 February 2023 that it should be eligible for UK government support from  inter alia  regional development grants and from UK Export Finance. The UK Department of International Trade has recently demonstrated support for Advanced Cables’ plans  by engaging with the preferred manufacturing partner to help secure their involvement with government incentives.In addition  Advanced Cables expects to create an aluminium stranding factory; and a testing and research centre in Iceland  in order to support the Teesside Factory and further enhance the substantial economic benefits offered by GIG to Iceland. Aluminium stranding – the core of HVDC cables - manufacturing is planned to be situated in Stromsvik (“Stromsvik Factory”). The site enjoys deep water access and has the infrastructure already in place to handle heavy materials  since it is adjacent to an ageing aluminium smelter that is expected to close in the next decade. The Stromsvik Factory is expected to create several hundred jobs and give Iceland significant added economic value from its production of aluminium  which is largely exported in ingot form at present.The Advanced Cables Testing and Research Centre  to be based near Keflavik  is expected to create some 40 jobs  largely in highly skilled scientific and engineering roles. It is intended to support Advanced Cables and its customers in the continual improvement of the product and its performance  effectiveness and usage.Once the Advanced Cables Factory is completed  this will enable GIG to provide expedited HVDC cable supply to Atlantic SuperConnection and such other interconnector projects as it may acquire. Moreover  the possession of scarce HDVC cable manufacturing capacity is likely to give GIG an advantage when originating and negotiating interconnector and consultancy business opportunities; and deploying capital to invest into interconnector projects.Atlantic SuperConnection is developing a 1 638km bi-pole interconnector between Iceland and the United Kingdom with a capacity of up to 1.8GW. It has achieved significant progress to date  including the confirmation of technical feasibility via extensive studies  the completion of a seabed route survey to confirm the optimal route  and the signing of a connection agreement with the UK National Grid to come in force in 2028/29.ASC offers DCAC a unique entry point into the interconnector industry. Most interconnectors are two-way and link two energy networks with fluctuating supply and demand. As such the directional flow of energy via the interconnector  and the revenue it generates therefrom  depends on the relative energy surplus or shortage of the two countries at any one time. In contrast  ASC will connect Iceland – an isolated grid with an economical and dependable energy supply from geothermal and hydroelectric generation – with the UK  a grid facing severe supply shortages and sharp price fluctuations  in need of zero carbon baseload and dispatchable power to fill the role historically played by hydrocarbons. In connecting two energy markets with highly asymmetrical supply-demand dynamics  ASC expects energy transmission to be predominantly one way from Iceland to the UK  and so generate more predictable revenues underpinned by long-term power purchase agreements  typically with prices linked to UK inflation rates.However  ASC intends to use the periods of surplus wind generation in the UK to send electricity to Iceland to power pumped storage into existing hydroelectric facilities  in effect creating a highly efficient battery  with the power to be returned to the UK in times of shortage and high marginal prices.Furthermore  the development and construction of this project supported by GIG's Advanced Cables and ancillary services  and harnessing capital by GIG  of which the proposed Business Combination is intended to improve access  is expected to serve as a significant demonstration to the interconnector market of GIG's integrated capabilities.Proposed GIG boardDCAC's leadership team currently comprises executive directors: Edmund Truell (Chief Executive Officer)  non-executive directors: Wolf Becke (Chair/Independent Non-Executive Director) and Roger Le Tissier (Non-Executive Director) and special advisers: Kari Stadigh  Dimitri Goulandris and Luke Webster.If the Business Combination is approved  then the DCAC board has extended an invitation to join the GIG supervisory board as non-executive directors to the economic adviser to the Icelandic Government; an industry leader from a global interconnector operator; and Luke Webster joining to bring his infrastructure investment experience as Chief Investment Officer of the Greater London Authority and so overseeing Transport for London and Crossrail; and to senior advisers from the cable and energy sector. Wolf Becke  now aged 76  will be retiring as Chair and non-executive director of DCAC; and Edmund Truell will take on the Chair  with an industry leader from the global interconnector and grid sector expected to be appointed as CEO in due course.Executive Management and AdvisersGIG’s subsidiaries are led by Ian Drew  Executive Chairman and Matthew Truell  Chief Technical Officer  with financial matters overseen by Henry Tilbury and Julien Fournier  and marketing and political relations by Chrissie Boyle (UK) and Fridjon Fridjonsson (Iceland). Jennie Younger is an independent non-executive director. Noting the conflicts of interests  DCAC has reviewed the reports and records of Advanced Cables and of ASC Energy  many of which have been produced by external consultants  conducted interviews with them and has relied on those reports and interviews.In September 2022  GIG entered into a partnership with RTE International (""RTEi"")  the consultancy arm of the French transmission system operator RTE. This saw RTEi appointed as ASC's owner's engineer for the completion of the development stage  with RTEi take options over up to 0.92% of the equity in order to promote alignment. RTEi and its parent are among the world's major interconnector consultancies and owner-operators respectively  bringing significant expertise and experience to the ASC project.GIG already has in place a full suite of energy market  cable manufacturing and transmission infrastructure advisers  including Afry  Red Penguin  Powershore and AECOM as well as RTEi. They have provided power price models; economic impact studies; technical feasibility reports  their detailed benefit of their experience of working on most of the current European projects and operating interconnectors; and of designing and building HVDC factories. These advisers are under contract to GIG and / or its subsidiaries. In compiling this offer  DCAC has reviewed their reports and conducted interviews with them and has relied on those reports and interviews. Noting the conflicts of interests  DCAC has taken further comfort from the verification work conducted on behalf of Long Term Assets  a shareholder in GIG  including an historical audit report  historical asset valuation procedures and extensive legal due diligence conducted in the production of a wide-ranging Long Term Assets prospectus submitted to the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and then submitted in near-final draft to the Financial Conduct Authority as regulator of the London Stock Exchange. It has further noted that Herbert Smith Freehills is the UK regulatory adviser to ASC Energy in respect of seeking exemptions from OfGem from the application of material UK electricity market regulations.DCAC has invited JP Morgan to act as formal adviser to the business and  in particular  to co-ordinate the ILSLN placing and to advise GIG  post Business Combination. JP Morgan has previously advised GIG  along with Kvika  the Icelandic Bank; as well as JP Morgan being the Global Co-Ordinator for the IPO of DCAC. This invitation is being examined  not least for conflicts checking  and may or may not be accepted.Acquisition TermsThe proposed Business Combination entails the sale of GIG to DCAC  pursuant to which DCAC and GIG have entered into the Option in order to increase transaction certainty. Under the terms of the Option  the consideration payable by DCAC to GIG is £330 million  which consideration will be settled with £300 million of DCAC Ordinary Shares together with approximately £30 million of ILSLNs.The GIG board has recommended to its shareholders that they enter into an exclusive agreement with DCAC to acquire the entire issued share capital of GIG3. If DCAC Shareholders approve the GIG Business Combination  then DCAC will acquire GIG for the issue of 30 million Swiss Francs4 of DCAC ILSLNs and DCAC Ordinary Shares worth 340 million Swiss Francs at a price of £20.00 per DCAC Ordinary Share. The DCAC Ordinary Shares will come from a combination of the issue of new DCAC Ordinary Shares and the sale of DCAC Ordinary Shares from treasury. DCAC will be the ongoing Euronext Amsterdam listed entity  and an application will be made for the admission of newly issued DCAC Ordinary Shares under the Business Combination. However  it will trade as ""Global InterConnector Group""  and DCAC Shareholders will be invited to approve this change of name at the forthcoming EGM.Excluding short-term trade payables of some 1 million Swiss Francs  GIG has no other debt. Any excess debts or payables above 1 million Swiss Francs in GIG at the Business Combination Completion Date will be deducted GBP for GBP from the consideration due above. GIG will bear its own costs  offset in part by the Option premium of 25 000 Swiss Francs  plus a refundable advance of 900 000 Swiss Francs to be deducted from the consideration if not repaid. The Option must normally be exercised by DCAC on or before 14th May 2023  or will lapse after that date.Terms of the ILSLNsThe ILSLNs will be issued at par. As GIG expects to have long term revenues  correlated to UK inflation  the ILSLNs have been designed with the assistance of experts in the pension and insurance sector to appeal to such institutional investors  whilst raising capital in on attractive terms that provide a natural hedge for the issuer against its anticipated revenue streams.Summary of TermsInflation Linked Sustainable Loan NotesIssuer: Global Interconnector Group (""GIG"")Sector: Positive Impact Renewable Energy InfrastructureIssuer's Advisor: Pension SuperFund CapitalCurrency of Instrument: GBP denominated Inflation Linked Sustainable Loan Notes (ILSLN)Offering Size: £77m (+unrelated party issuance)Special Distribution: Each DCAC Ordinary Share held on Record Date receives £8.50 of GIG ILSLNsIneligible Tenders: Certain Ineligible Tenders under the Repurchase Offer will be accommodated by the issue of ILSLNsListing structure: It is intended that the ILSLN will be listed on the Guernsey TISEIndex Linked Loan Terms: Maturity: 33 yearsAmortising: From year 8. Straight Line at 4% p.a. of principal  plus accrued inflationCoupon Frequency & Amount: Annual at [3%] p.a. UK CPI linked. First payment 30/9/2024Redemption Amount: Inflation Linked Redemption @ UK CPIMax Rate Payable (inflation cap): 5% on year over year basisMin Rate Payable (inflation floor): Zero on year over year basisIssue Price: 100p per NoteCovenants: Max LTV 50%. Security thereafterMake Whole 4 year non-call period @ IL Gilts + 35bpsOther: Pre-emption rights on further ILN issuance. Quarterly reporting to Stock Exchange. Monthly management reports.GIG sustainable bond designed to pave the way to multi-billion issuanceConflict Management  Rights Issue and Open Offer for DCAC ShareholdersPlease note that  on a successful Business Combination  ‘Concert Party’ interests are estimated to hold approximately 79% of the enlarged share capital of DCAC/GIG5:With 66% Warrant Exercise% VotesGIG Shareholders 70.2%DCAC Shareholders 1.8%DCAC Warrantholders 18.8%GIG board 0.2%Sponsor (DCGP) 9.0%Total 100.0%GIG is controlled by parties who are also materially direct and indirect holders of interests in DCAC.The Concert Party is the group of shareholders DCAC believes will be deemed to be acting in concert for the purpose of Euronext Amsterdam free-float provisions. The Concert Party includes the Sponsor ‘grouping’6 and the Truell family shareholder grouping7The Truell Conservation Foundation  a UK registered charity  is also a substantial investor.Careful processes have been put in place to manage and mitigate these conflicts  which are catered for in the Amended Articles and which DCAC will comply with.It is planned for DCAC to raise further capital  not least from the highly experienced new independent directors who wish to subscribe at £20.00 per DCAC/GIG Ordinary Shares upon joining the DCAC Board. Major institutional and strategic industry participants have also indicated interest in investing either in GIG  or in the Advanced Cables and/or ASC Energy subsidiaries  by way of direct investment or in operational joint venture. The terms of the proposed Business Combination have been further developed on the basis of such discussions  albeit with no firm assurance of success.DCAC Shareholders and ILSLN holders will have first refusal to participate in a further capital raise  either by subscribing for further equity at £20.00 per DCAC Ordinary Share  or by subscribing for further ILSLNs at par ( referred to in this Release as the ""Rights Issue and Open Offer""). To the extent external investors invest directly into the Advanced Cables and/or ASC Energy subsidiaries DCAC Shareholders expressing interest will be able to co-invest on the same terms  and further details will be provided on requestDCAC Shareholder ConsentA comprehensive DCAC Shareholder Circular (as defined below) is currently being prepared  which will include  inter alia  notice of an EGM and notice of a meeting of the DCAC Warrant Holders  to be held 21 days after posting of the DCAC Shareholder Circular. The processes involved in the re-statement of GIG’s accounts to IFRS make the timing of this posting uncertain.DCAC will thus be issuing further information to the DCAC Shareholders and to DCAC Warrant Holders in the form of a detailed shareholder circular (the “DCAC Shareholder Circular”) in order that they may make an informed vote at the EGM and Warrant Holder meeting  once the DCAC Shareholder Circular has been produced. The DCAC Shareholder Circular will contain important information  including risk factors and addressing the conflicts of interest inherent in the Business Combination proposals.The approval of the DCAC Sponsor Shareholders and the DCAC Warrant Holders will also be required to consummate the Business Combination. Accordingly  in addition to the EGM  a class meeting of the DCAC Ordinary Shareholders  a class meeting of the DCAC Sponsor Shareholders and a meeting of the DCAC Warrant Holders will also be held on the same day and subsequent to the EGM.Conditions Precedent applying to DCACGIG’s obligations under the proposed agreement with DCAC are intended to be predicated upon  inter alia  that:DCAC Shareholders approve the Business Combination (by shareholder vote as retained in the Amended Articles); DCAC Warrant Holders approving the acceleration of the timing by which DCAC Warrants can be exercised The DCAC Board making a Special Distribution of ILSLNs (to holders satisfying the DCAC board of their valid ownership on the Record Date  DCAC Ordinary Shareholders validly voting in the EGM  and DCAC Warrant Holders validly voting in their meeting). Changes are made to reduce the DCAC Sponsor Promote arrangements (as below) in  inter alia  the Amended Articles and to reward the GIG management rather than the DCAC Sponsor by the transfer of DCAC Sponsor Warrants to the GIG management incentive plan. The DCAC Ordinary Shares and DCAC Public Warrants continue to be listed on Euronext Amsterdam and that DCAC maintains sufficient external shareholders to satisfy any ‘free float’ requirements of Euronext Amsterdam. As it is estimated that former GIG shareholders would have 70% of the enlarged share capital  and the DCAC Sponsor group 9%  this condition should be satisfied  as long as sufficient DCAC Warrant Holders exercise their DCAC Warrants. The Amended Articles contain an obligation on DCAC that  in case the Company intends to consummate a Business Combination with a target or business that is affiliated with a holder of Sponsor Shares or a director  the remaining non-affiliated director(s) either (i) obtains an opinion from an independent investment banking firm and/or (ii) procures that persons that are not affiliated to  managed by or advised by a holder of Sponsor Shares or any Insider (or any of its affiliates) subscribe for new shares or interests (a) in the target or business the subject of a Business Combination at the same time and price and on the same terms as the Company or (b) in the Company at the same time and price and on the same terms the Company is proposing to issue such shares or interests to the vendors of and/or persons connected to the target or business the subject of a Business Combination.As certain DCAC Sponsor Shareholders hold shares in both DCAC and GIG  it is intended to address these conflicts of interests as follows:The non-affiliated directors of both GIG and DCAC approved entering into substantive discussions and thereafter the exclusive option to effect the Business Combination;Whilst there can be no guarantee that funds will be forthcoming  GIG is in discussions with certain independent parties who may invest in equity and/or equity options  and provide debt  conditional upon Business Combination.Highly knowledgeable and experienced persons have agreed to subscribe their own funds for an issue of DCAC Ordinary Shares to them. The issue price for the DCAC Ordinary Shares will be £20.00  being the same price at which DCAC Ordinary Shares will be offered to the GIG shareholders; and to DCAC Shareholders under the Rights Issue and Open Offer. Subscription will be subject to the Business Combination being approved.Other expert executives and advisers are expected to join on a similar basis.Whilst there can be no guarantee that funds will be forthcoming  Pension SuperFund Capital Services 8 are being appointed to assist in the structuring of the ILSLNs  leading to the possible raising of capital from institutional investors.are being appointed to assist in the structuring of the ILSLNs  leading to the possible raising of capital from institutional investors. Whilst there can be no guarantee that funds will be forthcoming  independent investors have indicated that they may acquire DCAC Ordinary Shares on completion of the Business Combination.Conditions Precedent applying to GIGDCAC’s obligations under the proposed agreement with GIG are intended to be predicated upon  inter alia  that:GIG shareholders approve the Business Combination (by shareholder vote as contained in the GIG Articles). No material adverse change in GIG. Approval of the final documentation by the independent directors of ASC and Advanced Cables  as well as of GIG . Agreement to suitable employment contracts with the board and management of GIG. Agreement to changes in the terms of the GIG Management Incentive Plan. Tax and regulatory clearances (if any)There is no guarantee that regulatory approvals  permits and authorisations  or non-objections  will be forthcoming or not be withdrawn.Changes in terms and reduction of DCAC Sponsor Shares and DCAC Sponsor WarrantsThe GIG board and shareholders have demanded as a condition of the agreement  and the DCAC Board intends to accept  the following changes to the DCAC Sponsor promote arrangements (the ""DCAC Sponsor Promote""):The Sponsor Group will place all the DCAC Sponsor Warrants into a GIG Management MIP. They will not be eligible to receive the Special Distribution of ILSLNs Half of the DCAC Sponsor Shares in issue as at the Business Combination Completion Date (as defined in the Amended Articles) shall automatically convert on a one for one basis into one DCAC Ordinary Share. Half of the DCAC Sponsor Shares in issue as at the Business Combination Completion Date (as defined in the Amended Articles) will then be acquired by the Company and thereafter may be cancelled or may be held as treasury shares  subject to and in accordance with the Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) In addition  the option for £2 million of Sponsor loans issued to the Company to fund the Excess Costs are converted into additional Sponsor Warrants (being the maximum amount of Sponsor loans that may be converted into additional Sponsor Warrants) will be cancelled and so no longer dilute other DCAC and former GIG shareholders.Terms of GIG Management MIPThe GIG Management Incentive Plan (“MIP”) currently provides for cash payments of up to a maximum of £13.5 million  only if demanding objective targets are met. These targets being met would imply an equity value of GIG in excess of £1 billion  broadly equating to £52 per DCAC Ordinary Share.Under the proposed arrangements with DCAC  the MIP entitlements will be replaced by the receipt of 2 500 000 DCAC Sponsor Warrants  exercisable at £11.50 for DCAC Ordinary Shares over the next 10 years. Fully diluted  this would represent some 9% of the enlarged GIG share capital if exercised.Demanding vesting terms will apply to individual beneficiaries’ potential entitlements  with 20% vesting on granting  and 30% after 12 months  30% after 24 months  and 20% after 36 months. Allocations will be made to the board and management  who include related parties to DCAC Shareholders. The allocation of these DCAC Sponsor Warrants will be under the control of the independent members of the GIG board; and details will be set out in the DCAC Shareholder Circular. The DCAC Board believes that this will benefit all DCAC and former GIG shareholders not least to ensure an alignment of interest with GIG management.Lock UpsIf the proposals are approved  former GIG shareholders holding more than 5% of the DCAC share capital will normally be subject to a customary 6-month lock up arrangements  and thereafter be at liberty to trade their DCAC Ordinary Shares.Further fundraisingOn completion of the Business Combination  GIG could expect to utilise its listing to access public market funding for both ASC Energy and Advanced Cables.Including upfront investments into these subsidiaries  it is planned that DCAC/GIG will be able to provide in the near term:For Advanced Cables: £80 million development and construction equityFor ASC Energy: £20 million development fundingThis will be funded from DCAC’s existing funds as well as:proceeds from the DCAC Public Warrant exercise: as described herein  it is intended that DCAC Public Warrant Holders are being offered an accelerated opportunity to exercise their DCAC Public Warrants for cash at the time of the Business Combination  subject to a positive vote by the DCAC Warrant holders to approve the required amendment to the DCAC Warrant T&Cs and to gain eligibility to the Special Distribution. If all such DCAC Public Warrants were to be exercised  this would generate approximately £73 million in cash proceeds. The estimates herein assume that 66% of Public Warrants will be exercised.the primary placement of new DCAC Ordinary Shares and of ILSLNs with DCAC Shareholders as well as with investors with whom GIG is already in advanced discussions.In addition  Advanced Cables expects to raise £180 million of bank debt for the construction of the Teesside Factory  largely with the anticipated benefit of a UK governmental agency guarantee.In due course  some or all of ASC Energy’s £3.3 billion construction budget may be funded by DCAC/GIG  together with major partners  with some £1 billion of equity and the issuance of £2.3 billion of ILSLNs.ConclusionThe proposed Business Combination  noting the conflicts of interests and the need for DCAC Shareholders and DCAC Warrant Holders to receive the comprehensive DCAC Shareholder Circular including a careful appreciation of the risk factors  offers the prospect of substantial value appreciation for current and prospective new investors alike.Edmund TruellCEO  DCACAbout DCACDCAC is a special purpose acquisition company incorporated on 29 April 2021 under the Companies Law as a non-cellular company limited by shares. DCAC was created for the purpose of completing a merger  amalgamation  share exchange  asset and/or liability acquisition  share purchase  reorganisation or similar business combination with a target business or entity.DCAC's leadership team comprises executive directors: Edmund Truell (Chief Executive Officer); non-executive directors: Wolf Becke (Chair/Independent Non-Executive Director)  and Roger Le Tissier (Non-Executive Director); and special advisers: Dimitri Goulandris  Kari Stadigh and Luke Webster.DCAC was launched by Disruptive Capital GP Limited  a Guernsey investment firm licensed by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission to carry on controlled investment business under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law  2020. Disruptive Capital GP was founded by Edmund Truell and his late brother  Daniel Truell  former CIO of the Wellcome Trust charitable endowment. Following his death  the firm is now owned by the de Boucaud Truell Inter-Generational FLP and the Truell Conservation Foundation  a UK registered charity  set up to ‘make money for charity by being good investors’.The initial public offering of DCAC took place on 6 October 2021. DCAC successfully completed the DCAC IPO  raising £125 million from new investors. Pursuant to reorganisation plans  some £120 million has and is being returned to shareholders  all at a price of £10.789 per DCAC Ordinary Share. The Company now holds some £7.2 million in cash  post settlement of the valid share repurchases and having met all its outstanding liabilities.DCAC announced proposals to form a Business Combination with Advanced Cables on 20th February 2023. The proposals are being finalised and will be circulated to shareholders in the near future.The DCAC Ordinary Shares and DCAC Warrants are currently separately listed and traded on Euronext Amsterdam under the ISIN GG00BMB5XZ39 and symbol DCACS for the DCAC Ordinary Shares and ISIN GG00BMB5XY22 and symbol DCACW for the DCAC Warrants.A copy of this release is available on the Company’s website: www.disruptivecapitalac.comEnquiries to:Edi Truell  CEOtruell@disruptivecapital.com+41 79 953 8396ordisruptive@admina.ggRegistered officeFirst Floor  10 Lefebvre StreetSt Peter PortGuernseyGY1 2PEMedia inquiries:James CulverhouseEQJames.culverhouse@eqcorp.co+44 20 7223 1100+44 7912 508 3221 Using a CHF/GBP exchange rate of 1.12  CHF370m equates to GBP 330m. The Transaction is denominated in Swiss Francs  therefore the precise terms cannot today be set out.2 Please note that this is a preliminary estimate and should not be relied upon. As reported  the purported Repurchase Tenders implied some 5% more Shares were in issue than was in fact the case3 As of 10th March 2023  the super majority of GIG shareholders have accepted the proposals5 Assuming the 66% exercise of DCAC Public Warrants  but not the Sponsor Warrants. Further assuming no new share issuance  other than to the designated new independent directors and advisers. Issuance of ILSLNs to Ineligible Tenders6 Disruptive Capital GP  the Sponsor of DCAC  and investment vehicles it manages  namely Long Term Assets and its subsidiary funds7 Includes the Truell Intergenerational Family LP  the de Boucaud Truell Intergenerational Family LP  Edmund Truell (a director of both DCAC and GIG)  Matthew Truell (Chief Technical Officer of the two GIG subsidiaries)  and other individual members of the Truell family.8 An affiliate of the DCAC Sponsor",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.14,0.08,0.78,True,English,"['DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED', 'entire issued share capital', 'Global InterConnection Group SA', 'DCAC', 'Option', 'DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED', 'EU MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', '£8.50 inflation-linked sustainable loan notes', 'Global InterConnection Group SA', 'The International Stock Exchange', 'Share Equity post dilution', 'reduced DCAC Sponsor Promote', 'DCAC Public Warrant Holders', 'entire issued share capital', 'ASC Energy Limited', 'Advanced Cables Business Combination', 'DCAC Warrant Holders', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Saxo Bank A/S', 'Pro forma Equity', 'APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS', 'DCAC Ordinary Share', 'DCAC Public Warrants', 'putative Business Combination', 'green bond’ ILSLNs', 'pro forma calculations', 'fair value estimate', 'The DCAC Board', 'DCAC Shareholder approval', 'The Special Distribution', 'The GIG board', 'GIG Enterprise value', 'GIG acquisition', 'RELEVANT LAWS', 'DCAC/GIG shares', 'DCAC Shareholders', 'ISIN Code', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', '20th February', 'holding company', 'institutional investors', 'Possible Impact', 'future issue', 'ineligible Tenders', 'Repurchase Offer', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'other level', 'comparable multiples', 'discounted cashflows', 'illustrative assumptions', 'Anticipated dividends', 'Issue Price', 'considerable costs', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Transaction Certainty', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'Record Date', 'one ILSLN', 'BC Price', 'ILSLN issuance', 'forthcoming EGM', 'exclusive option', 'immediate exercise', 'respect', 'March', 'QUALIFIES', 'MEANING', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'VIOLATION', 'REGULATIONS', 'FAILURE', 'RESTRICTIONS', 'proposals', 'Target', 'completion', 'members', 'rate', 'Guernsey', 'terms', 'conditions', 'analysis', 'guarantee', 'estimates', 'treatment', 'levels', 'region', 'basis', 'H2', 'Steps', 'sides', 'binding', 'consideration', 'treasury', 'cases', 'experience', 'order', 'risk', 'time']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,globenewswire.com
20438,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ONWARD-MEDICAL-N-V-128192407/news/ONWARD-Does-Not-Hold-Cash-Deposits-at-Silicon-Valley-Bank-43227240/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,ONWARD Does Not Hold Cash Deposits at Silicon Valley Bank,(marketscreener.com) The company’s cash is held at banks with a Moody’s rating of A1 or higherEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  LAUSANNE  Switzerland  and BOSTON  MA USA  March 13  2023 -- March 13  2023 – ONWARD Medical N.V.   the medical technology company creati…,The company’s cash is held at banks with a Moody’s rating of A1 or higherEINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  LAUSANNE  Switzerland  and BOSTON  MA USA  March 13  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- March 13  2023 – ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today announced it does not hold cash deposits nor securities at Silicon Valley Bank (SVB).On March 10  2023  the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation closed SVB and appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) as receiver. ONWARD has no business arrangements nor known exposure to SVB.All banks currently holding cash deposits and securities on behalf of ONWARD carry Moody’s Investors Service ratings of A1 / P-1 or higher on long / short-term deposits.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injuries. ONWARD’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD’s ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by implantable (ARC-IM) or external (ARC-EX) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life.ONWARD has received eight Breakthrough Device Designations from the US FDA encompassing both ARC-IM and ARC-EX. ARC-EX is an external  non-invasive platform consisting of a stimulator and wireless programmer. Positive top-line data were reported in 2022 from the company’s first pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability of transcutaneous ARC Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The company is now preparing marketing approval submissions for the US and Europe. ARC-IM consists of an implantable pulse generator and lead placed near the spinal cord. The company completed first-in-human use of the ARC-IM neurostimulator and reported positive interim clinical outcomes for ARC-IM Therapy for improved blood pressure regulation following SCI in 2022.ONWARD is headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland and has a growing US presence in Boston  Massachusetts. The company has an academic partnership with .NeuroRestore  a collaboration between EPFL  the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne  and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV). For additional information about the company  please visit ONWD.com . To access our 2023 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com .For Company Enquiries:info@onw d.comFor Media Enquiries:MC Services AGUS: Laurie Doyle  P: +1 339 832 0752Europe: Dr. Johanna Kobler  Katja Arnold  Kaja Skorka  P: +49 89 210 228 0media@onwd.comFor Investor Enquiries:investors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.02,0.89,0.09,mixed,0.09,0.14,0.77,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank', 'Cash Deposits', 'ONWARD', 'targeted, programmed spinal cord stimulation', 'eight Breakthrough Device Designations', 'Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'positive interim clinical outcomes', 'long / short-term deposits', 'MC Services AG US', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'Positive top-line data', 'Swiss Federal Institute', 'spinal cord injury', 'spinal cord injuries', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'Investors Service ratings', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'external, non-invasive platform', 'first pivotal study', 'upper extremity strength', 'marketing approval submissions', 'blood pressure regulation', 'Dr. Johanna Kobler', 'growing US presence', 'implantable pulse generator', 'transcutaneous ARC Therapy', 'external (ARC-EX) systems', 'Lausanne University Hospital', 'medical technology company', 'US FDA', 'cash deposits', 'MA USA', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'innovative therapies', 'California Department', 'Financial Protection', 'business arrangements', 'a decade', 'preclinical research', 'other functions', 'wireless programmer', 'human use', 'Engineering Center', 'academic partnership', 'additional information', '2023 Financial Calendar', 'Media Enquiries', 'Laurie Doyle', 'Katja Arnold', 'Kaja Skorka', 'Investor Enquiries', 'press release', 'financial effects', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'actual occurrence', 'undue reliance', 'forward-looking statements', 'ARC-IM Therapy', 'future accuracy', 'basic science', 'current expectations', 'several risks', 'actual results', 'past trends', 'Company Enquiries', 'ARC-IM neurostimulator', 'actual events', 'future events', 'banks', 'Moody', 'A1', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'Switzerland', 'BOSTON', 'March', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'movement', 'independence', 'health', 'people', 'securities', 'SVB', 'Innovation', 'FDIC', 'receiver', 'exposure', 'behalf', 'work', 'world', 'quality', 'life', 'ability', 'Europe', 'Massachusetts', 'NeuroRestore', 'collaboration', 'EPFL', 'CHUV', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'update', 'revisions', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'advisers', 'representatives', 'person', 'officers', 'employees', 'errors', 'responsibility']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20439,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MDXHEALTH-SA-17498/news/MDxHealth-Confirms-No-Exposure-to-Silicon-Valley-Bank-or-Silvergate-Bank-43227132/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,MDxHealth Confirms No Exposure to Silicon Valley Bank or Silvergate Bank,(marketscreener.com) NEWS RELEASE 13 MARCH 2023  2:00 AM ET / 08:00 CET IRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – March 13  2023 – MDxHealth SA   a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company  today confirms that neither MDxHealth SA  nor any of its subsidiaries …,NEWS RELEASE13 MARCH 2023  2:00 AM ET / 08:00 CETIRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – March 13  2023 – MDxHealth SA (NASDAQ/Euronext: MDXH)  a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company  today confirms that neither MDxHealth SA  nor any of its subsidiaries  have any exposure to Silicon Valley Bank (“SVB”) or Silvergate Bank.About mdxhealthMdxhealth is a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company that provides actionable molecular information to personalize patient diagnosis and treatment. The Company’s tests are based on proprietary genomic  epigenetic (methylation) and other molecular technologies and assist physicians with the diagnosis and prognosis of urologic cancers and other urologic diseases. The Company’s U.S. headquarters and laboratory operations are in Irvine  California  with additional laboratory operations in Plano  Texas. European headquarters are in Herstal  Belgium  with laboratory operations in Nijmegen  The Netherlands. For more information  visit mdxhealth.com and follow us on social media at: twitter.com/mdxhealth  facebook.com/mdxhealth and linkedin.com/company/mdxhealth.For more information:mdxhealthinfo@mdxhealth.comLifeSci Advisors (IR & PR)US: +1 949 271 9223ir@mdxhealth.comThis press release contains forward-looking statements and estimates with respect to the anticipated future performance of MDxHealth and the market in which it operates  all of which involve certain risks and uncertainties. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “potential ” “expect ” “will ” “goal ” “next ” “potential ” “aim ” “explore ” “forward ” “future ” and “believes” as well as similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this release include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the acquisition of Oncotype DX® GPS prostate cancer business from Exact Sciences including statements regarding the anticipated benefits of the acquisition; statements regarding expected future operating results; statements regarding product development efforts; and statements regarding our strategies  positioning  resources  capabilities and expectations for future events or performance. Such statements and estimates are based on assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable but may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict  may depend upon factors that are beyond the company’s control  and may turn out to be materially different. Examples of forward-looking statements include  among others  statements we make regarding expected future operating results  product development efforts  our strategies  positioning  resources  capabilities and expectations for future events or performance. Important factors that could cause actual results  conditions and events to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: uncertainties associated with the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic  including its possible effects on our operations  and the demand for our products; our ability to successfully and profitably market our products; the acceptance of our products and services by healthcare providers; the willingness of health insurance companies and other payers to cover our products and services and adequately reimburse us for such products and services; our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals and comply with applicable regulations; the possibility that the anticipated benefits from our business acquisitions like our acquisition of the Oncotype DX® GPS prostate cancer business will not be realized in full or at all or may take longer to realize than expected; and the amount and nature of competition for our products and services. Other important risks and uncertainties are described in the Risk Factors sections of our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F and in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. MDxHealth expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this release to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based unless required by law or regulation. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of MDxHealth in any jurisdiction. No securities of MDxHealth may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. securities laws.NOTE: The mdxhealth logo  mdxhealth  Confirm mdx  Select mdx  Resolve mdx  Genomic Prostate Score  GPS and Monitor mdx are trademarks or registered trademarks of MDxHealth SA. The GPS test was formerly known as and is frequently referenced in guidelines  coverage policies  reimbursement decisions  manuscripts and other literature as Oncotype DX Prostate  Oncotype DX GPS  Oncotype DX Genomic Prostate Score  and Oncotype Dx Prostate Cancer Assay  among others. The Oncotype DX trademark  and all other trademarks and service marks  are the property of their respective owners.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.21,0.56,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank', 'Silvergate Bank', 'MDxHealth', 'No', 'Exposure', 'Oncotype DX® GPS prostate cancer business', 'applicable U.S. securities laws', 'commercial-stage precision diagnostics company', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Oncotype DX Prostate', 'Oncotype DX GPS', 'expected future operating results', 'U.S. headquarters', 'Genomic Prostate Score', 'product development efforts', 'health insurance companies', 'recent Annual Report', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'other molecular technologies', 'other urologic diseases', 'Risk Factors sections', 'actionable molecular information', 'additional laboratory operations', 'Other important risks', 'business acquisitions', 'GPS test', 'applicable regulations', 'actual results', 'Silvergate Bank', 'European headquarters', 'Important factors', 'other factors', 'other payers', 'other reports', 'other literature', 'The Company', 'social media', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'similar expressions', 'Exact Sciences', 'unknown risks', 'COVID-19) pandemic', 'possible effects', 'healthcare providers', 'regulatory approvals', 'Form 20-F', 'Exchange Commission', 'United States', 'coverage policies', 'reimbursement decisions', 'future events', 'The Netherlands', 'future performance', 'NEWS RELEASE', 'press release', 'Actual events', 'patient diagnosis', 'Resolve mdx', 'Monitor mdx', 'forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'MDxHealth SA', 'mdxhealth logo', '13 MARCH', '2:00 AM', '08:00 CET', 'IRVINE', 'HERSTAL', 'BELGIUM', 'NASDAQ/Euronext', 'subsidiaries', 'exposure', 'SVB', 'treatment', 'tests', 'epigenetic', 'methylation', 'physicians', 'prognosis', 'cancers', 'California', 'Plano', 'Texas', 'Nijmegen', 'estimates', 'respect', 'market', 'uncertainties', 'use', 'words', 'phrases', 'aim', 'believes', 'benefits', 'strategies', 'resources', 'capabilities', 'expectations', 'assumptions', 'assessments', 'control', 'Examples', 'others', 'positioning', 'conditions', 'following', 'coronavirus', 'demand', 'products', 'ability', 'acceptance', 'services', 'willingness', 'possibility', 'amount', 'nature', 'competition', 'obligation', 'regard', 'circumstances', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'assets', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'NOTE', 'trademarks', 'registered', 'guidelines', 'manuscripts']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20440,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/13/2625373/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 10 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.2770 £ 24.0579 Estimated MTD return 0.03 % 0.07 % Estimated YTD return -1.77 % -1.51 % Estimated ITD return 172.77 % 140.58 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.88 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 870.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -22.27 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 239.5416 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.4296The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,globenewswire.com
20441,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/13/2625376/0/en/ONWARD-Does-Not-Hold-Cash-Deposits-at-Silicon-Valley-Bank.html,ONWARD Does Not Hold Cash Deposits at Silicon Valley Bank,The company’s cash is held at banks with a Moody’s rating of A1 or higher The company’s cash is held at banks with a Moody’s rating of A1 or higher,EINDHOVEN  the Netherlands  LAUSANNE  Switzerland  and BOSTON  MA USA  March 13  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- March 13  2023 – ONWARD Medical N.V. (Euronext: ONWD)  the medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injury  today announced it does not hold cash deposits nor securities at Silicon Valley Bank (SVB).On March 10  2023  the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation closed SVB and appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) as receiver. ONWARD has no business arrangements nor known exposure to SVB.All banks currently holding cash deposits and securities on behalf of ONWARD carry Moody’s Investors Service ratings of A1 / P-1 or higher on long / short-term deposits.About ONWARD MedicalONWARD is a medical technology company creating innovative therapies to restore movement  independence  and health in people with spinal cord injuries. ONWARD’s work builds on more than a decade of basic science and preclinical research conducted at the world’s leading neuroscience laboratories. ONWARD’s ARC Therapy  which can be delivered by implantable (ARC-IM) or external (ARC-EX) systems  is designed to deliver targeted  programmed spinal cord stimulation to restore movement and other functions in people with spinal cord injury  ultimately improving their quality of life.ONWARD has received eight Breakthrough Device Designations from the US FDA encompassing both ARC-IM and ARC-EX. ARC-EX is an external  non-invasive platform consisting of a stimulator and wireless programmer. Positive top-line data were reported in 2022 from the company’s first pivotal study  called Up-LIFT  evaluating the ability of transcutaneous ARC Therapy to improve upper extremity strength and function. The company is now preparing marketing approval submissions for the US and Europe. ARC-IM consists of an implantable pulse generator and lead placed near the spinal cord. The company completed first-in-human use of the ARC-IM neurostimulator and reported positive interim clinical outcomes for ARC-IM Therapy for improved blood pressure regulation following SCI in 2022.ONWARD is headquartered in Eindhoven  the Netherlands. It maintains a Science and Engineering Center in Lausanne  Switzerland and has a growing US presence in Boston  Massachusetts. The company has an academic partnership with .NeuroRestore  a collaboration between EPFL  the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Lausanne  and Lausanne University Hospital (CHUV). For additional information about the company  please visit ONWD.com . To access our 2023 Financial Calendar  please visit IR.ONWD.com .For Company Enquiries:info@onw d.comFor Media Enquiries:MC Services AGUS: Laurie Doyle  P: +1 339 832 0752Europe: Dr. Johanna Kobler  Katja Arnold  Kaja Skorka  P: +49 89 210 228 0media@onwd.comFor Investor Enquiries:investors@onwd.comDisclaimerCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ current expectations and projections about future events. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve several risks  uncertainties  and assumptions that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and assumptions could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition  and technology  can cause actual events  performance  or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions  or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person’s officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.02,0.89,0.09,negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank', 'Cash Deposits', 'ONWARD', 'targeted, programmed spinal cord stimulation', 'eight Breakthrough Device Designations', 'Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation', 'positive interim clinical outcomes', 'long / short-term deposits', 'ONWARD Medical N.V.', 'Positive top-line data', 'Swiss Federal Institute', 'spinal cord injury', 'spinal cord injuries', 'Silicon Valley Bank', 'Investors Service ratings', 'leading neuroscience laboratories', 'external, non-invasive platform', 'first pivotal study', 'upper extremity strength', 'marketing approval submissions', 'blood pressure regulation', 'MC Services AG', 'Dr. Johanna Kobler', 'implantable pulse generator', 'growing US presence', 'transcutaneous ARC Therapy', 'external (ARC-EX) systems', 'Lausanne University Hospital', 'medical technology company', 'cash deposits', 'MA USA', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'innovative therapies', 'California Department', 'Financial Protection', 'business arrangements', 'a decade', 'preclinical research', 'other functions', 'US FDA', 'wireless programmer', 'human use', 'Engineering Center', 'academic partnership', 'additional information', '2023 Financial Calendar', 'Media Enquiries', 'Laurie Doyle', 'Katja Arnold', 'Kaja Skorka', 'Investor Enquiries', 'press release', 'financial effects', 'subsidiary undertakings', 'actual occurrence', 'undue reliance', 'forward-looking statements', 'ARC-IM Therapy', 'future accuracy', 'basic science', 'current expectations', 'several risks', 'actual results', 'past trends', 'Company Enquiries', 'ARC-IM neurostimulator', 'actual events', 'future events', 'EINDHOVEN', 'Netherlands', 'Switzerland', 'BOSTON', 'March', 'Euronext', 'ONWD', 'movement', 'independence', 'health', 'people', 'securities', 'SVB', 'Innovation', 'FDIC', 'receiver', 'exposure', 'banks', 'behalf', 'Moody', 'A1', 'work', 'world', 'quality', 'life', 'ability', 'Europe', 'Massachusetts', 'NeuroRestore', 'collaboration', 'EPFL', 'CHUV', 'Disclaimer', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'plans', 'multitude', 'factors', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'performance', 'development', 'activities', 'representation', 'obligation', 'update', 'revisions', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'advisers', 'representatives', 'person', 'officers', 'employees', 'errors', 'responsibility']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,globenewswire.com
20442,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/13/2625375/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 10 Mar 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.2770 £ 24.0579 Estimated MTD return 0.03 % 0.07 % Estimated YTD return -1.77 % -1.51 % Estimated ITD return 172.77 % 140.58 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.88 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 870.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -22.27 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 297 058 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 239.5416 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 128.4296The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,globenewswire.com
20443,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AZERION-GROUP-N-V-120380175/news/AFM-has-initiated-an-investigation-into-irregularities-in-trading-of-Azerion-shares-43227361/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,AFM has initiated an investigation into irregularities in trading of Azerion shares,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  13 March 2023 – Today Azerion has announced an investigation by the Autoriteit Financiële Markten   which according to AFM-information known to the Company  appears to be related to compliance with article 15 of the Market Abus…,Amsterdam  13 March 2023 – Today Azerion has announced an investigation by the Autoriteit Financiële Markten (AFM)  which according to AFM-information known to the Company  appears to be related to compliance with article 15 of the Market Abuse Regulation and seems to be focused on the shareholders of Principion Holding B.V.  including Azerion co-CEOs Atilla Aytekin and Umut Akpinar. Principion is Azerion’s largest shareholder.Based on the information available and the information provided by co-CEO Atilla Aytekin  he decided  in close consultation with the Supervisory Board  that the interests of the Company and its stakeholders are best served by him temporarily stepping aside at this moment in time from his duties and responsibilities as co-CEO of the Company.The operational leadership of the Company remains with Azerion’s Executive Committee and broader leadership team  with Umut Akpinar as CEO and Ben Davey as CFO. This is a continuation of the current day-to-day practice for organic and inorganic activities. The team remains focused on fulfilling Azerion’s strategy and dedicated execution of the business plan.The AFM approached Azerion on Tuesday 7 March 2023 to obtain information. The Company is fully available to answer any questions of the AFM.The Supervisory Board has installed a Special Committee to steer the process and to be kept fully informed.The Company is limited in its possibilities to provide further information pending the investigation  and will share information if and when appropriate.About AzerionAzerion is a high-growth digital entertainment and media platform. As a content-driven  technology and data company  Azerion serves consumers  digital publishers  advertisers  and game creators globally. Azerion’s integrated platform provides technology solutions to automate the purchase and sale of digital advertising for media buyers and sellers  supported by in-market sales and campaign management teams. Through our technology  content creators  digital publishers and advertisers work with Azerion to reach the millions of people across the globe that play Azerion’s games and view its distributed entertainment content to increase engagement  loyalty  and drive e-commerce.Founded in 2014 by two Dutch entrepreneurs  Azerion has experienced rapid expansion driven by organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Azerion is headquartered in Amsterdam  the Netherlands and is a publicly traded company listed on Euronext Amsterdam.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.For more information visit: www.azerion.comContactInvestor Relationsir@azerion.comMediapress@azerion.comDISCLAIMERThe companies in which Azerion Group N.V. directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this announcement “Azerion”  “Azerion Group”  “Company” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Azerion Group N.V. and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise  the words “we”  “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Azerion Group N.V. and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them.This press release is for information purposes only. The information contained in this press release does not purport to be full or complete and  in particular  is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision. No reliance may be placed by any person for any purpose on the information contained in this press release or its accuracy  fairness or completeness. Azerion will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided.This press release may include forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts may be forward-looking statements. Words and expressions such as believes  estimates  plans  projects  anticipates  expects  intends  may  will  should or other similar words or expressions are typically used to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and other factors that are difficult to predict and that may cause the actual results of Azerion to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements reflect Azerion's current views and assumptions based on information currently available to Azerion's management. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made  and Azerion does not assume any obligation to update such statements  except as required by law. No assurances can be given that the forward-looking statements will be realised. No representation or warranty is made that any of these forward-looking statements will come to pass or that any estimated result will be achieved. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements.,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,mixed,0.1,0.15,0.75,True,English,"['Azerion shares', 'AFM', 'investigation', 'irregularities', 'trading', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Principion Holding B.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Azerion Group N.V.', 'CEOs Atilla Aytekin', 'two Dutch entrepreneurs', 'separate legal entities', 'campaign management teams', 'high-growth digital entertainment', 'CEO Atilla Aytekin', 'broader leadership team', 'other similar words', 'The Supervisory Board', 'market sales', 'operational leadership', 'entertainment content', 'other factors', 'digital publishers', 'digital advertising', 'Umut Akpinar', 'largest shareholder', 'close consultation', 'Executive Committee', 'Ben Davey', 'inorganic activities', 'dedicated execution', 'business plan', 'Tuesday 7 March', 'Special Committee', 'game creators', 'integrated platform', 'content creators', 'rapid expansion', 'strategic acquisitions', 'press release', 'Investor Relations', 'investment decision', 'historical facts', 'actual results', 'future results', 'forward-looking statements', 'media platform', 'content-driven, technology', 'technology solutions', 'media buyers', 'organic growth', 'current views', 'undue reliance', 'Today Azerion', 'The AFM', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'inside information', 'information purposes', 'data company', 'investigation', 'AFM-information', 'compliance', 'article', 'shareholders', 'interests', 'stakeholders', 'moment', 'time', 'duties', 'CFO', 'continuation', 'practice', 'strategy', 'questions', 'process', 'possibilities', 'consumers', 'advertisers', 'purchase', 'sellers', 'millions', 'people', 'globe', 'games', 'engagement', 'loyalty', 'commerce', 'Netherlands', 'meaning', 'Contact', 'DISCLAIMER', 'companies', 'investments', 'announcement', 'convenience', 'references', 'subsidiaries', 'general', 'basis', 'person', 'accuracy', 'fairness', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'expressions', 'believes', 'estimates', 'plans', 'projects', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'date', 'obligation', 'law', 'assurances', 'representation', 'warranty', 'estimated']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20444,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-group-announces-that-it-expects-to-have-full-access-today-to-its-cash-on-deposit-at-silicon-valley-bank-limited-in-light-of-uk-government-announcement-301769932.html,Pharming Group announces that it expects to have full access today to its cash on deposit at Silicon Valley Bank Limited in light of UK Government announcement,"LEIDEN  Netherlands  March 13  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") ( Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM / Nasdaq: PHAR) is aware that Silicon Valley Bank Limited (""SVB UK"") has today been sold to HSBC UK Bank plc. This transaction ha…","LEIDEN  Netherlands  March 13  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"" or ""the Company"") ( Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM /Nasdaq: PHAR) is aware that Silicon Valley Bank Limited (""SVB UK"") has today been sold to HSBC UK Bank plc. This transaction has been facilitated by the Bank of England  in consultation with the Treasury  using powers granted by the Banking Act 2009.The announcement by the UK government states that customer deposits have been protected and that customers of SVB UK will be able to access their deposits and banking services as normal from today.As a result of these actions  Pharming expects to have access to the US$19 million it has on deposit at SVB UK  and to not bear any losses on these deposits.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments and statements regarding the various proceedings in the US and UK  including how  if at all  Pharming may be able to recover cash deposited with SVB US and Silicon Valley Bank UK Limited. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: [email protected]FTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy Byrne T: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon Melens T: +31 6 53 81 64 27 E: [email protected]Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2003587/3935927/Pharming_Group_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.85,True,English,"['Silicon Valley Bank Limited', 'UK Government announcement', 'Pharming Group', 'full access', 'cash', 'deposit', 'light', 'Silicon Valley Bank UK Limited', 'SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.', 'Silicon Valley Bank Limited', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'HSBC UK Bank plc', 'working capital requirements', 'U.S. Securities', 'Corporate Communications T', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'Amy Byrne T', 'Leon Melens T', 'protein replacement therapies', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'clinical, scientific, regulatory', 'VP Investor Relations', 'gene therapies', 'SVB UK', 'UK government', 'Banking Act', 'banking services', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'actual results', 'preclinical studies', 'clinical trials', 'product candidates', 'cash resources', 'technical developments', 'various proceedings', '2021 Annual Report', 'Form 20-F', 'Exchange Commission', 'undue reliance', 'Michael Levitan', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'press release', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'cautionary statements', 'similar terms', 'SVB US', 'The Netherlands', 'unknown risks', 'other risks', 'customer deposits', 'public information', 'LEIDEN', 'PRNewswire', 'Nasdaq', 'transaction', 'England', 'consultation', 'Treasury', 'powers', 'announcement', 'customers', 'today', 'actions', 'access', 'losses', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'phrases', 'ambition', 'milestones', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'plan', 'project', 'target', 'Examples', 'respect', 'timing', 'progress', 'commercial', 'prospects', 'number', 'scope', 'expansion', 'ramifications', 'cost', 'light', 'year', 'circumstances', 'entirety', 'section', 'Readers', 'obligation', 'disclosure', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'London', 'Logo', '31']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,prnewswire.com
20445,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MBH-CORPORATION-PLC-47174333/news/MBH-Corporation-Plc-43227668/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,MBH Corporation Plc:,(marketscreener.com) MBH Corporation Plc MBH Corporation Plc: 13-March-2023 / 07:40 GMT/BSTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.THIS ANNOUNCEMENT  TOGETHER WITH ANY DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  SHALL …,MBH Corporation Plc (M8H)MBH Corporation Plc:13-March-2023 / 07:40 GMT/BSTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.THIS ANNOUNCEMENT  TOGETHER WITH ANY DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  SHALL BE DEEMED TO CONSTITUTE AN ADMISSION DOCUMENT FOR THE PURPOSES OF THE AQSE GROWTH MARKET ACCESS RULEBOOK. IT HAS NOT BEEN APPROVED OR REVIEWED BY THE AQUIS STOCK EXCHANGE OR THE FINANCIAL CONDUCT AUTHORITY.13 March 2023MBH Corporation Plc(“MBH” or the “Company”)Admission to the Access Segment of the AQSE Growth MarketMBH is pleased to announce that trading of its shares consisting of 118 773 713 Ordinary Shares of nominal value of €0.01 per share will commence at 0800 GMT today on the Access segment of the AQSE Growth Market  with ISIN number GB00BF1GH114 (“Admission”).About MBH CorporationMBH is a diversified investment holding company  listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange and on the Primärmarkt of the Düsseldorf Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol M8H and M8H:GR  respectively  and as of 13 March 2023 on the AQSE Growth Market. The Company acquires small to medium enterprises across multiple geographies and sectors that are well established  profitable and looking to scale  in the US$0.5m - US$5m EBIT range.The Company fully owns subsidiaries in multiple industries including construction  education  leisure  healthcare  food & beverage  property  engineering and transport sectors. Most of these subsidiaries have been acquired through an exchange of shares by the company owners for new MBH shares. Against the background of a favourable interest rate environment  MBH has also recently started to make loan-financed acquisitions through its bonds program listed on Euronext Dublin. By leveraging its agglomeration strategy  MBH aims to create shareholder value through the consistent and accretive acquisition of excellent companies.The core principle is that MBH protects and preserves what made a business profitable  then places the same into a community of like-minded businesses with the sole intention of enhancing the value of each individual group company.The strategy is for companies to convert their private shares into public shares in MBH at an agreed multiple. Locked up for 365 days  company owners are then incentivised to accelerate their growth trajectory using the resources of the plc including expertise  skill transfer of best-in-class practices  cross selling to other group companies and where appropriate  zero cost funding for new growth projects.Each group company retains its autonomy by following appropriate Corporate and Financial Governance and business owners are incentivised financially to enhance shareholder value of which  of course  they are one.Investment portfolioDetails of the companies owned by MBH can be found on the Company’s website: https://www.mbhcorporation.com/mbh-companiesInformation pursuant to AQSE Access Rule 6.2GeneralThe information published in the Company’s Prospectus approved by the FCA on 8 November 2018 and passported to the German financial authority (BaFin) in connection with the Company’s listing are incorporated by reference to this announcement. The Prospectus is available at https://www.mbhcorporation.com/mbh-corporation-plc-prospectus.Further information is available on the Company’s website at https://www.mbhcorporation.com. The Company was incorporated on 20 June 2016 in England and Wales under the Companies Act 2006 with company number 10238873.Lock-in AgreementThere are 19 lock-in agreements in place  pursuant to which each holder of the shares has agreed with the Company not to dispose or enter into any arrangement on the ordinary shares he/she is entitled to receive under the Agglomeration Agreement entered into in connection with the acquisition of the relevant company  for a period of 12 months from the issuance of the shares.Their details are set out below: (Total shares 10 568 656)Relevant Company: Acacia Training LimitedVictoria Sylvester  2 363 887 sharesRyan Sylvester  2 363 887 sharesHayley Marriott  973 081 sharesJoe Turner  973 081 sharesLisa Davies  973 081 sharesRelevant Company: Robinsons Caravans Holding Company LimitedStuart Smith  61 551 sharesJarrod Clay  102 586 sharesMo Miah  61 551 sharesMark Birchall  102 586 sharesSimon Martin  30 776 sharesJanet Barnes  30 776 sharesJordan Hastie  410 343 sharesPaul Seabridge  943 789 sharesBen Seabridge  307 758 sharesRelevant Company: 3Ks Engineering Company LimitedKevin Hanbury  217 481 sharesKarl Hanbury  217 481 sharesPaul Seabridge  144 987 sharesGoran Pregelj  144 987 sharesBen Harbour  144 987 sharesCORPORATE GOVERNANCEBoardVictoria Sylvester  CEO and Executive DirectorVictoria is the ESG lead and MBH Principal of her own company within the group  Acacia Training Limited. Victoria started her business aged 21 and supported by her team  has grown the business over the past 19 years  bringing the business into MBH in 2018. Victoria has experience in the UK education sector and social care  as well as experience of supporting business turnaround with other companies and voluntary roles within education related governing boards.Callum Laing  Non-Executive ChairCallum is an entrepreneur with more than 20 years of experience. He has started and built companies in multiple countries and industries and has been responsible for the acquisition of dozens of businesses in a range of industries.Callum has also held positions as World Business Angel Forum High Commissioner to Singapore and an Ambassador to DealGateway.com Callum is an author of 3 business books.Stanislaw Patey  Non-Executive Vice-ChairStanislaw has considerable corporate experience at operational level. For many years he has acted as an M&A Advisor  Corporate Strategist and mentor to many Chief Executive Officers and large private family offices in the UK.His expertise spans across various industries  such as Venture Capital  Private Equity  Energy  Engineering  IT and Food Manufacture/Distribution.Kevin Potter  Executive DirectorA joiner by trade  Kevin has been in business for more than 35 years. At 21 he became the youngest accredited NHBC builder and developer  building his first two new properties in Essex followed by many more luxury properties and successful developments for high end clients. Kevin is currently CEO of Guildprime Specialist Contracts Ltd  a company specialized in luxury fit outs and refurbishments for high end retail brands  sporting venues  commercial office spaces and prime residential properties.Vicky Smith  Executive DirectorVicky Smith has been successful in the health and social care sector since leaving higher education over 15 years ago. She started her career as a care assistant within the sector and in 2014 became a Registered Manager of an EMI residential home.Vicky is now the Managing Director of Samuel Hobson House - a care home in Staffordshire.Lisa Maynard-Atem  Non-Executive DirectorLisa Maynard-Atem is the Managing Director of the Black United Representation Network (BURN CIC)  an organisation focused on the economic and social empowerment of the Black community. Previous to this  Lisa worked as a Social Media Strategist both as a consultant and for Harrods  heading up their social media department for 7.5 years.Remuneration and Benefits for the year ended 31 Dec 2022Totals: £186 665 in Shares  Cash  £79 280  Total (£) 265 945Victoria Sylvester  ED-CEO  £66 666 in shares  £14 820 cash  Total £81 486Callum Laing  NED-Chair  £66 666 in shares  £14 820 cash  Total £81 486Stainslaw Patey  NED-Vice Chair  £20 000 in shares  £20 000 cash  Total £40 000Kevin Potter  ED  £14 820 cash  Total £14 820Vicky Smith  ED  £14 820 cash  Total £14 820Lisa Maynard-Atem NED  £33 333 in shares  Total £33 333Shareholdings and stock options as of [17] February 2023Totals: Shares 16 109 192  Shareholding (%) 13.56%Victoria Sylvester  4 830 328 shares  4.07% ShareholdingCallum Laing  6 509 172 shares  5.48% ShareholdingStanislaw Patey  338 413 shares  0.28% ShareholdingKevin Potter  3 862 324 shares  3.25% ShareholdingVictoria Smith  200 000 shares  0.17% ShareholdingLisa Mayard-Atem  368 955 shares  0.31% ShareholdingThe Company does not have any stock options in issue.Aquis Rule Compliance CommitteeIn addition to the Audit Committee  the Company has set up an Aquis Rule Compliance Committee  which will meet not less than twice a year.SHAREHOLDER AND SECURITY HOLDER INFORMATIONMajor shareholders: No shareholders have different voting rights.Legal and arbitration proceedings: No member of the Group is or has been involved in any governmental  legal or arbitration proceedings which may have  or have had during the 12 months preceding the date of this document  a significant effect on the Group’s financial position or profitability and  so far as the Directors are aware  there are no such proceedings pending or threatened against any member of the Group.Conflicts of interests: A Director shall not vote on any matter in which he or she has a conflict of interest.Related party transactions: There are no related party transactions for the period covered by the historical financial information and up to the date of this document  other than intercompany transactions within the group (i.e. management fees  sales  dividends  intercompany loans).Articles of Association: There is no provision of the Company’s articles of association that would have an effect of delaying  deferring or preventing a change in control of the Company.SETTLEMENT AND TRADINGThe Ordinary Shares have been admitted to CREST. Accordingly  settlement of transactions in the Ordinary Shares following Admission may take place within the CREST system if relevant Shareholders so wish.CREST is the paperless settlement system operated by Euroclear enabling securities to be evidenced otherwise than by certificates and transferred otherwise than by written instruments.The directors of the Company accept responsibility for the contents of the announcement.For further information  please contact:CEOVictoria Sylvesterinfo@mbhcorporation.comFor IR and media enquiries:Charlotte Fordhamcharlotte.fordham@mbhcorporation.com+44 (0) 770 396 3953Corporate AdviserFirst Sentinel Corporate Finance LimitedBrian Stockbridgebrian@first-sentinel.com+44 (0) 7876 888 011,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.19,0.58,True,English,"['MBH Corporation Plc', 'Robinsons Caravans Holding Company Limited', 'AQSE GROWTH MARKET ACCESS RULEBOOK', 'small to medium enterprises', 'favourable interest rate environment', 'Düsseldorf Stock Exchange', 'diversified investment holding company', '3Ks Engineering Company Limited', 'Acacia Training Limited', 'AQSE Access Rule', 'new growth projects', 'AQUIS STOCK EXCHANGE', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', '5m EBIT range', 'zero cost funding', 'FINANCIAL CONDUCT AUTHORITY', 'German financial authority', 'CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Board', 'UK education sector', 'individual group company', 'other group companies', 'MBH Corporation Plc', 'new MBH shares', 'growth trajectory', 'Financial Governance', 'Access Segment', 'Investment portfolio', 'appropriate Corporate', 'ISIN number', 'Primärmarkt', 'ticker symbol', 'company owners', 'loan-financed acquisitions', 'bonds program', 'Euronext Dublin', 'core principle', 'minded businesses', 'sole intention', 'skill transfer', 'class practices', 'company number', 'relevant company', 'Ryan Sylvester', 'Hayley Marriott', 'Joe Turner', 'Lisa Davies', 'Stuart Smith', 'Jarrod Clay', 'Mo Miah', 'Mark Birchall', 'Simon Martin', 'Janet Barnes', 'Jordan Hastie', 'Paul Seabridge', 'Ben Seabridge', 'Kevin Hanbury', 'Karl Hanbury', 'Goran Pregelj', 'Ben Harbour', 'Executive Director', 'ESG lead', 'past 19 years', 'excellent companies', 'Companies Act', 'nominal value', 'shareholder value', 'multiple geographies', 'multiple industries', 'Further information', 'MBH Principal', 'The Company', 'transport sectors', 'agglomeration strategy', 'accretive acquisition', 'companies Information', '19 lock-in agreements', 'Agglomeration Agreement', 'Victoria Sylvester', 'ADMISSION DOCUMENT', 'M8H:GR', 'business owners', '118,773,713 Ordinary Shares', 'private shares', 'public shares', 'Total shares', 'The Prospectus', '2,363,887 shares', '973,081 shares', '61,551 shares', '102,586 shares', '30,776 shares', '343 shares', '943,789 shares', '307,758 shares', '217,481 shares', '144,987 shares', '07:40 GMT', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'DOCUMENTS', 'REFERENCE', 'PURPOSES', 'March', 'trading', '0800 GMT', 'scale', 'subsidiaries', 'construction', 'leisure', 'healthcare', 'food', 'beverage', 'property', 'background', 'consistent', 'community', '365 days', 'resources', 'expertise', 'autonomy', 'Details', 'website', 'General', 'FCA', '8 November', 'BaFin', 'connection', 'listing', 'mbhcorporation', 'mbh-corporation', '20 June', 'England', 'Wales', 'place', 'arrangement', 'period', '12 months', 'issuance', 'CEO', 'team', 'experience', 'socia']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20446,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wolters-kluwer-international-arbitration-expert-to-speak-at-efila-annual-conference-2023-301770200.html,Wolters Kluwer international arbitration expert to speak at EFILA Annual Conference 2023,Kluwer Arbitration's Ewa Cairns-Szkatula will explore best practices for international arbitration legal professionals NEW YORK  March 13  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Ewa Cairns-Szkatula  Director of Technology Product Management at Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory…,"Kluwer Arbitration's Ewa Cairns-Szkatula will explore best practices for international arbitration legal professionalsNEW YORK  March 13  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Ewa Cairns-Szkatula  Director of Technology Product Management at Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.  will be speaking at this year's European Federation for Investment Law and Arbitration (EFILA) Annual Conference on March 16 in Madrid. The session titled ""Kluwer Arbitration: Data-Driven Arbitrator  Expert Witness and Counsel Selection "" will take place at 12:45 PM.Drawing on her expertise in international arbitration  Cairns-Szkatula will highlight Kluwer Arbitration's Profile Navigator and Relationship Indicator  tools that enable users to find and compare information about arbitrators  expert witnesses  and counsels. With user-friendly search options  legal professionals can use the tools to find profiles by name or by selected criteria  as well as search for relationships between individuals or entities to uncover potential conflict of interest.""The extensive resources provided by Kluwer Arbitration allow legal professionals to successfully make informed decisions to build strong cases and identify the right arbitrator "" said Cairns-Szkatula. ""I am looking forward to connecting with this group of industry professionals and discussing the future of international arbitration  particularly as it relates to the well-debated developments in climate change.""Kluwer Arbitration provides exclusive access to arbitration resources and a streamlined research experience that supports legal professionals in identifying the right arbitrator for their case. With more than 17 000 data-driven profiles and relationships of arbitration practitioners and experts  the Profile Navigator and Relationship Indicator tools within the solution provide users with easy access to information that is typically confidential  saving time on research and replacing a cumbersome and incomplete process with a data-backed up approach. Legal professionals using the solution are sure to receive practical guidance  data-driven information  a rich collection of awards  and superior deep domain expertise content that will help them in building a winning case strategy. Wolters Kluwer's Kluwer Arbitration has recently won several prestigious industry awards  including 2022 SIIA Business Technology CODiE Awards  2022 LegalTech Breakthrough Awards  2022 Stevie's International Business Awards  among others.""Kluwer Arbitration's Profile Navigator and Relationship Indicator tools are yet another excellent addition to the extensive resources Kluwer Arbitration offers "" said Prof. Dr. Nikos Lavranos  LL.M.  Secretary General of EFILA. ""Having been involved in the development of these tools  I can assure that they are a must-have for all practitioners and academics who are working in international arbitration. The dynamic development of the tools will ensure that they will only get better over time  and thus indispensable.""EFILA has been established in Brussels as a think-tank to promote the knowledge of all aspects of EU and international investment law  including arbitration  at the European level. The EFILA Annual Conference will bring together industry experts to discuss international investment law issues  with this year's focus on climate change.To register and learn more  visit: www.efila.org/annual-conference-2023/About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.MEDIA CONTACT:Linda GharibDirector  Brand & CommunicationsWolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Tel: +1 (646) 887-7962Email: [email protected]SOURCE Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.68,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer international arbitration expert', 'EFILA Annual Conference', 'superior deep domain expertise content', '2022 SIIA Business Technology CODiE Awards', 'Prof. Dr. Nikos Lavranos', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'several prestigious industry awards', 'international investment law issues', 'The EFILA Annual Conference', 'International Business Awards', 'deep domain knowledge', 'international arbitration legal professionals', 'Technology Product Management', '2022 LegalTech Breakthrough Awards', 'user-friendly search options', 'data-backed up approach', 'EFILA) Annual Conference', 'Regulatory U.S.', 'winning case strategy', 'Linda Gharib Director', 'Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'Relationship Indicator tools', 'specialized technology', 'industry professionals', '2022 annual revenues', 'Kluwer Arbitration', 'industry experts', 'best practices', 'NEW YORK', 'European Federation', 'Data-Driven Arbitrator', 'Expert Witness', 'Counsel Selection', 'Profile Navigator', 'potential conflict', 'extensive resources', 'informed decisions', 'strong cases', 'right arbitrator', 'climate change', 'exclusive access', 'arbitration resources', 'easy access', 'incomplete process', 'rich collection', 'excellent addition', 'LL.M.', 'Secretary General', 'European level', 'global leader', 'software solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'ESG sectors', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', 'MEDIA CONTACT', 'Ewa Cairns-Szkatula', 'research experience', '17,000 data-driven profiles', 'arbitration practitioners', 'dynamic development', 'data-driven information', 'professional information', 'PRNewswire', 'year', 'March', 'Madrid', 'session', 'place', 'users', 'counsels', 'name', 'criteria', 'relationships', 'individuals', 'entities', 'interest', 'group', 'future', 'developments', 'time', 'cumbersome', 'Stevie', 'others', 'must', 'academics', 'Brussels', 'think-tank', 'aspects', 'focus', 'annual-conference', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'customers', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Brand', 'Communications', 'Tel', 'Email', '12:45']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,prnewswire.com
20447,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/03/13/2625367/0/en/Press-Release-Sanofi-to-acquire-Provention-Bio-adding-to-portfolio-TZIELD-the-first-disease-modifying-treatment-for-the-delay-of-Stage-3-type-1-diabetes-T1D.html,Press Release: Sanofi to acquire Provention Bio  adding to portfolio TZIELD  the first disease-modifying treatment for the delay of Stage 3 type 1 diabetes (T1D),Sanofi to acquire Provention Bio  adding to portfolio TZIELD  the first disease-modifying treatment for the delay of Stage 3 type 1 diabetes (T1D) ...,English FrenchSanofi to acquire Provention Bio  adding to portfolio TZIELD  the first disease-modifying treatment for the delay of Stage 3 type 1 diabetes (T1D)Paris and Red Bank  N.J. March 13  2023 Sanofi and Provention Bio  Inc.  a U.S.-based  publicly traded biopharmaceutical company focused on intercepting and preventing immune-mediated diseases including type 1 diabetes (T1D)  have entered into an agreement under which Sanofi has agreed to acquire Provention Bio  Inc.  for $25.00 per share in cash  representing an equity value of approximately $2.9 billion.The transaction adds an innovative  fully owned  first-in-class therapy in type 1 diabetes to Sanofi’s core asset portfolio in General Medicines and further drives its strategic shift toward products with a differentiated profile. TZIELD (teplizumab-mzwv) was approved in the U.S. last year as the first and only therapy to delay the onset of Stage 3 type 1 diabetes (T1D) in adults and pediatric patients aged 8 years and older with Stage 2 T1D.The acquisition is a strategic fit for Sanofi at the intersection of the company’s growth in immune-mediated diseases and disease-modifying therapies in areas of high unmet need  and its expertise in diabetes. Sanofi will continue to utilize its capabilities in diabetes to maximize TZIELD’s potential as a transformative therapy globally and in the U.S.  aiming to delay the onset of Stage 3 type 1 diabetes for some of the approximately 65 000 people diagnosed every year1. The purchase builds on an existing co-promotion agreement with Provention Bio that is already delivering TZIELD to patients in need of this immune-mediated therapy.Olivier CharmeilExecutive Vice President  General Medicines  Sanofi“The acquisition of Provention Bio builds on Sanofi’s mission to deliver best- and first-in-class medicines and resonates with our purpose of chasing the miracles of science for the benefit of people. By coupling Provention Bio’s transformative innovation with Sanofi’s expertise  we aim to bring life-changing benefits to people at risk of developing Stage 3 type 1 diabetes. Any additional indications  approvals and pipeline assets only serve to further our excitement. Given our existing partnership and complementary work in the diabetes and immunology spaces  we foresee a seamless integration and execution.”TZIELD: First and only treatment indicated to delay onset of Stage 3 T1DTZIELD is a CD3-directed antibody indicated to delay the onset of Stage 3 T1D in adults and pediatric patients aged 8 years and older with Stage 2 T1D. Stage 3 T1D is associated with significant health risks  including diabetic ketoacidosis  which can be life threatening  and patients who progress to Stage 3 T1D eventually require insulin injections for life.TZIELD is also in late-stage clinical development for the treatment of pediatric and adolescent patients that are newly diagnosed with clinical T1D (Stage 3). A Phase 3 trial  PROTECT  is currently underway and top line results are expected in the second half of 2023. Additional opportunities for TZIELD include re-dosing and formulations as well as new therapeutic indications.Ashleigh PalmerChief Executive Officer and Co-Founder  Provention Bio  Inc.“Sanofi and Provention Bio share a common vision of bringing new therapies to patients with autoimmune diseases. Under our co-promotion agreement  our companies have made significant progress educating healthcare providers and increasing patient access during the initial U.S. commercial launch of TZIELD. Sanofi’s global expertise and commitment to immunology makes them an ideal acquiror and positions our innovative therapy to reach more patients as quickly as possible.”Provention Bio also brings certain pipeline assets in early development in immune-mediated diseases.Transaction TermsUnder the terms of the merger agreement  Sanofi will commence a cash tender offer to acquire all outstanding shares of Provention Bio  Inc. for $25.00 per share in cash  reflecting a total equity value of approximately $2.9 billion.The consummation of the tender offer is subject to customary closing conditions  including the tender of a number of shares of Provention Bio  Inc. common stock  that together with shares already owned by Sanofi or its affiliates  represents at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Provention Bio  Inc. common stock  the expiration or termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976  and other customary conditions.If the tender offer is successfully completed  then following the successful completion of the tender offer  a wholly owned subsidiary of Sanofi will merge with and into Provention Bio  Inc.  and all of the outstanding Provention Bio  Inc. shares that are not tendered in the tender offer will be converted into the right to receive the same $25.00 per share in cash offered to Provention Bio  Inc. shareholders in the tender offer. Sanofi plans to fund the transaction with available cash resources. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of customary closing conditions  Sanofi currently expects to complete the acquisition in the second quarter of 2023.PJT Partners is acting as exclusive financial advisor to Sanofi and Weil  Gotshal & Manges LLP is acting as its legal counsel. BofA Securities  Inc. and Centerview Partners LLC are acting as financial advisors to Provention Bio  Inc. and Ropes & Gray LLP is acting as its legal counsel.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYAbout Provention Bio  Inc.Provention Bio  Inc. is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on advancing the development and commercialization of investigational therapies that may intercept and prevent debilitating and life-threatening immune-mediated diseases. The Company's pipeline includes clinical-stage product candidates that have demonstrated in pre-clinical or clinical studies proof-of-mechanism and/or proof-of-concept in autoimmune diseases  including T1D  celiac disease and lupus. Visit www.proventionbio.com for more information and follow on Twitter: @ProventionBio.Provention Bio  Inc. is listed on Nasdaq: PRVBAbout T1DType 1 diabetes is a condition caused by autoimmune damage of the insulin-producing beta-cells of the pancreas. As a result of this autoimmune attack  the body produces very little or no insulin which can lead to death if the insulin is not replaced.Living with T1D is complex. In addition to daily insulin injections or infusion via an insulin pump  people living with T1D also need to adopt a strict management plan which includes regular blood sugar monitoring  healthy diet and physical activity.Media RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | + 1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comProvention Bio  Inc. Investor RelationsKristen Keller | investorrelations@proventionbio.comSanofi Forward-Looking Statements2This press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements may include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product  and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “will be”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful and risks related to Sanofi’s ability to complete the acquisition on the proposed terms or on the proposed timeline  including the receipt of required regulatory approvals  the possibility that competing offers will be made  other risks associated with executing business combination transactions  such as the risk that the businesses will not be integrated successfully  that such integration may be more difficult  time-consuming or costly than expected or that the expected benefits of the acquisition will not be realized  as well as other risks related Sanofi’s business  including the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Provention Bio  Inc. Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements  including all statements regarding the intent  belief or current expectation of Provention Bio  Inc. (“Provention Bio  Inc.”) and members of its senior management team and can typically be identified by words such as “believe ” “expect ” “estimate ” “predict ” “target ” “potential ” “likely ” “continue ” “ongoing ” “could ” “should ” “intend ” “may ” “might ” “plan ” “seek ” “anticipate ” “project” and similar expressions  as well as variations or negatives of these words. Forward-looking statements include  without limitation  statements regarding the proposed transaction  prospective performance  future plans  events  expectations  performance  objectives and opportunities and the outlook for Provention Bio  Inc.’s business; the commercial success of Provention Bio  Inc.’s products and pipeline; the expected timing of the completion of the transaction; the ability to complete the transaction considering the various closing conditions; and the accuracy of any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ from expectations contemplated by forward-looking statements include: uncertainties as to the timing of the tender offer and merger; uncertainties as to how many of Provention Bio  Inc.’s stockholders will tender their stock in the offer; the possibility that various closing conditions for the transaction may not be satisfied or waived  including that a governmental entity may prohibit  delay or refuse to grant approval for the consummation of the transaction; the occurrence of any event  change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement; the effects of the transaction (or the announcement thereof) on relationships with associates  customers  manufacturers  suppliers  other business partners or governmental entities or patient groups; transaction costs; the risk that the merger will divert management’s attention from Provention Bio  Inc.’s ongoing business operations; changes in Provention Bio  Inc.’s businesses during the period between now and the closing; risks associated with litigation; failure to maintain FDA approval for TZIELD; uncertainties that the planned commercial launch in the U.S. for TZIELD is successful in part or at all for various reasons including the actual market size and drug supply needed may not be consistent with Provention Bio  Inc.’s expectations and its executed commercial readiness plans; uncertainties as to the degree to which TZIELD is accepted by patients and prescribed by physicians; uncertainties as to the efficiency of Provention Bio  Inc.’s manufacturing  sales  distribution and specialty pharmacy network in getting TZIELD to the market and future economic  competitive  reimbursement and regulatory conditions that could negatively impact the commercial launch of TZIELD; risks that the post-marketing commitment studies for TZIELD may not yield data consistent with prior results; the risk that TZIELD may cause undesirable side effects that could limit its commercial potential; the possibility that Provention Bio  Inc. is not able to execute on its business plans including meeting its expected or planned regulatory milestones and timelines  clinical development plans and successfully bringing its product candidates to market  for various reasons  including factors outside of Provention Bio  Inc.’s control  such as possible limitations of Provention Bio  Inc.’s financial and other resources  competition  manufacturing limitations that may not be anticipated or resolved for in a timely manner or at all  and regulatory  court or agency decisions  such as decisions by the United States Patent and Trademark Office with respect to patents that cover its product candidates  the potential for noncompliance with FDA regulations; the potential impacts of COVID-19 on Provention Bio  Inc.’s business and financial results; changes in law  regulations  or interpretations and enforcement of regulatory guidance; uncertainties of patent protection and litigation; competition  other risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in documents filed with the SEC by Provention Bio  Inc.  including current reports on Form 8-K  quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and annual reports on Form 10-K  as well as the Schedule 14D-9 to be filed by Provention Bio  Inc.. As with any pharmaceutical under development  there are significant risks in the development  regulatory approval  and commercialization of new products. All forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to Provention Bio  Inc.  and Provention Bio  Inc. assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  except as may be required by applicable law. The information set forth herein speaks only as of the date hereof.Additional Information for US Shareholders and Where to Find ItThe tender offer for the outstanding shares of common stock of Provention Bio  Inc. referenced in this communication has not yet commenced. This communication is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell shares of Provention Bio  Inc.  nor is it a substitute for the tender offer materials that Sanofi and its acquisition subsidiary will file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) upon commencement of the tender offer. At the time the tender offer is commenced  Sanofi and its acquisition subsidiary will file a tender offer statement on Schedule TO  and Provention Bio  Inc. will file a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 with the SEC with respect to the tender offer. The tender offer statement on Schedule TO (including an Offer to Purchase  a related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents) and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement will contain important information. HOLDERS OF SHARES OF PROVENTION BIO  INC. ARE URGED TO READ THESE DOCUMENTS WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE (AS EACH MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME) BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT PROVENTION BIO  INC. STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION REGARDING TENDERING THEIR SHARES. The Offer to Purchase  the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents  as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement  will be made available to all holders of shares of Provention Bio.  Inc. at no expense to them. The tender offer materials and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement will be made available for free at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov. Additional copies may be obtained for free by contacting Sanofi’s Investor Relations Department at ir@sanofi.com or on Sanofi’s website at https://en.sanofi.com/investors or by contacting Kristen Kelleher  Investor Relations  at investorrelations@proventionbio.com  or on Proventon Bio  Inc.’s website  www.proventionbio.com.In addition to the Offer to Purchase  the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents  as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement  Sanofi files annual and special reports and other information with the SEC and Provention Bio.  Inc. files annual  quarterly and special reports and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any reports or other information filed by Sanofi and Provention Bio.  Inc. at the SEC public reference room at 100 F. Street  N.E.  Washington D.C. 20549. Please call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. Sanofi’s and Provention Bio.  Inc.’s filings with the SEC are also available to the public from commercial document-retrieval services and at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov1 Based on Sanofi analysis derived from the 2020 CDC National Diabetes Statistics Report https://www.cdc.gov/diabetes/pdfs/data/statistics/national-diabetes-statistics-report.pdfAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.9,0.1,mixed,0.55,0.09,0.35,True,English,"['first disease-modifying treatment', 'Stage 3 type 1 diabetes', 'Press Release', 'Provention Bio', 'Sanofi', 'portfolio', 'TZIELD', 'delay', 'T1D', 'Olivier Charmeil Executive Vice President', 'initial U.S. commercial launch', 'Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'A Phase 3 trial', 'top line results', 'other customary conditions', 'innovative, fully owned', 'significant health risks', 'customary closing conditions', 'core asset portfolio', 'high unmet need', 'late-stage clinical development', 'new therapeutic indications', 'total equity value', 'available cash resources', 'Stage 3 type 1 diabetes', 'outstanding Provention Bio', 'Inc. common stock', 'first disease-modifying treatment', 'cash tender offer', 'disease-modifying therapies', 'additional indications', 'new therapies', 'significant progress', 'early development', 'common vision', 'innovative therapy', 'clinical T1D', 'English French', 'Red Bank', 'N.J.', 'immune-mediated diseases', 'General Medicines', 'strategic shift', 'differentiated profile', 'strategic fit', 'class medicines', 'transformative innovation', 'life-changing benefits', 'pipeline assets', 'existing partnership', 'complementary work', 'seamless integration', 'CD3-directed antibody', 'diabetic ketoacidosis', 'insulin injections', 'second half', 'Additional opportunities', 'Ashleigh Palmer', 'autoimmune diseases', 'healthcare providers', 'patient access', 'waiting period', 'successful completion', 'Stage 2 T1D.', 'Stage 3 T1D', 'outstanding shares', 'class therapy', 'transformative therapy', 'immune-mediated therapy', 'promotion agreement', 'merger agreement', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'immunology spaces', 'global expertise', 'Inc. shares', 'pediatric patients', 'Transaction Terms', 'Sanofi', 'TZIELD', 'delay', 'Paris', 'products', 'onset', 'adults', 'acquisition', 'intersection', 'growth', 'areas', 'capabilities', 'potential', '65,000 people', 'purchase', 'mission', 'resonates', 'purpose', 'miracles', 'science', 'approvals', 'excitement', 'execution', 'PROTECT', 're-dosing', 'formulations', 'Founder', 'companies', 'commitment', 'ideal', 'consummation', 'number', 'affiliates', 'majority', 'expiration', 'termination', 'subsidiary', 'right', 'same', 'shareholders', 'satisfaction', 'waiver']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,globenewswire.com
20448,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOFI-4698/news/Press-Release-Sanofi-to-acquire-Provention-Bio-adding-to-portfolio-TZIELD-the-first-disease-modif-43227139/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230313,Press Release: Sanofi to acquire Provention Bio  adding to portfolio TZIELD  the first disease-modifying treatment for the delay of Stage 3 type 1 diabetes (T1D),(marketscreener.com) Sanofi to acquire Provention Bio  adding to portfolio TZIELD  the first disease-modifying treatment for the delay of Stage 3 type 1 diabetes Paris and Red Bank  N.J. March 13  2023 Sanofi and Provention Bio  Inc.  a U.S.-based  publicly t…,Sanofi to acquire Provention Bio  adding to portfolio TZIELD  the first disease-modifying treatment for the delay of Stage 3 type 1 diabetes (T1D)Paris and Red Bank  N.J. March 13  2023 Sanofi and Provention Bio  Inc.  a U.S.-based  publicly traded biopharmaceutical company focused on intercepting and preventing immune-mediated diseases including type 1 diabetes (T1D)  have entered into an agreement under which Sanofi has agreed to acquire Provention Bio  Inc.  for $25.00 per share in cash  representing an equity value of approximately $2.9 billion.The transaction adds an innovative  fully owned  first-in-class therapy in type 1 diabetes to Sanofi’s core asset portfolio in General Medicines and further drives its strategic shift toward products with a differentiated profile. TZIELD (teplizumab-mzwv) was approved in the U.S. last year as the first and only therapy to delay the onset of Stage 3 type 1 diabetes (T1D) in adults and pediatric patients aged 8 years and older with Stage 2 T1D.The acquisition is a strategic fit for Sanofi at the intersection of the company’s growth in immune-mediated diseases and disease-modifying therapies in areas of high unmet need  and its expertise in diabetes. Sanofi will continue to utilize its capabilities in diabetes to maximize TZIELD’s potential as a transformative therapy globally and in the U.S.  aiming to delay the onset of Stage 3 type 1 diabetes for some of the approximately 65 000 people diagnosed every year1. The purchase builds on an existing co-promotion agreement with Provention Bio that is already delivering TZIELD to patients in need of this immune-mediated therapy.Olivier CharmeilExecutive Vice President  General Medicines  Sanofi“The acquisition of Provention Bio builds on Sanofi’s mission to deliver best- and first-in-class medicines and resonates with our purpose of chasing the miracles of science for the benefit of people. By coupling Provention Bio’s transformative innovation with Sanofi’s expertise  we aim to bring life-changing benefits to people at risk of developing Stage 3 type 1 diabetes. Any additional indications  approvals and pipeline assets only serve to further our excitement. Given our existing partnership and complementary work in the diabetes and immunology spaces  we foresee a seamless integration and execution.”TZIELD: First and only treatment indicated to delay onset of Stage 3 T1DTZIELD is a CD3-directed antibody indicated to delay the onset of Stage 3 T1D in adults and pediatric patients aged 8 years and older with Stage 2 T1D. Stage 3 T1D is associated with significant health risks  including diabetic ketoacidosis  which can be life threatening  and patients who progress to Stage 3 T1D eventually require insulin injections for life.TZIELD is also in late-stage clinical development for the treatment of pediatric and adolescent patients that are newly diagnosed with clinical T1D (Stage 3). A Phase 3 trial  PROTECT  is currently underway and top line results are expected in the second half of 2023. Additional opportunities for TZIELD include re-dosing and formulations as well as new therapeutic indications.Ashleigh PalmerChief Executive Officer and Co-Founder  Provention Bio  Inc.“Sanofi and Provention Bio share a common vision of bringing new therapies to patients with autoimmune diseases. Under our co-promotion agreement  our companies have made significant progress educating healthcare providers and increasing patient access during the initial U.S. commercial launch of TZIELD. Sanofi’s global expertise and commitment to immunology makes them an ideal acquiror and positions our innovative therapy to reach more patients as quickly as possible.”Provention Bio also brings certain pipeline assets in early development in immune-mediated diseases.Transaction TermsUnder the terms of the merger agreement  Sanofi will commence a cash tender offer to acquire all outstanding shares of Provention Bio  Inc. for $25.00 per share in cash  reflecting a total equity value of approximately $2.9 billion.The consummation of the tender offer is subject to customary closing conditions  including the tender of a number of shares of Provention Bio  Inc. common stock  that together with shares already owned by Sanofi or its affiliates  represents at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Provention Bio  Inc. common stock  the expiration or termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976  and other customary conditions.If the tender offer is successfully completed  then following the successful completion of the tender offer  a wholly owned subsidiary of Sanofi will merge with and into Provention Bio  Inc.  and all of the outstanding Provention Bio  Inc. shares that are not tendered in the tender offer will be converted into the right to receive the same $25.00 per share in cash offered to Provention Bio  Inc. shareholders in the tender offer. Sanofi plans to fund the transaction with available cash resources. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of customary closing conditions  Sanofi currently expects to complete the acquisition in the second quarter of 2023.PJT Partners is acting as exclusive financial advisor to Sanofi and Weil  Gotshal & Manges LLP is acting as its legal counsel. BofA Securities  Inc. and Centerview Partners LLC are acting as financial advisors to Provention Bio  Inc. and Ropes & Gray LLP is acting as its legal counsel.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYAbout Provention Bio  Inc.Provention Bio  Inc. is a commercial-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on advancing the development and commercialization of investigational therapies that may intercept and prevent debilitating and life-threatening immune-mediated diseases. The Company's pipeline includes clinical-stage product candidates that have demonstrated in pre-clinical or clinical studies proof-of-mechanism and/or proof-of-concept in autoimmune diseases  including T1D  celiac disease and lupus. Visit www.proventionbio.com for more information and follow on Twitter: @ProventionBio.Provention Bio  Inc. is listed on Nasdaq: PRVBAbout T1DType 1 diabetes is a condition caused by autoimmune damage of the insulin-producing beta-cells of the pancreas. As a result of this autoimmune attack  the body produces very little or no insulin which can lead to death if the insulin is not replaced.Living with T1D is complex. In addition to daily insulin injections or infusion via an insulin pump  people living with T1D also need to adopt a strict management plan which includes regular blood sugar monitoring  healthy diet and physical activity.Media RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | + 1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comProvention Bio  Inc. Investor RelationsKristen Keller | investorrelations@proventionbio.comSanofi Forward-Looking Statements2This press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements may include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product  and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “will be”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful and risks related to Sanofi’s ability to complete the acquisition on the proposed terms or on the proposed timeline  including the receipt of required regulatory approvals  the possibility that competing offers will be made  other risks associated with executing business combination transactions  such as the risk that the businesses will not be integrated successfully  that such integration may be more difficult  time-consuming or costly than expected or that the expected benefits of the acquisition will not be realized  as well as other risks related Sanofi’s business  including the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Provention Bio  Inc. Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by the forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements  including all statements regarding the intent  belief or current expectation of Provention Bio  Inc. (“Provention Bio  Inc.”) and members of its senior management team and can typically be identified by words such as “believe ” “expect ” “estimate ” “predict ” “target ” “potential ” “likely ” “continue ” “ongoing ” “could ” “should ” “intend ” “may ” “might ” “plan ” “seek ” “anticipate ” “project” and similar expressions  as well as variations or negatives of these words. Forward-looking statements include  without limitation  statements regarding the proposed transaction  prospective performance  future plans  events  expectations  performance  objectives and opportunities and the outlook for Provention Bio  Inc.’s business; the commercial success of Provention Bio  Inc.’s products and pipeline; the expected timing of the completion of the transaction; the ability to complete the transaction considering the various closing conditions; and the accuracy of any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of risks and uncertainties. Risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ from expectations contemplated by forward-looking statements include: uncertainties as to the timing of the tender offer and merger; uncertainties as to how many of Provention Bio  Inc.’s stockholders will tender their stock in the offer; the possibility that various closing conditions for the transaction may not be satisfied or waived  including that a governmental entity may prohibit  delay or refuse to grant approval for the consummation of the transaction; the occurrence of any event  change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement; the effects of the transaction (or the announcement thereof) on relationships with associates  customers  manufacturers  suppliers  other business partners or governmental entities or patient groups; transaction costs; the risk that the merger will divert management’s attention from Provention Bio  Inc.’s ongoing business operations; changes in Provention Bio  Inc.’s businesses during the period between now and the closing; risks associated with litigation; failure to maintain FDA approval for TZIELD; uncertainties that the planned commercial launch in the U.S. for TZIELD is successful in part or at all for various reasons including the actual market size and drug supply needed may not be consistent with Provention Bio  Inc.’s expectations and its executed commercial readiness plans; uncertainties as to the degree to which TZIELD is accepted by patients and prescribed by physicians; uncertainties as to the efficiency of Provention Bio  Inc.’s manufacturing  sales  distribution and specialty pharmacy network in getting TZIELD to the market and future economic  competitive  reimbursement and regulatory conditions that could negatively impact the commercial launch of TZIELD; risks that the post-marketing commitment studies for TZIELD may not yield data consistent with prior results; the risk that TZIELD may cause undesirable side effects that could limit its commercial potential; the possibility that Provention Bio  Inc. is not able to execute on its business plans including meeting its expected or planned regulatory milestones and timelines  clinical development plans and successfully bringing its product candidates to market  for various reasons  including factors outside of Provention Bio  Inc.’s control  such as possible limitations of Provention Bio  Inc.’s financial and other resources  competition  manufacturing limitations that may not be anticipated or resolved for in a timely manner or at all  and regulatory  court or agency decisions  such as decisions by the United States Patent and Trademark Office with respect to patents that cover its product candidates  the potential for noncompliance with FDA regulations; the potential impacts of COVID-19 on Provention Bio  Inc.’s business and financial results; changes in law  regulations  or interpretations and enforcement of regulatory guidance; uncertainties of patent protection and litigation; competition  other risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in documents filed with the SEC by Provention Bio  Inc.  including current reports on Form 8-K  quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and annual reports on Form 10-K  as well as the Schedule 14D-9 to be filed by Provention Bio  Inc.. As with any pharmaceutical under development  there are significant risks in the development  regulatory approval  and commercialization of new products. All forward-looking statements are based on information currently available to Provention Bio  Inc.  and Provention Bio  Inc. assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  except as may be required by applicable law. The information set forth herein speaks only as of the date hereof.Additional Information for US Shareholders and Where to Find ItThe tender offer for the outstanding shares of common stock of Provention Bio  Inc. referenced in this communication has not yet commenced. This communication is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell shares of Provention Bio  Inc.  nor is it a substitute for the tender offer materials that Sanofi and its acquisition subsidiary will file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) upon commencement of the tender offer. At the time the tender offer is commenced  Sanofi and its acquisition subsidiary will file a tender offer statement on Schedule TO  and Provention Bio  Inc. will file a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9 with the SEC with respect to the tender offer. The tender offer statement on Schedule TO (including an Offer to Purchase  a related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents) and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement will contain important information. HOLDERS OF SHARES OF PROVENTION BIO  INC. ARE URGED TO READ THESE DOCUMENTS WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE (AS EACH MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME) BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT PROVENTION BIO  INC. STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION REGARDING TENDERING THEIR SHARES. The Offer to Purchase  the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents  as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement  will be made available to all holders of shares of Provention Bio.  Inc. at no expense to them. The tender offer materials and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement will be made available for free at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov. Additional copies may be obtained for free by contacting Sanofi’s Investor Relations Department at ir@sanofi.com or on Sanofi’s website at https://en.sanofi.com/investors or by contacting Kristen Kelleher  Investor Relations  at investorrelations@proventionbio.com  or on Proventon Bio  Inc.’s website  www.proventionbio.com.In addition to the Offer to Purchase  the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents  as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement  Sanofi files annual and special reports and other information with the SEC and Provention Bio.  Inc. files annual  quarterly and special reports and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any reports or other information filed by Sanofi and Provention Bio.  Inc. at the SEC public reference room at 100 F. Street  N.E.  Washington D.C. 20549. Please call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. Sanofi’s and Provention Bio.  Inc.’s filings with the SEC are also available to the public from commercial document-retrieval services and at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.gov1 Based on Sanofi analysis derived from the 2020 CDC National Diabetes Statistics Report https://www.cdc.gov/diabetes/pdfs/data/statistics/national-diabetes-statistics-report.pdfAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.9,0.1,mixed,0.52,0.14,0.33,True,English,"['first disease-modifying treatment', 'Stage 3 type 1 diabetes', 'Press Release', 'Provention Bio', 'Sanofi', 'portfolio', 'TZIELD', 'delay', 'T1D', 'Olivier Charmeil Executive Vice President', 'initial U.S. commercial launch', 'Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act', 'publicly traded biopharmaceutical company', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'A Phase 3 trial', 'top line results', 'customary closing conditions', 'other customary conditions', 'innovative, fully owned', 'significant health risks', 'core asset portfolio', 'high unmet need', 'late-stage clinical development', 'new therapeutic indications', 'total equity value', 'available cash resources', 'Stage 3 type 1 diabetes', 'outstanding Provention Bio', 'Inc. common stock', 'cash tender offer', 'first disease-modifying treatment', 'disease-modifying therapies', 'additional indications', 'new therapies', 'significant progress', 'early development', 'common vision', 'innovative therapy', 'clinical T1D', 'Red Bank', 'N.J.', 'immune-mediated diseases', 'General Medicines', 'strategic shift', 'differentiated profile', 'strategic fit', 'class medicines', 'transformative innovation', 'life-changing benefits', 'pipeline assets', 'existing partnership', 'complementary work', 'seamless integration', 'CD3-directed antibody', 'diabetic ketoacidosis', 'insulin injections', 'second half', 'Additional opportunities', 'Ashleigh Palmer', 'autoimmune diseases', 'healthcare providers', 'patient access', 'waiting period', 'successful completion', 'Stage 2 T1D.', 'Stage 3 T1D', 'outstanding shares', 'class therapy', 'transformative therapy', 'immune-mediated therapy', 'promotion agreement', 'merger agreement', 'immunology spaces', 'global expertise', 'Inc. shares', 'pediatric patients', 'Transaction Terms', 'Sanofi', 'TZIELD', 'delay', 'Paris', 'products', 'onset', 'adults', 'acquisition', 'intersection', 'growth', 'areas', 'capabilities', 'potential', '65,000 people', 'purchase', 'mission', 'resonates', 'purpose', 'miracles', 'science', 'approvals', 'excitement', 'execution', 'PROTECT', 're-dosing', 'formulations', 'Founder', 'companies', 'commitment', 'ideal', 'consummation', 'number', 'affiliates', 'majority', 'expiration', 'termination', 'subsidiary', 'right', 'same', 'shareholders', 'satisfaction', 'waiver']",2023-03-13,2023-03-14,marketscreener.com
20449,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dassault-syst-mes-amount-dividend-185300686.html,Dassault Systèmes: amount of the dividend,Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) announces that the Board of Directors decided to propose to the next General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 24  2023 a dividend of twenty-one eurocents (€0.21) per share for the year ...,Dassault Systemes SEPress ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — March 14  2023DividendDassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) announces that the Board of Directors decided to propose to the next General Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 24  2023 a dividend of twenty-one eurocents (€0.21) per share for the year 2022  payable in cash only.Shares would be traded ex-dividend as of May 29  2023.Dividends would be made payable on May 31  2023.Bernard Charlès  Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer comments:“Dassault Systèmes delivers on its commitments: the company is one year ahead of its deleveraging schedule ; we execute on our established dividend policy as planned ; and we maintain our capacity to invest to support our long term strategy”.###ABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE® Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 150 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team FTI ConsultingBéatrix Martinez / François-José Bordonado: Arnaud de Cheffontaines: +33 1 47 03 69 48+33 1 61 62 40 73 / 69 24 Jamie Ricketts: +44 20 3727 1600investors@3ds.com Tom Blundell: +44 20 3727 1600USA & Canada: callie.gauzer@3ds.comStory continuesDassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / FranceArnaud Malherbe: +33 1 61 62 87 73arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the 3DS logo  the Compass icon  IFWE  3DEXCITE  3DS OUTSCALE  3DVIA  BIOVIA  CATIA  CENTRIC PLM  DELMIA  ENOVIA  GEOVIA  MEDIDATA  NETVIBES  SIMULIA and SOLIDWORKS are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French ‘société européenne’ (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.66,0.24,0.1,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'amount', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team', 'Dassault Systèmes Press Contacts Corporate', 'French ‘société européenne', 'Dassault Systemes SE', 'next General Meeting', 'Bernard Charlès', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'long term strategy', 'collaborative virtual environments', 'virtual twin experiences', 'Béatrix Martinez', 'François-José Bordonado', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'Press Release', 'commercial trademarks', 'Euronext Paris', 'twenty-one eurocents', 'deleveraging schedule', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'real world', 'sustainable world', 'FTI Consulting', 'Arnaud de', 'Jamie Ricketts', 'Tom Blundell', '3DS logo', 'Compass icon', '3DS OUTSCALE', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'dividend policy', 'Arnaud Malherbe', 'other countries', '3DEXPERIENCE® Company', '150 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'March', 'DSY', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'year', 'cash', 'Shares', 'Dividends', 'Chairman', 'commitments', 'capacity', 'catalyst', 'business', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'production', 'patients', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'value', 'sizes', 'industries', 'information', 'Cheffontaines', 'USA', 'Canada', 'gauzer', 'Story', 'rights', 'IFWE', '3DEXCITE', '3DVIA', 'BIOVIA', 'CATIA', 'DELMIA', 'ENOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'MEDIDATA', 'NETVIBES', 'SIMULIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '©']",2023-03-14,2023-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
20450,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/eu-wheat-steady-as-black-sea-grain-talks-near-deadline,EU wheat steady as Black Sea grain talks near deadline,PARIS  March 14 (Reuters) - Euronext wheat edged higher in afternoon trade on Tuesday as a Russian push for a shorter extension of a Black Sea grain agreement with Ukraine created uncertainty before a deadline later this week. May milling wheat BL2K3 ...,"PARIS  March 14 (Reuters) - Euronext wheat edged higher in afternoon trade on Tuesday as a Russian push for a shorter extension of a Black Sea grain agreement with Ukraine created uncertainty before a deadline later this week.May milling wheat BL2K3  the most active wheat position on Paris-based Euronext  was up 0.3% at 267.75 euros ($287.19) a tonne by 1708 GMT.It earlier fell to give back some of Monday's sharp gains  before turning higher in step with Chicago wheat Wv1.Volatility in financial markets  as investors grappled with the collapse of three U.S. banks  contributed to see-saw trading in grains. MKTS/GLOBParis and Chicago wheat both hit their lowest in over a year last week amid broad expectations that the corridor deal - which has allowed millions of tonnes of Ukrainian grain to be shipped out during the conflict with Russia - would be renewed.With a March 18 deadline looming to roll over the deal  Russia is calling for a 60-day extension  half the 120 day duration previously applied and sought by Ukraine.""An extension had been priced in for a couple of weeks "" a futures dealer said.""The 60 days could threaten business a bit because with the vessel queues  it creates more risk.""Kyiv has accused Moscow of deliberately slowing down the vessel inspections that are part of the corridor deal  and a shorter renewal period could give ship owners and merchants limited visibility.In Germany  slow export demand hung over the market  with a tender purchase by Algeria estimated at around 540 000 tonnes underscoring Black Sea competition.Standard 12% protein wheat for March delivery in Hamburg was offered for sale at about 1 euro under the Euronext May contract  with buyers seeking about 3 euros under.""Overall  if the Ukrainian shipping agreement is extended  we will probably see a continuation of the present picture with heavy fighting on land but with Black Sea shipping continuing from all countries sailing peacefully without attacks "" a German trader said.""A large part of the Algerian wheat purchase on Monday is likely to be sourced from the Black Sea  including the EU exporters there  so competition to the north EU is not letting up nor is likely to.""EU soft wheat exports so far this season have reached 21.54 million tonnes  up 8.6% year on year  weekly data showed.($1 = 0.9323 euros)(Reporting by Gus Trompiz in Paris and Michael Hogan in Hamburg; Editing by Krishna Chandra Eluri)((gus.trompiz@thomsonreuters.com; +33 1 49 49 52 18; Reuters Messaging: gus.trompiz.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net))The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq  Inc.",neutral,0.23,0.77,0.0,negative,0.0,0.02,0.97,True,English,"['Black Sea grain talks', 'EU wheat', 'deadline', 'three U.S. banks', 'EU soft wheat exports', 'Black Sea grain agreement', 'slow export demand', 'Ukrainian shipping agreement', 'Black Sea shipping', 'Krishna Chandra Eluri', 'active wheat position', 'Standard 12% protein wheat', 'shorter renewal period', 'Chicago wheat Wv', 'Algerian wheat purchase', 'Black Sea competition', 'Euronext May contract', 'Ukrainian grain', 'Euronext wheat', 'wheat BL2K', 'EU exporters', 'north EU', 'tender purchase', 'Paris-based Euronext', 'shorter extension', 'afternoon trade', 'Russian push', 'sharp gains', 'financial markets', 'broad expectations', '120 day duration', 'futures dealer', 'vessel queues', 'vessel inspections', 'ship owners', 'limited visibility', 'present picture', 'heavy fighting', 'German trader', 'weekly data', 'Gus Trompiz', 'Michael Hogan', 'corridor deal', '60-day extension', 'March delivery', 'large part', 'Reuters Messaging', '21.54 million tonnes', 'March 18 deadline', '540,000 tonnes', 'Tuesday', 'Ukraine', 'uncertainty', '267.75 euros', '1708 GMT', 'Monday', 'step', 'Volatility', 'investors', 'collapse', 'trading', 'grains', 'MKTS/GLOB', 'year', 'millions', 'conflict', 'couple', 'weeks', '60 days', 'business', 'risk', 'Kyiv', 'Moscow', 'merchants', 'Germany', 'Hamburg', 'sale', '1 euro', 'buyers', '3 euros', 'continuation', 'land', 'countries', 'attacks', 'Editing', 'views', 'opinions', 'author', 'Nasdaq', 'Inc']",2023-03-14,2023-03-14,nasdaq.com
20451,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/03/14/global-markets-rise-on-key-us-data-as-confidence-begins-to-return/,Global markets rise on key US data as confidence begins to return,Green across the board on Euronext Dublin as airlines  hotels  industrial and food names all climb higher following recent lows,Global shares turned higher on Tuesday  stemming a five-session rout after key US data met expectations and bolstered bets of a smaller interest rate hike by the Federal Reserve at its next meeting.DUBLINThe bounce in the US was felt in the Irish market  and there was green across the board on Euronext Dublin as the index closed up 2.2 per cent.Stocks around the world have been hammered in the past few days after the collapse of SVB Financial Group and peer Signature Bank sent shock waves through the banking sector.However  investor confidence in the sector began to recover on Tuesday  and Bank of Ireland and AIB were both up 4 per cent at close of business.READ MOREThe airlines started trading weakly but rallied throughout the day with Lufthansa up 2 per cent; Aer Lingus parent International Airlines Group up 1.5 per cent; EasyJet up 4.5 per cent; and Ryanair up 1.5 per cent.Why are Irish companies shifting their stock listings to the United States? Listen | 38:41The goodwill also fed into the travel and leisure sector as Dalata — the biggest hotel operator in the State — finished the day up 2 per cent.Among the food names  Glanbia was up 2 per cent  while Greencore climbed 2.5 per cent.In the construction sector  building materials giant CRH traded up 2.3 per cent  while insulation specialist Kingspan and Woodies DIY parent Grafton Group both finished the day up 2 per cent. Elsewhere  box-maker Smurfit Kappa climbed 2 per cent.LONDONThe FTSE 100 jumped by more than 1 per cent  marking a rollercoaster session for the stock exchange which started the day firmly in the red.However  London’s top index did not manage to fully offset the 2.6 per cent decline on Monday  during which more than £50 billion was wiped off its value.London’s top banking stocks like Standard Chartered  Barclays and HSBC had returned to growth on Tuesday after sinking into the red at the start of the week. The FTSE 100 closed 1.17 per cent higher.In company news  Sainsbury’s said it has agreed to buy the freeholds of 21 supermarkets in a deal worth more than £430 million. Its share price was up by 1.1 per cent at the close.EUROPEEuropean stocks managed to rebound after seeing even greater declines than the UK  with the German Dax moving 1.83 per cent higher and the French Cac up 1.86 per cent.Joshua Mahony  senior market analyst at online trading platform IG  said: “Market sentiment appears to have a turn for the better today  with equities throughout Europe and the US moving higher despite ongoing concerns over the health of the banking sector.”NEW YORKAcross the Atlantic  battered US bank shares rebounded  driving Wall Street’s main indexes higher  while a slight slowdown in consumer price growth prompted investors to price in a smaller rate hike by the Federal Reserve in March.Data showed the US consumer price index (CPI) rose 0.4 per cent in February from 0.5 per cent in January as Americans faced persistently higher costs for rents and food. On a yearly basis  the CPI rose 6 per cent in February  compared with 6.4 per cent the previous month.Regional bank stocks rebounded after suffering double-digit losses over the past few days  with the KBW Regional Banking index up 7.7 per cent.First Republic Bank jumped 49.5 per cent  while shares of peer Western Alliance Bancorp were up 40.7 per cent. Trading in shares of both banks was halted multiple times due to volatility.The S&P 500 banking index rose 2.9 per cent after recording its biggest one-day percentage drop since June 2020 in the previous session. Meta Platforms rose 6.1 per cent after the Facebook parent said it would cut 10 000 jobs in a second round of mass lay-offs.Other major rate-sensitive growth stocks such as Apple  Google parent Alphabet  and Tesla rose between 1 per cent and 4 per cent. — Additional reporting: PA/Reuters,positive,0.66,0.33,0.01,mixed,0.14,0.11,0.75,True,English,"['key US data', 'Global markets', 'confidence', 'Aer Lingus parent International Airlines Group', 'Woodies DIY parent Grafton Group', 'Other major rate-sensitive growth stocks', 'The S&P 500 banking index', 'building materials giant CRH', 'peer Western Alliance Bancorp', 'biggest one-day percentage drop', 'smaller interest rate hike', 'KBW Regional Banking index', 'US consumer price index', 'SVB Financial Group', 'smaller rate hike', 'Google parent Alphabet', 'biggest hotel operator', 'consumer price growth', 'peer Signature Bank', 'Regional bank stocks', 'First Republic Bank', 'top banking stocks', 'senior market analyst', 'online trading platform', 'key US data', '2.6 per cent decline', 'US bank shares', 'Facebook parent', 'top index', 'banking sector', 'The FTSE 100', 'share price', 'European stocks', 'Irish market', 'Market sentiment', 'five-session rout', 'Federal Reserve', 'next meeting', 'shock waves', 'investor confidence', 'Irish companies', 'stock listings', 'United States', 'insulation specialist', 'Smurfit Kappa', '1 per cent', 'rollercoaster session', 'stock exchange', 'Standard Chartered', 'company news', 'greater declines', 'German Dax', 'French Cac', 'Joshua Mahony', 'ongoing concerns', 'NEW YORK', 'Wall Street', 'main indexes', 'slight slowdown', '0.5 per cent', 'higher costs', 'yearly basis', '6.4 per cent', 'previous month', 'double-digit losses', 'previous session', 'Meta Platforms', 'second round', 'mass lay-offs', 'Additional reporting', 'leisure sector', 'construction sector', 'Global shares', 'Euronext Dublin', 'food names', 'Tuesday', 'expectations', 'bets', 'bounce', 'board', 'world', 'past', 'days', 'collapse', 'Ireland', 'AIB', 'close', 'business', 'READ', 'Lufthansa', 'EasyJet', 'Ryanair', 'Listen', 'goodwill', 'travel', 'Dalata', 'Glanbia', 'Greencore', 'Kingspan', 'box-maker', 'LONDON', 'Monday', 'value', 'Barclays', 'HSBC', 'start', 'week', 'Sainsbury', 'freeholds', '21 supermarkets', 'deal', 'UK', 'turn', 'today', 'equities', 'health', 'Atlantic', 'investors', 'March', 'CPI', 'February', 'January', 'Americans', 'rents', 'banks', 'volatility', 'June', '10,000 jobs', 'Apple', 'Tesla', 'PA/Reuters']",2023-03-14,2023-03-14,irishtimes.com
20452,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/biotalys-announces-chief-financial-officer-170000803.html,Biotalys announces Chief Financial Officer succession plan,Deputy CFO Douglas Minder to become CFO as of July 2023Ghent  BELGIUM  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop and food protection ,"Biotalys NVDeputy CFO Douglas Minder to become CFO as of July 2023Ghent  BELGIUM  March 14  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Biotalys (Euronext - BTLS)  an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for crop and food protection  announced today that its Board of Directors has approved a succession plan under which Douglas Minder will be promoted to Chief Financial Officer (CFO)  effective July 1  2023. He will take over responsibility from Wim Ottevaere  who  after a long and successful career in finance in the life sciences industry  will conclude his operational role and will continue to serve Biotalys in an advisory capacity.“On behalf of the Board of Directors  I would like to extend our deep appreciation to Wim for his outstanding service to Biotalys. During his tenure  the company successfully completed its IPO  transitioning to a publicly listed entity preparing for commercialization ” said Simon Moroney  Chairman of the Board. “We are delighted to have Douglas take on the CFO role. He is a highly knowledgeable  proven financial leader who has already demonstrated his capabilities since joining Biotalys. We know that he will continue to be a great asset as he steps into his new role and joins the executive committee.”“I warmly congratulate Douglas on his promotion. Having already worked together for more than two years at Biotalys  I know he is an excellent choice to become our next CFO. He has a long  successful track record in finance and life sciences that will serve our growth ambition ” said Patrice Sellès  Chief Executive Officer. “I also want to express my sincere gratitude to Wim and acknowledge his strong leadership and dedication to Biotalys. It has been a great pleasure to work with him  and I look forward to his continued contribution as an advisor to the company.”“It has been a privilege for me to work at Biotalys and to have led its IPO in 2021  together with Patrice  Douglas and the team ” said Wim Ottevaere  CFO. “I am proud to have helped bring a platform-based company in the agtech sector to the stock exchange  just like I did previously in my career with similar technology platform companies in pharmaceuticals. I look forward to continuing to support the company once Douglas takes over as CFO and know I am passing the leadership of the financial function into highly capable hands.”Story continuesDouglas Minder joined Biotalys in January 2021 and was appointed Deputy CFO after the company’s IPO to prepare for the role of CFO and start leading the finance team. He has over 30 years of financial experience  which includes more than eight years at Belgium-based multinational biopharmaceutical company UCB. His most recent position there was Finance Business Partner  where he worked across many groups to help them align strategic objectives with the company’s long-range financial plans. He also worked for 20 years as an auditor and consultant at Deloitte  both in Belgium and in the U.S.  where he served various Fortune 500 companies across multiple industries  including biopharma  technology  chemicals and manufacturing. He is an expert in U.S. GAAP and IFRS standards and reporting requirements for both the U.S. and European markets and has built successful cross-departmental relationships to develop continuous improvement solutions throughout an organization.Douglas Minder commented: “I am excited to take on the position of CFO and look forward to leading the finance function and meeting with the investment community. As we advance our pipeline programs through development and onto the market  I will be highly focused on working with the executive committee and Board to effectively grow the business.”Douglas MinderAbout BiotalysBiotalys is an Agricultural Technology (AgTech) company developing protein-based biocontrol solutions for the protection of crops and food and aiming to provide alternatives to conventional chemical pesticides for a more sustainable and safer food supply. Based on its novel AGROBODY™ technology platform  Biotalys is developing a strong and diverse pipeline of effective product candidates with a favorable safety profile that aim to address key crop pests and diseases across the whole value chain  from soil to plate. Biotalys was founded in 2013 as a spin-off from the VIB (Flanders Institute for Biotechnology) and has been listed on Euronext Brussels since July 2021. The company is based in the biotech cluster in Ghent  Belgium. More information can be found on www.biotalys.com.For further information  please contactToon Musschoot  Head of IR & CommunicationT: +32 (0)9 274 54 00E: Toon.Musschoot@biotalys.comImportant NoticeThis announcement contains statements which are ""forward-looking statements"" or could be considered as such. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the words ‘aim’  'believe'  'estimate'  'anticipate'  'expect'  'intend'  'may'  'will'  'plan'  'continue'  'ongoing'  'possible'  'predict'  'plans'  'target'  'seek'  'would' or 'should'  and contain statements made by the company regarding the intended results of its strategy. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties  and readers are warned that none of these forward-looking statements offers any guarantee of future performance. The Biotalys actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements. Biotalys makes no undertaking whatsoever to publish updates or adjustments to these forward-looking statements  unless required to do so by law.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.9,0.09,0.01,True,English,"['Chief Financial Officer succession plan', 'Biotalys', 'knowledgeable, proven financial leader', 'novel AGROBODY™ technology platform', 'similar technology platform companies', 'Belgium-based multinational biopharmaceutical company', 'various Fortune 500 companies', 'protein-based biocontrol solutions', 'continuous improvement solutions', 'conventional chemical pesticides', 'effective product candidates', 'favorable safety profile', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Deputy CFO Douglas Minder', 'successful track record', 'successful cross-departmental relationships', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'life sciences industry', 'safer food supply', 'key crop pests', 'U.S. GAAP', 'long-range financial plans', 'Patrice Sellès', 'Finance Business Partner', 'financial function', 'financial experience', 'Agricultural Technology', 'executive committee', 'successful career', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'succession plan', 'advisory capacity', 'deep appreciation', 'outstanding service', 'Simon Moroney', 'great asset', 'excellent choice', 'growth ambition', 'sincere gratitude', 'great pleasure', 'continued contribution', 'stock exchange', 'capable hands', 'many groups', 'strategic objectives', 'multiple industries', 'IFRS standards', 'reporting requirements', 'European markets', 'investment community', 'pipeline programs', 'diverse pipeline', 'value chain', 'Flanders Institute', 'biotech cluster', 'Important Notice', 'forward-looking terminology', 'finance function', 'operational role', 'new role', 'looking statements', 'next CFO', 'food protection', 'Wim Ottevaere', 'two years', 'eight years', 'recent position', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'platform-based company', 'CFO role', 'agtech sector', 'finance team', 'Biotalys NV', 'strong leadership', 'Toon Musschoot', '30 years', '20 years', 'July', 'Ghent', 'BTLS', 'Board', 'Directors', 'responsibility', 'behalf', 'tenure', 'IPO', 'entity', 'commercialization', 'Chairman', 'capabilities', 'promotion', 'dedication', 'privilege', 'pharmaceuticals', 'Story', 'January', 'UCB', 'auditor', 'consultant', 'Deloitte', 'chemicals', 'manufacturing', 'expert', 'organization', 'development', 'crops', 'alternatives', 'sustainable', 'diseases', 'soil', 'plate', 'spin-off', 'VIB', 'Biotechnology', 'Head', 'Communication', 'announcement', 'use', 'words', 'target']",2023-03-14,2023-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
20453,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.actusnews.com/fr/visiativ/cp/2023/03/14/visiativ-and-xefi-announce-partnership-agreement-to-transfer-it-infrastructure-business,VISIATIV AND XEFI ANNOUNCE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT TO TRANSFER IT INFRASTRUCTURE BUSINESS,Visiativ and XEFI announced  today  that they have engaged in exclusive negotiations to sell Visiativ Managed Services  an IT infrastructure and hosting provider. This transaction marks the strengthening of the partnership between XEFI and Visiativ ,"14/03/2023 - 18:05Lyon  March 14  2023 – 06 :00 pmVisiativ and XEFI announced  today  that they have engaged in exclusive negotiations to sell Visiativ Managed Services  an IT infrastructure and hosting provider. This transaction marks the strengthening of the partnership between XEFI and Visiativ  two key players in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region  both of which specialize in providing solutions and services to small and medium-sized businesses.With 26 employees and its own datacenter located in the Lyon metropolitan area in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region  Visiativ Managed Services supports 140 small and medium-sized businesses with IT infrastructure and technological platforms adapted to their needs.With its 1 800 employees in more than 160 offices in France  Switzerland and Belgium  XEFI group is the French leader in IT and related services (maintenance  cloud  outsourcing  security) for small and medium-sized businesses. The group also has a NEXEREN datacenter subsidiary with 5 highly certified datacenters  enabling it to control the entire cloud service chain.Visiativ has been helping small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs) with their digital transformation and innovation for over 35 years. This partnership will enable Visiativ to refocus on its core business of consulting and software  while relying on a partner of choice for its infrastructure business.This transaction accelerates the respective development of the XEFI and Visiativ groups' offerings  in order to continue to support their common target: SMBs.""We are delighted with the prospects that this operation opens up for us  as it strengthens our NEXEREN data center subsidiary and our influence in the Rhône-Alpes region. We are continuing our development of a 100% French  highly certified hosting and data security offer"" said Sacha Rosenthal  Chairman and CEO  XEFI Group.The transaction would involve the sale of 100% of Visiativ Managed Services' capital to the XEFI group.The signing of the final agreement could take place in April  with the transaction being subject to consultation with the employee representative bodies of both groups.FINANCIAL CALENDAREVENTS DATES Full-year 2022 results Tuesday 21 March  2023 Q1 2023 revenues Tuesday 25 April  2023 Annual General Meeting Thursday 25 May  2023 Q2 2023 revenues Wednesday 26 July  2023 H1 2023 results Tuesday 19 September  2023 Q3 2023 revenues Tuesday 24 October  2023 Full-year 2023 revenue Wednesday 24 January 2024 Full-year 2023 results Tuesday 19 March 2024These dates are an indication and may be changed if necessary. All publications will be issued after close of trading on Euronext Paris.ABOUT XEFISince the company was created in 1997  XEFI has built a reputation as a leader on the IT equipment business and associated services: maintenance  cloud  security  print  software and backup solutions.The group's ambition is to offer ‘ready-to-use' products and services  all-included packages  specially designed for Small & Medium size Businesses.Today  more than 160 ”one-stop shop” agencies in France  Switzerland and Belgium are supporting SMBs on a daily basis. In 2022  the group realized 307M€ total turnover with more than 1 800 employees.XEFI CONTACTPierre GUILLERMETMarket. & Comm.Tel : +33 (0)4 72 01 04 15p.guillermet@xefi.frABOUT VISIATIVVisiativ's mission is to make digital transformation a performance lever for companies. We do this by co-building alongside our customers  over the long term. We call this our promise: ""Sharing  is growing"".We support our customers by providing solutions and services to plan  implement  manage and monitor transformations with a unique and innovative approach through three pillars: Consult (consulting & support)  Engage (solutions & deployment) and Connect (communities for exchange and sharing). With over 35 years of proven experience working with more than 21 000 Small & Mid-Market customers  Visiativ has achieved revenues of €259 million in 2022. Visiativ is present in 14 countries (Belgium  Brazil  Canada  France  Germany  Luxembourg  Morocco  the Netherlands  Poland  the United Kingdom  U.A.E  USA and Switzerland) and has more than 1 100 employees.Visiativ (ISIN code FR0004029478  ALVIV) is listed on Euronext Growth in Paris. The share is eligible for PEA and PEA-PME.For further information visit www.visiativ.com",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['XEFI ANNOUNCE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT', 'INFRASTRUCTURE BUSINESS', 'VISIATIV', 'NEXEREN data center subsidiary', 'entire cloud service chain', '100% French, highly certified hosting', ""Visiativ Managed Services' capital"", '5 highly certified datacenters', 'two key players', 'Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region', 'NEXEREN datacenter subsidiary', 'employee representative bodies', 'Annual General Meeting', '160 ”one-stop shop” agencies', '307M€ total turnover', 'U.A.E', 'Medium size Businesses', 'data security offer', 'Lyon metropolitan area', 'Pierre GUILLERMET Market', 'IT equipment business', ""Visiativ groups' offerings"", 'hosting provider', 'French leader', 'core business', 'infrastructure business', 'medium-sized businesses', 'related services', 'associated services', 'exclusive negotiations', 'IT infrastructure', 'technological platforms', 'digital transformation', 'common target', 'Sacha Rosenthal', 'final agreement', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'Full-year 2022 results', 'H1 2023 results', 'Full-year 2023 revenue', 'Full-year 2023 results', 'daily basis', 'performance lever', 'long term', 'innovative approach', 'three pillars', 'proven experience', 'United Kingdom', 'ISIN code', 'Euronext Growth', 'Q1 2023 revenues', 'Q2 2023 revenues', 'Q3 2023 revenues', 'respective development', 'EVENTS DATES', 'Euronext Paris', 'XEFI CONTACT', 'Mid-Market customers', 'backup solutions', 'XEFI group', 'March', 'transaction', 'strengthening', 'partnership', 'small', '26 employees', 'needs', '1,800 employees', '160 offices', 'France', 'Switzerland', 'Belgium', 'maintenance', 'outsourcing', 'SMBs', 'innovation', '35 years', 'consulting', 'software', 'choice', 'order', 'prospects', 'operation', 'influence', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'sale', 'signing', 'place', 'April', 'consultation', 'May', 'July', 'September', 'October', 'indication', 'publications', 'close', 'trading', 'company', 'reputation', 'print', 'ambition', 'products', 'packages', '1 800 employees', 'Tel', 'mission', 'companies', 'transformations', 'unique', 'support', 'Engage', 'deployment', 'Connect', 'communities', 'exchange', 'sharing', '14 countries', 'Brazil', 'Canada', 'Germany', 'Luxembourg', 'Morocco', 'Netherlands', 'Poland', 'USA', '1,100 employees', 'ALVIV', 'share', 'PEA', 'information', '06 :00']",2023-03-14,2023-03-14,actusnews.com
20454,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-03/58550936-iba-sa-iba-is-looking-for-100-new-collaborators-in-belgium-by-june-2023-399.htm,IBA SA: IBA is looking for 100 new collaborators in Belgium by June 2023,IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology wants to hire 100 new employees during the first half of 2023.,"Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  14 March 2023 - IBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.  EURONEXT)  the world leader in particle accelerator technology wants to hire 100 new employees during the first half of 2023. Among the actions undertaken to achieve this goal  the company is organizing a special recruitment evening  ""Meet & Join IBA""  in Louvain-la-Neuve on March 28. Interested parties are invited to register on the Forem website.For more than 35 years  IBA has been designing  producing  and marketing innovative solutions for the diagnosis and treatment of cancer and other serious diseases  as well as industrial applications in the field of sterilization. As a world leader in particle accelerator technology  with an order backlog of more than EUR 1 billion  the company supplies thousands of hospitals and healthcare companies around the world with its accelerators  medical devices and applications for proton therapy  nuclear medicine  sterilization  and dosimetry.IBA  which currently employs more than 1 800 people (including 900 in Belgium) in more than 40 countries  wants to recruit 100 additional employees in Louvain-la-Neuve by June 2023.Talents sought? IT  scientific  technical and management profilesMany profiles are sought to meet the growth of the company's various activities: software developers  R&D project managers  automation engineers  data engineers  buyers  fitters  qualification & validation engineers  electromechanical engineers  hardware engineers  etc.Special recruitment evening on March 28 in Louvain-la-Neuve at IBACandidates interested in the offers are invited to discover the company and the jobs during the ""Meet & Join IBA"" event organized by IBA in collaboration with Forem. This special evening will be an opportunity for candidates to meet their future colleagues while immersing themselves in the unique environment and culture of this international Walloon company. To participate  simply consult IBA's job offers on the Forem website  check the required skills  and fill in the registration form corresponding to the selected position(s). Registration is open until March 26 and is mandatory.""Meet & Join IBA"" with the collaboration of ForemTuesday  March 28 from 5.30 to 9.00 PMChemin du Cyclotron 3  1348 Ottignies-Louvain-la-NeuveProgram:5.30 > 6 PM: Reception6 > 6.20 PM: IBA Presentation6.20 > 6.30 PM: Question & answer session6.30 > 7.15 PM: Guided tour of the assembly hall7.15 > 9 PM: Drink & networkingNews and inscriptions: Meet & join IBA | Agenda (leforem.be)*** Ends ***About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the field of proton therapy  considered to be the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today. IBA is also a leading player in the fields of industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 1 800 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comFor further information  please contact:IBA",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.96,0.03,0.01,True,English,"['100 new collaborators', 'IBA SA', 'Belgium', 'June', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'R&D project managers', 'particle accelerator technology', 'other serious diseases', 'Chemin du Cyclotron', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'special recruitment evening', 'international Walloon company', 'position(s', 'special evening', 'industrial applications', 'Bloomberg IBAB', '100 new employees', 'first half', 'Interested parties', 'innovative solutions', 'order backlog', 'healthcare companies', 'medical devices', 'proton therapy', 'nuclear medicine', '100 additional employees', 'management profiles', 'Many profiles', 'various activities', 'software developers', 'automation engineers', 'data engineers', 'validation engineers', 'electromechanical engineers', 'hardware engineers', 'future colleagues', 'unique environment', 'required skills', 'answer session', 'Guided tour', 'assembly hall', 'leading supplier', 'advanced form', 'radiation therapy', 'leading player', 'B Corporation', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'world leader', 'Forem website', 'job offers', 'registration form', 'More information', 'industrial sterilization', 'IBA Presentation', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', 'Belgium', '14 March', 'EURONEXT', 'actions', 'goal', '35 years', 'diagnosis', 'treatment', 'cancer', 'field', 'thousands', 'hospitals', 'accelerators', 'dosimetry', '1,800 people', '40 countries', 'June', 'Talents', 'technical', 'growth', 'buyers', 'fitters', 'qualification', 'Candidates', 'jobs', 'event', 'collaboration', 'opportunity', 'culture', 'Tuesday', 'Ottignies-Louvain', 'Program', '6 PM', 'Reception', 'Question', 'Drink', 'networking', 'News', 'inscriptions', 'Agenda', 'Ends', 'equipment', 'services', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'social', 'BB', '5.30', '9.00', '6.20', '6.30', '7.15']",2023-03-05,2023-03-14,finanznachrichten.de
20455,EuroNext,Bing API,https://variety.com/2023/tv/global/vivendi-publishing-house-editis-daniel-kretinskys-czech-media-invest-1235553443/,Vivendi in Negotiations to Sell Publishing House Editis to Daniel Kretinsky’s Czech Media Invest,Vivendi has entered into exclusive negotiations to sell 100% of its publishing house Editis to a subsidiary of Czech Media Invest (CMI) founded by Daniel Kretinsky. Following its latest board,Vivendi has entered into exclusive negotiations to sell 100% of its publishing house Editis to a subsidiary of Czech Media Invest (CMI) founded by Daniel Kretinsky.Following its latest board meeting on March 8  Vivendi said it has received several bids for the sale of Editis and has chosen the offer brought by International Media Invest  a subsidiary of Kretinsky’s CMI. The deal would have to be approved by the European Commission.Vivendi said the “plan is to distribute the Editis shares to the Vivendi shareholders  and their listing on the Euronext Growth market  is put on hold.” Editis’ evenues dropped by 8% to €789 million in 2022  according to Vivendi. The Paris-based banner is home to Robert Laffont  Plon and Julliard  among others.Besides Editis  Vivendi is the parent company of Canal+ Group  advertising firm Havas  video games banner Gameloft and live entertainment and ticketing outfit Vivendi Village. While it’s in the process of selling Editis  Vivendi has  in recent years  acquired key assets in the publishing world  notably Prisma and a 57.35-percent stake in Lagardere.With the sale of Editis  Vivendi hopes to be able to acquire all of Lagardere  including Hachette. The European Commission raised anti-trust concerns over Vivendi’s contemplated ownership of both Hachette and Editis.Kretinsky  a Czech billionaire who speaks fluent French  has become one of the most influential media owners in France. CMI is now the parent company of several magazines  notably Elle  Public  Télé 7 jours and Marianne.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Publishing House Editis', 'Czech Media Invest', 'Daniel Kretinsky', 'Vivendi', 'Negotiations', 'latest board meeting', 'International Media Invest', 'Euronext Growth market', 'influential media owners', 'Télé 7 jours', 'Czech Media Invest', 'The Paris-based banner', 'The European Commission', 'banner Gameloft', 'Czech billionaire', 'exclusive negotiations', 'publishing house', 'several bids', 'Robert Laffont', 'parent company', 'Canal+ Group', 'advertising firm', 'video games', 'live entertainment', 'ticketing outfit', 'recent years', 'key assets', 'publishing world', '57.35-percent stake', 'anti-trust concerns', 'fluent French', 'several magazines', 'Daniel Kretinsky', 'Vivendi shareholders', 'Vivendi Village', 'Editis shares', 'subsidiary', 'CMI', 'March', 'sale', 'offer', 'deal', 'plan', 'listing', 'Plon', 'Julliard', 'others', 'Havas', 'process', 'Prisma', 'Lagardere', 'Hachette', 'ownership', 'France', 'Elle', 'Public', 'Marianne']",2023-03-14,2023-03-14,variety.com
20456,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,MAUREL ET PROM And ARCHER On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Tuesday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/BkrwCeEO5N(… https://t.co/PwEcZF8rBi,nan,MAUREL ET PROM And ARCHER On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Tuesday's Euronext Sessionhttps://t.co/BkrwCeEO5N(… https://t.co/PwEcZF8rBi,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext Session', 'MAUREL', 'PROM', 'ARCHER', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Tuesday', 'BkrwCeEO5N', 'PwEcZF8rBi', 'Euronext Session', 'MAUREL', 'PROM', 'ARCHER', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Tuesday', 'BkrwCeEO5N', 'PwEcZF8rBi']",2023-03-14,2023-03-14,Unknown
20457,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Cool Company (COOL.OL) said Tuesday its shares on Euronext Growth Oslo will be suspended from trading for two days… https://t.co/oqdaqLo74n,nan,Cool Company (COOL.OL) said Tuesday its shares on Euronext Growth Oslo will be suspended from trading for two days… https://t.co/oqdaqLo74n,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Oslo', 'two days', 'Cool Company', 'shares', 'trading', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'two days', 'Cool Company', 'shares', 'trading']",2023-03-14,2023-03-14,Unknown
20458,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@euronext indices recognised as “Index of the year” by the industy at the 2023 @SRP_Insider Europe Awards 🏆 A great… https://t.co/kHuDpfneA4,nan,@euronext indices recognised as “Index of the year” by the industy at the 2023 @SRP_Insider Europe Awards 🏆 A great… https://t.co/kHuDpfneA4,positive,0.85,0.14,0.0,positive,0.85,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['SRP_Insider Europe Awards', 'Index', 'year', 'industy', 'kHuDpfneA4', '2023', 'SRP_Insider Europe Awards', 'Index', 'year', 'industy', 'kHuDpfneA4', '2023']",2023-03-14,2023-03-14,Unknown
20459,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$CLCO  $COOL.OL   March 14th Last day of trading on Euronext prior to Trading Suspension15th &amp; 16th Trading Suspe… https://t.co/5FkqIQBsAo,nan,$CLCO  $COOL.OL   March 14th Last day of trading on Euronext prior to Trading Suspension15th &amp; 16th Trading Suspe… https://t.co/5FkqIQBsAo,positive,0.71,0.29,0.01,positive,0.71,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['16th Trading Suspe', 'Trading Suspension', 'Last day', 'OL', 'March', 'Euronext', '15th', 'FkqIQBsAo', '16th Trading Suspe', 'Trading Suspension', 'Last day', 'OL', 'March', 'Euronext', '15th', 'FkqIQBsAo']",2023-03-14,2023-03-14,Unknown
20460,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,:@European_DGI One of my brokers will let me buy Volkswagen on Euronext Brussels or AmtserdamVolkswagen on Xetra… https://t.co/Mv4NREqTgy,nan,:@European_DGI One of my brokers will let me buy Volkswagen on Euronext Brussels or AmtserdamVolkswagen on Xetra… https://t.co/Mv4NREqTgy,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext Brussels', 'European_DGI', 'brokers', 'Volkswagen', 'Amtserdam', 'Xetra', 'Euronext Brussels', 'European_DGI', 'brokers', 'Volkswagen', 'Amtserdam', 'Xetra']",2023-03-14,2023-03-14,Unknown
20461,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@CereMed Not many   Euronext can answer this question. What we know is that more &amp; more durum wheat players are awa… https://t.co/uRwswvwiLU,nan,@CereMed Not many   Euronext can answer this question. What we know is that more &amp; more durum wheat players are awa… https://t.co/uRwswvwiLU,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['durum wheat players', 'Euronext', 'question', 'durum wheat players', 'Euronext', 'question']",2023-03-14,2023-03-14,Unknown
20462,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext 100 Index Is 4% Down In The Last 5 Sessionshttps://t.co/lp9xIcMste(VIANEWS) - Euronext 100 Index (^N100)… https://t.co/fWTYZSpqEy,nan,Euronext 100 Index Is 4% Down In The Last 5 Sessionshttps://t.co/lp9xIcMste(VIANEWS) - Euronext 100 Index (^N100)… https://t.co/fWTYZSpqEy,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext 100 Index', 'Last 5 Sessions', 'The', 'VIANEWS', 'Euronext 100 Index', 'Last 5 Sessions', 'The', 'VIANEWS']",2023-03-14,2023-03-14,Unknown
