UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
52778,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.naturalnews.com/2025-09-13-russia-china-forge-new-financial-world-order.html,The Great Unfreezing: Russia and China forge new financial world order to bypass Western sanctions – NaturalNews.com,Russia and China are developing a new international securities depository as a direct strategic response to the freezing of approximately $67 billion in Russian assets by Western institutions like Euroclear and Clearstream. The initiative aims to create an “i…,"The Great Unfreezing: Russia and China forge new financial world order to bypass Western sanctionsRussia and China are developing a new international securities depository as a direct strategic response to the freezing of approximately $67 billion in Russian assets by Western institutions like Euroclear and Clearstream.The initiative aims to create an ""independent payment infrastructure"" to insulate member nations from U.S. and European sanctions  allowing for seamless cross-border securities trading within the bloc without relying on Western intermediaries.The new system is planned to operate under the auspices of a proposed SCO Development Bank  leveraging the alliance of nations including Russia  China  India and Pakistan to create a self-contained financial ecosystem.While the political will exists  the project faces significant practical hurdles  including the need to build the decades of trust  deep liquidity and universal acceptance that the established Western systems currently enjoy.A successful depository would formalize a bifurcated global financial system  challenging Western economic dominance  diminishing the power of sanctions and accelerating the shift toward a more fragmented  multipolar world order.In a strategic move to dismantle Western financial dominance  Russia and China are jointly developing a new international securities depository designed to rival and ultimately replace the Belgium-based clearinghouses Euroclear and Clearstream.The announcement  made by Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov in an interview published Thursday  Sept. 11  marks a significant escalation in the global financial Cold War  directly responding to the freezing of approximately $67 billion in Russian assets by Western institutions. This initiative aims to create an independent financial infrastructure  insulating member nations from the reach of U.S. and European sanctions and potentially reshaping the global economic landscape for decades to come.The current system  which has governed global finance since the mid-20th century  is heavily centralized around Western institutions and the U.S. dollar. For nations like Russia and China  this centralization represents a critical vulnerability  as demonstrated starkly in mid-2022. Following the imposition of sanctions over the Ukraine conflict  Euroclear and Clearstream abruptly halted all transactions with Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) and froze its accounts. (Related: Russia  China moving closer to formal alliance as world inches closer to global war.)The freeze effectively locked Russian investors out of their own assets held abroad. A securities depository  in simplified terms  is like a massive  ultra-secure global safety deposit box for stocks and bonds. Euroclear and Clearstream are the two largest such boxes in the world. When they refused to open their doors to the Russian keyholder  NSD  billions in assets became inaccessible. The Bank of Russia estimates a staggering 5.7 trillion rubles remains blocked  a move Moscow decries as an unlawful seizure of private property.A responseIn response  Siluanov outlined a vision for a new system built on entirely different foundations. The planned alternative would operate under the auspices of a proposed Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) Development Bank. The SCO  a political  economic and security alliance that includes Russia  China  India  Pakistan and several Central Asian nations  provides the perfect geopolitical framework for this ambitious project. The goal is to create a self-contained financial ecosystem for its members.The core function of this new depository would be to enable seamless cross-border securities trading among member states. For a Russian investor  it would mean the ability to purchase Chinese or Indian corporate stocks without needing to involve a European or American intermediary. Conversely  it would allow foreign investors from within the bloc to finance infrastructure and other projects inside Russia without fear of their transactions being blocked or scrutinized by Western authorities.""A financial clearing house acts as an intermediary between banks to settle transactions. It ensures the secure and efficient transfer of funds between different financial institutions "" said Brighteon.AI's Enoch. ""This process verifies and reconciles payment instructions  such as those for direct deposits. By batching and netting transactions  it reduces the number of individual payments that need to be settled. The system is crucial for the stability and smooth operation of the payment system.""A vision for financial independenceThe driving philosophy behind the new clearinghouse is the establishment of what Siluanov termed an ""independent payment infrastructure."" This phrase encapsulates a desire for complete autonomy from the existing Western-controlled networks like SWIFT for payments and Euroclear for securities settlement. For the Kremlin  this independence is viewed as a matter of national security  ensuring its economic stability cannot be held hostage by geopolitical adversaries.However  the path to creating a viable rival to Euroclear is fraught with significant challenges. While the political will is evident  the practical hurdles are immense. Euroclear and Clearstream benefit from decades of established trust  deep liquidity and a universal acceptance that a new entity would take years  if not decades  to build. Furthermore  the high returns currently offered on ruble-denominated assets might attract some risk-tolerant investors  but the persistent threat of secondary sanctions could deter widespread international adoption.Legal battles on a second frontParallel to building a new system  Russia is also fighting to reclaim assets within the old one. A group of Russian private investors has taken their case to the Moscow Arbitration Court  filing a lawsuit against the Belgian Treasury and Euroclear itself. They argue that the freezing of their assets is discriminatory and unlawful  and they are seeking licenses from Belgian authorities to unlock their funds. This legal action highlights the profound frustration and sense of injustice felt by those caught in the crossfire of economic warfare.Ultimately  the collaboration between Russia and China to build a rival to Euroclear is more than a technical financial story. It is a direct challenge to the foundational pillars of Western economic power. While its ultimate success is not guaranteed  the attempt itself signals an irreversible shift. The world is moving toward a more fragmented  multipolar financial order where the rules are no longer written exclusively in Washington or Brussels. The great freezing of Russian assets may be remembered not as a demonstration of Western strength  but as the catalyst that forced the emergence of its most formidable competitor.President Donald Trump is trying to break the Russia-China partnership while throwing European tyrants to the wolves. Watch this video.This video is from the Health Ranger Report channel on Brighteon.com.More related stories:Report: US lags behind Russia  China in hypersonic weapons race.US military revamping to fight Russia – and maybe China – in the Arctic.Iran  Russia  China unite against US sanctions  demand end to ‘unlawful’ coercion in global power play.Russia and China pledge friendship  denounce the West.Russia and China officially announce a ""new global reserve currency.""Sources include:RT.comSGTReport.comBrighteon.aiBrighteon.com",neutral,0.01,0.73,0.26,mixed,0.13,0.22,0.65,True,English,"['new financial world order', 'The Great Unfreezing', 'Western sanctions', 'Russia', 'China', 'NaturalNews', 'com', 'massive, ultra-secure global safety deposit box', 'Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov', 'seamless cross-border securities trading', 'several Central Asian nations', 'global financial Cold War', 'new international securities depository', 'bifurcated global financial system', 'new financial world order', 'self-contained financial ecosystem', 'financial clearing house', 'global economic landscape', 'Shanghai Cooperation Organization', 'perfect geopolitical framework', 'existing Western-controlled networks', 'multipolar world order', 'significant practical hurdles', 'independent financial infrastructure', 'Western financial dominance', 'The Great Unfreezing', 'SCO Development Bank', 'SCO) Development Bank', 'Indian corporate stocks', 'different financial institutions', 'National Settlement Depository', 'Western economic dominance', 'U.S. dollar', 'independent payment infrastructure', 'global finance', 'direct strategic response', 'global war', 'securities settlement', 'new depository', 'new system', 'The Bank', 'The SCO', 'new clearinghouse', 'successful depository', 'financial independence', 'significant escalation', 'Russian investors', 'Russian keyholder', 'different foundations', 'political, economic', 'direct deposits', 'national security', 'Western institutions', 'payment system', 'payment instructions', 'Western intermediaries', 'Western systems', 'Western authorities', 'current system', 'Russian assets', 'member nations', 'political will', 'deep liquidity', 'universal acceptance', 'strategic move', 'Belgium-based clearinghouses', 'mid-20th century', 'critical vulnerability', 'Ukraine conflict', 'simplified terms', 'two largest', '5.7 trillion rubles', 'unlawful seizure', 'private property', 'core function', 'member states', 'foreign investors', 'other projects', 'efficient transfer', 'smooth operation', 'driving philosophy', 'complete autonomy', 'economic stability', 'Western sanctions', 'formal alliance', 'security alliance', 'ambitious project', 'American intermediary', 'individual payments', 'European sanctions', 'China', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'initiative', 'bloc', 'auspices', 'Pakistan', 'need', 'decades', 'trust', 'power', 'shift', 'announcement', 'interview', 'reach', 'centralization', 'imposition', 'transactions', 'NSD', 'accounts', 'freeze', 'bonds', 'boxes', 'doors', 'billions', 'Moscow', 'vision', 'alternative', 'goal', 'members', 'Chinese', 'fear', 'banks', 'funds', 'Brighteon', 'Enoch', 'process', 'batching', 'number', 'establishment', 'phrase', 'desire', 'SWIFT', 'Kremlin', 'matter']",2025-09-13,2025-09-14,naturalnews.com
52779,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.naturalnews.com/2025-09-13-russia-china-forge-new-financial-world-order.html,The Great Unfreezing: Russia and China forge new financial world order to bypass Western sanctions – NaturalNews.com,Russia and China are developing a new international securities depository as a direct strategic response to the freezing of approximately $67 billion in Russian assets by Western institutions like Euroclear and Clearstream. The initiative aims to create an “i…,"The Great Unfreezing: Russia and China forge new financial world order to bypass Western sanctionsRussia and China are developing a new international securities depository as a direct strategic response to the freezing of approximately $67 billion in Russian assets by Western institutions like Euroclear and Clearstream.The initiative aims to create an ""independent payment infrastructure"" to insulate member nations from U.S. and European sanctions  allowing for seamless cross-border securities trading within the bloc without relying on Western intermediaries.The new system is planned to operate under the auspices of a proposed SCO Development Bank  leveraging the alliance of nations including Russia  China  India and Pakistan to create a self-contained financial ecosystem.While the political will exists  the project faces significant practical hurdles  including the need to build the decades of trust  deep liquidity and universal acceptance that the established Western systems currently enjoy.A successful depository would formalize a bifurcated global financial system  challenging Western economic dominance  diminishing the power of sanctions and accelerating the shift toward a more fragmented  multipolar world order.In a strategic move to dismantle Western financial dominance  Russia and China are jointly developing a new international securities depository designed to rival and ultimately replace the Belgium-based clearinghouses Euroclear and Clearstream.The announcement  made by Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov in an interview published Thursday  Sept. 11  marks a significant escalation in the global financial Cold War  directly responding to the freezing of approximately $67 billion in Russian assets by Western institutions. This initiative aims to create an independent financial infrastructure  insulating member nations from the reach of U.S. and European sanctions and potentially reshaping the global economic landscape for decades to come.The current system  which has governed global finance since the mid-20th century  is heavily centralized around Western institutions and the U.S. dollar. For nations like Russia and China  this centralization represents a critical vulnerability  as demonstrated starkly in mid-2022. Following the imposition of sanctions over the Ukraine conflict  Euroclear and Clearstream abruptly halted all transactions with Russia's National Settlement Depository (NSD) and froze its accounts. (Related: Russia  China moving closer to formal alliance as world inches closer to global war.)The freeze effectively locked Russian investors out of their own assets held abroad. A securities depository  in simplified terms  is like a massive  ultra-secure global safety deposit box for stocks and bonds. Euroclear and Clearstream are the two largest such boxes in the world. When they refused to open their doors to the Russian keyholder  NSD  billions in assets became inaccessible. The Bank of Russia estimates a staggering 5.7 trillion rubles remains blocked  a move Moscow decries as an unlawful seizure of private property.A responseIn response  Siluanov outlined a vision for a new system built on entirely different foundations. The planned alternative would operate under the auspices of a proposed Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) Development Bank. The SCO  a political  economic and security alliance that includes Russia  China  India  Pakistan and several Central Asian nations  provides the perfect geopolitical framework for this ambitious project. The goal is to create a self-contained financial ecosystem for its members.The core function of this new depository would be to enable seamless cross-border securities trading among member states. For a Russian investor  it would mean the ability to purchase Chinese or Indian corporate stocks without needing to involve a European or American intermediary. Conversely  it would allow foreign investors from within the bloc to finance infrastructure and other projects inside Russia without fear of their transactions being blocked or scrutinized by Western authorities.""A financial clearing house acts as an intermediary between banks to settle transactions. It ensures the secure and efficient transfer of funds between different financial institutions "" said Brighteon.AI's Enoch. ""This process verifies and reconciles payment instructions  such as those for direct deposits. By batching and netting transactions  it reduces the number of individual payments that need to be settled. The system is crucial for the stability and smooth operation of the payment system.""A vision for financial independenceThe driving philosophy behind the new clearinghouse is the establishment of what Siluanov termed an ""independent payment infrastructure."" This phrase encapsulates a desire for complete autonomy from the existing Western-controlled networks like SWIFT for payments and Euroclear for securities settlement. For the Kremlin  this independence is viewed as a matter of national security  ensuring its economic stability cannot be held hostage by geopolitical adversaries.However  the path to creating a viable rival to Euroclear is fraught with significant challenges. While the political will is evident  the practical hurdles are immense. Euroclear and Clearstream benefit from decades of established trust  deep liquidity and a universal acceptance that a new entity would take years  if not decades  to build. Furthermore  the high returns currently offered on ruble-denominated assets might attract some risk-tolerant investors  but the persistent threat of secondary sanctions could deter widespread international adoption.Legal battles on a second frontParallel to building a new system  Russia is also fighting to reclaim assets within the old one. A group of Russian private investors has taken their case to the Moscow Arbitration Court  filing a lawsuit against the Belgian Treasury and Euroclear itself. They argue that the freezing of their assets is discriminatory and unlawful  and they are seeking licenses from Belgian authorities to unlock their funds. This legal action highlights the profound frustration and sense of injustice felt by those caught in the crossfire of economic warfare.Ultimately  the collaboration between Russia and China to build a rival to Euroclear is more than a technical financial story. It is a direct challenge to the foundational pillars of Western economic power. While its ultimate success is not guaranteed  the attempt itself signals an irreversible shift. The world is moving toward a more fragmented  multipolar financial order where the rules are no longer written exclusively in Washington or Brussels. The great freezing of Russian assets may be remembered not as a demonstration of Western strength  but as the catalyst that forced the emergence of its most formidable competitor.President Donald Trump is trying to break the Russia-China partnership while throwing European tyrants to the wolves. Watch this video.This video is from the Health Ranger Report channel on Brighteon.com.More related stories:Report: US lags behind Russia  China in hypersonic weapons race.US military revamping to fight Russia – and maybe China – in the Arctic.Iran  Russia  China unite against US sanctions  demand end to ‘unlawful’ coercion in global power play.Russia and China pledge friendship  denounce the West.Russia and China officially announce a ""new global reserve currency.""Sources include:RT.comSGTReport.comBrighteon.aiBrighteon.com",neutral,0.01,0.73,0.26,mixed,0.13,0.22,0.65,True,English,"['new financial world order', 'The Great Unfreezing', 'Western sanctions', 'Russia', 'China', 'NaturalNews', 'com', 'massive, ultra-secure global safety deposit box', 'Russian Finance Minister Anton Siluanov', 'seamless cross-border securities trading', 'several Central Asian nations', 'global financial Cold War', 'new international securities depository', 'bifurcated global financial system', 'new financial world order', 'self-contained financial ecosystem', 'financial clearing house', 'global economic landscape', 'Shanghai Cooperation Organization', 'perfect geopolitical framework', 'existing Western-controlled networks', 'multipolar world order', 'significant practical hurdles', 'independent financial infrastructure', 'Western financial dominance', 'The Great Unfreezing', 'SCO Development Bank', 'SCO) Development Bank', 'Indian corporate stocks', 'different financial institutions', 'National Settlement Depository', 'Western economic dominance', 'U.S. dollar', 'independent payment infrastructure', 'global finance', 'direct strategic response', 'global war', 'securities settlement', 'new depository', 'new system', 'The Bank', 'The SCO', 'new clearinghouse', 'successful depository', 'financial independence', 'significant escalation', 'Russian investors', 'Russian keyholder', 'different foundations', 'political, economic', 'direct deposits', 'national security', 'Western institutions', 'payment system', 'payment instructions', 'Western intermediaries', 'Western systems', 'Western authorities', 'current system', 'Russian assets', 'member nations', 'political will', 'deep liquidity', 'universal acceptance', 'strategic move', 'Belgium-based clearinghouses', 'mid-20th century', 'critical vulnerability', 'Ukraine conflict', 'simplified terms', 'two largest', '5.7 trillion rubles', 'unlawful seizure', 'private property', 'core function', 'member states', 'foreign investors', 'other projects', 'efficient transfer', 'smooth operation', 'driving philosophy', 'complete autonomy', 'economic stability', 'Western sanctions', 'formal alliance', 'security alliance', 'ambitious project', 'American intermediary', 'individual payments', 'European sanctions', 'China', 'Euroclear', 'Clearstream', 'initiative', 'bloc', 'auspices', 'Pakistan', 'need', 'decades', 'trust', 'power', 'shift', 'announcement', 'interview', 'reach', 'centralization', 'imposition', 'transactions', 'NSD', 'accounts', 'freeze', 'bonds', 'boxes', 'doors', 'billions', 'Moscow', 'vision', 'alternative', 'goal', 'members', 'Chinese', 'fear', 'banks', 'funds', 'Brighteon', 'Enoch', 'process', 'batching', 'number', 'establishment', 'phrase', 'desire', 'SWIFT', 'Kremlin', 'matter']",2025-09-13,2025-09-14,naturalnews.com
52780,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/09/13/segro-otcmktssegxf-given-consensus-rating-of-hold-by-brokerages/,SEGRO (OTCMKTS:SEGXF) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages,Shares of SEGRO (OTCMKTS:SEGXF – Get Free Report) have been given a consensus recommendation of “Hold” by the six analysts that are covering the company  MarketBeat reports. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation  two h…,Shares of SEGRO (OTCMKTS:SEGXF – Get Free Report) have been given a consensus recommendation of “Hold” by the six analysts that are covering the company  MarketBeat reports. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation  two have given a hold recommendation  one has given a buy recommendation and one has given a strong buy recommendation to the company.A number of equities research analysts recently commented on the company. BNP Paribas downgraded SEGRO to an “underperform” rating in a research report on Wednesday. Barclays downgraded shares of SEGRO from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Monday  August 18th. Finally  The Goldman Sachs Group upgraded SEGRO from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday.Get SEGRO alerts:View Our Latest Stock Report on SEGROSEGRO Stock PerformanceAbout SEGROSEGXF stock opened at $8.36 on Wednesday. The business’s 50-day moving average is $8.71 and its two-hundred day moving average is $8.87. SEGRO has a fifty-two week low of $7.64 and a fifty-two week high of $12.37. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.38  a current ratio of 8.44 and a quick ratio of 8.44.(Get Free Report)SEGRO is a UK Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)  listed on the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Paris  and is a leading owner  manager and developer of modern warehouses and industrial property. It owns or manages 10.8 million square metres of space (116 million square feet) valued at £20.6 billion serving customers from a wide range of industry sectors.Featured StoriesReceive News & Ratings for SEGRO Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SEGRO and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.0,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['Consensus Rating', 'SEGRO', 'OTCMKTS', 'SEGXF', 'Hold', 'Brokerages', 'UK Real Estate Investment Trust', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'two-hundred day moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Two equities research analysts', '50-day moving average', '10.8 million square metres', 'concise daily summary', 'Get Free Report', 'London Stock Exchange', 'strong sell” rating', 'strong buy recommendation', 'Latest Stock Report', 'SEGRO Stock Performance', 'research report', 'email address', 'six analysts', 'research note', 'sell recommendation', 'buy” rating', 'SEGRO Daily', ""analysts' ratings"", 'consensus recommendation', 'hold recommendation', 'underperform” rating', 'hold” rating', 'MarketBeat reports', 'BNP Paribas', 'fifty-two week', 'equity ratio', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading owner', 'modern warehouses', 'industrial property', 'wide range', 'industry sectors', 'Featured Stories', 'latest news', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'SEGXF stock', 'SEGRO alerts', 'Shares', 'OTCMKTS', 'company', 'number', 'Wednesday', 'Barclays', 'Monday', 'August', 'business', 'debt', 'REIT', 'manager', 'developer', 'space', 'customers']",2025-09-13,2025-09-14,etfdailynews.com
