UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
24121,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/zinzino-ab-publ-notice-annual-065300837.html,ZINZINO AB (PUBL.): NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL MEETING OF ZINZINO AB ON MAY 31  2023,The shareholders in Zinzino AB (publ.) are hereby invited to the annual general meeting on Wednesday  31 May 2023  at 1.30 pm on the company's premises at...,"GOTHENBURG  Sweden  May 2  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Zinzino AB (publ.) are hereby invited to the annual general meeting on Wednesday  31 May 2023  at 1.30 pm on the company's premises at Hulda Mellgrens gata 5 in Gothenburg. Registration begins at 13.15.It is the company's ambition to webcast the meeting in order to be able to take part in the meeting remotely.RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN THE GENERAL MEETINGShareholders who wish to participate in the annual general meeting shall.i. partly be entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Tuesday  23 May 2023  andii. and  on the other hand  by Tuesday  30 May 2023 at the latest  have notified their intention to participate in the annual general meeting according to the persregulations below.Shareholders who have had their shares registered by trustees must in order to have the right to participate in the annual general meeting to temporarily register the shares in its own name in that of Euroclear Sweden AB keep the share register. Such registration  which normally takes a few days  must be completed no later than Tuesday  23 May 2023. The administrator should therefore be notified well in advance of this time.THIS IS HOW YOU REGISTERRegistration for participation in the meeting can be done in the following way:by post to Zinzino AB  Hulda Mellgrens gata 5  421 32 Västra Frölunda  orby e-mail to fredrik.nielsen@zinzino.comWhen reporting  the shareholder must state:NamePersonal/organisation numberAddress and phone number during the dayWhere applicable  name and number (maximum two) of assistants who must accompany the shareholder at the meeting.Shareholders who wish to be represented by a representative must issue a written and dated power of attorney for the representative. Power of attorney forms can be obtained through the company and will also be available on the company's website  www.zinzino.com. If participation takes place through an agent or deputy  a power of attorney  certificate of registration or other authorization documents should be submitted to the company in good time before the general meeting.Story continuesSUGGESTED AGENDA1. Opening of the meeting.2. Election of chairman at the meeting.3. Establishment and approval of voter register.4. Decision to broadcast a video recording of the meeting via the Internet5. Election of one or two adjusters to adjust the minutes together with the chairman.6. Approval of the agenda.7. Examination of whether the meeting has been duly convened.8. Address by the CEO.9. Presentation of submitted annual report and audit report as well as consolidated accounts and consolidated audit report.10. Decisiona. on determining the income statement and balance sheet as well as consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet for 2022b. on dispositions regarding the company's profit or loss according to the established balance sheetc. discharge of liability for board members and managing director.11. Determining the number of board members  deputies and auditors to be elected by the meeting.12. Decision on fees to the board members and auditor.13. Election of board members and the chairman of the board and auditor.14. Decision on establishing principles for the election committee.15. Decision on issue of warrants - incentive program for external distributors.16. Decision on issue of warrants - incentive program for employees and others.17. Decision on directed new issue of shares with payment by offsetting the claim to Kenneth Koh.18. Decision on directed new issue of shares with payment by offsetting the claim to Enhanzz AG.19. Decision on issue authorization for preferential issues.20. Decision on issue authorization for targeted issues.21. Presentation of the board's remuneration report for approval.22. Decision on adjustment authorization.23. Closure of the meeting.ELECTION COMMITTEEIn accordance with the decision of the 2022 Annual General Meeting  a nomination committee has been established. The nomination committee consists of Magnus Götenfelt (representing Saele Invest AS and the Saele family)  Cecilia Halldner (representing Cashflow Holding ApS  Peter Sörensen) and Hans Jacobsson (Chairman of Zinzino AB). The chairman of the nomination committee is Magnus Götenfelt.PROPOSED DECISION OF THE ELECTION COMMITTEEItem 2. Election of chairman at the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that Hans Jacobsson or  if he is prevented  the person nominated by the nomination committee instead be elected chairman of the meeting.Item 11. Determination of the number of board members  deputies and auditors to be elected by the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that the board should consist of five board members and zero deputy board members and that the number of auditors should be one.Item 12. Decision on fees to the board members and auditorThe nomination committee proposes that the board fee be increased by 7% for the chairman and 6% for the other members compared to the previous year and be paid out with a total of SEK 1 095 000  of which SEK 300 000 to the chairman  SEK 170 000 to each of the other board members  SEK 50 000 to the chairman of the audit committee and 25 000 kroner to a member of the audit committee and 20 000 kroner to the chairman of the remuneration committee and 15 000 to a member of the remuneration committee.The nomination committee proposes that the auditor's fee be paid according to an invoice approved by the company.Item 13. Election of board members and chairman of the board and auditorThe nomination committee proposes  for the time until the end of the next annual general meeting  the re-election of members Hans Jacobsson  Staffan Hillberg  Pierre Mårtensson  Ingela Nordenhav and Anna Frick.The nomination committee proposes  for the time until the end of the next annual general meeting  the registered auditing company BDO Göteborg AB (BDO) to be the company's auditor. BDO has announced that  on condition that the nomination committee's proposal is accepted by the annual general meeting  the authorized accountant Katarina Eklund will be appointed as principal auditor.Item 14. Decision on establishing principles for the election committee.The nomination committee proposes that the meeting should continue to have a nomination committee to be appointed and operate according to the principles below. The principles correspond to the previous year's principles for the election committee.By the end of October 2023 at the latest  the chairman of the board must contact the two largest shareholders or ownership groups based on ownership statistics from Euroclear Sweden AB as of the last banking day in September before the annual general meeting and ask them to appoint one member each to be part of the election committee. If one of the two largest shareholders or ownership groups in terms of votes refrains from appointing a member of the nomination committee  the next shareholder in terms of ownership stake is contacted with the task of appointing a member of the nomination committee. The mandate period shall run until a new election committee has been appointed. The composition of the nomination committee must be announced no later than six months before the company's annual general meeting. If a member leaves the nomination committee before its work is completed  the shareholder who appointed the member shall have the right to appoint a new member. The nomination committee's mandate includes submitting proposals for (i) the chairman of the annual general meeting  (ii) the number of board members  (iii) fees to the board members and other remuneration for committee work  (iv) selection of and decision on fees for the auditor  (v) before the 2024 annual general meeting. ) election of board members and the chairman of the board  as well as (vi) principles for the election committee.BOARD OF DIRECTORS' PROPOSALItem 10 (b) – Decision on dispositions regarding the company's profit according to the established balance sheetThe board proposes that a dividend of SEK 1.75 per share be paid. The board proposes Friday  June 2  2023  as the record date for receiving the dividend. If the meeting decides in accordance with the proposal  payment of the dividend is expected to take place on Thursday  June 8  2023  through Euroclear Sweden AB. The remaining part of the balanced profits is proposed to be transferred into a new account.Item 15 - Decision on issue of warrants - incentive program for key personnel in the external sales organizationThe board proposes that the meeting decides on a directed issue of a maximum of 500 000 warrants of series 2023/2028:1  which means an increase in the share capital upon full utilization by a maximum of SEK 50 000. The following conditions shall otherwise apply to the decision:The right to subscribe for the warrants accrues  with deviation from the shareholders' preemptive right  to the subsidiary Zinzino Operations AB  reg.no. 556655-2658 (""Subsidiary"")  with the right and obligation to transfer the warrants to distributors in the external sales organization as described below. Oversubscription cannot take place.The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential right is to stimulate share ownership in the company through an incentive program whereby people in the external distributor organization can take part in and work for a positive development in the value of the share in the company during the period covered by the proposed program  and that the company must be able to retain and recruit competent and committed staff.The warrants must be issued free of charge. Subscription of the warrants must take place within two weeks from the date of the issuance decision on a separate subscription list. The board has the right to extend the subscription period.Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for (1) B share in the company. New subscriptions for shares with the support of the warrants can take place during the period from and including the Swedish Companies Registration Office's registration of the warrants up to and including 31 May 2028. The subscription price per share must amount to an amount determined on the day of the general meeting according to the following principles: the closing price of the company's share on the day of the general meeting  multiplied by a multiple of 1.7. The final price must be determined by the actor independent of the company who is tasked with valuing the warrants in accordance with the Black & Scholes valuation model and rounded so that the price is even 5 öre. The new shares that may be issued upon new subscription are not covered by any reservations.Shares issued after subscription in accordance with these conditions carry the right to a dividend for the first time on the record date for the dividend that falls closest after the shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and entered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB. Warrants held by the Subsidiary and not transferred as described below may be canceled by the company following a decision by the board of the company with the consent of the board of the Subsidiary. Any cancellation must be notified to the Swedish Companies Registration Office for registration.The board  or whoever the board appoints  is authorized to make the minor adjustments and clarifications required for the decision's registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB.Other conditions for the warrants appear in the full warrant conditions  which are provided in accordance with what is stated under the heading "" Provision of documents"" below.Approval of transfer of warrantsThe board proposes that the general meeting approve the Subsidiary's transfers of warrants on the following terms. The right to acquire warrants from the Subsidiary shall be added to the following category:Category Maximum number of options/person Maximum number of options in total Key people in the external sales organization(maximum 20 people) 100 000 500 000The right to acquire warrants from the Subsidiary shall only accrue to persons who  at the end of the notification period  have not terminated their contracts or been terminated from them.Transfer to participants presupposes that acquisition of the warrants can legally take place  and that  according to the board's assessment  it can take place with reasonable administrative and financial efforts.Registration and allocationIf warrants remain after all notifications have been satisfied  the remaining number must be able to be allocated further within the external sales organization. The board must determine the distribution based on performance  achieved title level and notified number of warrants.Price and payment etcThe warrants must be transferred on market terms at a price (premium) determined based on a calculated market value for the warrants using the Black & Scholes valuation model calculated by an independent valuation institute. For acquisitions made by new employees after the end of the initial notification period  the new market price must be determined accordingly. A preliminary calculation of the warrants' market value  taking current circumstances into account  shows a market value per warrant of SEK 3.00.Key individuals in the external sales organization will acquire the warrants at the market value determined. Payment must be made in cash.More information about the warrant programDilutionIn the case of full new subscription with the support of all warrants  500 000 new shares can be issued  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 1.5 percent of the total number of shares in the company  subject  however  to possible recalculation according to the warrant conditions and taking into account already outstanding warrants.Impact on key figures and costs for the company  etcThe company's profit per share is not affected when the warrants are issued  as the present value of the warrants' exercise price will exceed the current market value of the share at the time of the transfer to employees.The warrant program will only entail certain limited costs in the form of external consulting fees and administration regarding the warrant program.Preparation of the caseThe principles for the option program have been developed by the company's board. The board has subsequently decided to present this proposal to the general meeting. Apart from the officials who prepared the question according to instructions from the board  no employee who may be covered by the program has participated in the design of the terms and conditions.Instruction to the boardThe board proposes that the meeting instructs the board of the company to implement the decision as above and to ensure that the board of the Subsidiary carries out transfers of warrants as above.For decisions according to the above  assistance is required from shareholders who represent at least 9/10 of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Item 16 - Decision on issue of warrants - incentive program for employees and othersThe board proposes that the meeting decide on a directed issue of a maximum of 500 000 warrants of series 2023/2026:1  which means an increase in the share capital upon full utilization by a maximum of SEK 50 000. The following conditions shall otherwise apply to the decision:The right to subscribe for the warrants accrues  with deviation from the shareholders' preemptive right  to the subsidiary Zinzino Operations AB  registration no. 556655-2658 (""Subsidiary"")  with the right and obligation to transfer the warrants to employees etc. as below. Oversubscription cannot take place.The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential right is to stimulate share ownership in the company through an incentive program whereby the company's management and employees can take part in and work for a positive development in the value of the company's share during the period covered by the proposed program  and that the company must be able to retain and recruit competent and committed personnel.The warrants must be issued free of charge. Subscription of the warrants must take place within two weeks from the date of the issuance decision on a separate subscription list. The board has the right to extend the subscription period.Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for (1) B share in the company. New subscriptions for shares supported by the warrants can take place during the period from and including the Swedish Companies Registration Office's registration of the warrants up to and including 31 May 2026. The subscription price per share must amount to an amount determined on the day of the general meeting according to the following principles: the closing price of the company's share on the day of the general meeting  multiplied by a multiple of 1.4. The final price must be determined by the actor independent of the company who is tasked with valuing the warrants in accordance with the Black & Scholes valuation model and rounded so that the price is even 5 öre. The part of the subscription price that exceeds the quota value must be transferred to the free share premium fund. The new shares that may be issued upon new subscription are not covered by any reservations.Shares issued after subscription in accordance with these conditions carry the right to a dividend for the first time on the record date for the dividend that falls closest after the shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and entered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB. Warrants held by the Subsidiary and not transferred as described below may be canceled by the company following a decision by the board of the company with the consent of the board of the Subsidiary. Any cancellation must be notified to the Swedish Companies Registration Office for registration.The board  or whoever the board appoints  is authorized to make the minor adjustments and clarifications required for the decision's registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB.Other conditions for the warrants appear in the full warrant conditions  which are provided in accordance with what is stated under the heading "" Provision of documents"" below.Approval of transfer of warrantsThe board proposes that the general meeting approve the Subsidiary's transfers of warrants on the following terms. The right to acquire warrants from the Subsidiary shall accrue to the following categories:Category Maximum number of options/person Maximum number of options/category Group management and sales management(maximum 15 people) 100 000 350 000 Key employees(maximum 20 people) 10 000 150 000The right to acquire warrants from the Subsidiary shall only accrue to those persons who  at the end of the notification period  have not resigned or been dismissed.Options must also be offered to future new employees  i.a. in connection with the possible introduction of new positions/positions in the company. These new employees shall not be included in the maximum amounts stated under each position category  however  the maximum number of options per category shall not be affected. For such acquisitions  the conditions must be the same or equivalent to what is stated in this decision. This means  among other things  that acquisitions must take place at the current market value.Transfer to participants presupposes that acquisition of the warrants can legally take place  and that  according to the board's assessment  it can take place with reasonable administrative and financial efforts.Registration and allocationIf warrants within a certain category remain after all notifications within the category have been satisfied  the remaining number must be able to be allocated to participants in another category  whereby the board must determine the distribution based on category affiliation  staff category and notified number of warrants. However  such distribution may at most mean that the maximum number of warrants per person within a certain category is exceeded by 50 percent.The company's board decides on the final allocation.Price and payment etcThe warrants must be transferred on market terms at a price (premium) determined based on a calculated market value for the warrants using the Black & Scholes valuation model calculated by an independent valuation institute. For acquisitions made by new employees after the end of the initial notification period  the new market price must be determined accordingly. A preliminary calculation of the warrants' market value  taking current circumstances into account  shows a market value per warrant of SEK 2.55.The employees will acquire the warrants at the market value determined. Payment must be made in cash.More information about the warrant programDilutionIn the case of a full new subscription with the support of all warrants  500 000 new shares can be issued  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 1.5 percent of the total number of shares and votes in the company  subject  however  to possible recalculation according to the warrant conditions and taking into account already outstanding warrants.Impact on key figures and costs for the company  etcThe company's profit per share is not affected when the warrants are issued  as the present value of the warrants' exercise price will exceed the current market value of the share at the time of the transfer to employees.The warrant program will only entail certain limited costs in the form of external consulting fees and administration regarding the warrant program.Preparation of the caseThe principles for the option program have been developed by the company's board. The board has subsequently decided to present this proposal to the general meeting. Apart from the officials who prepared the question according to instructions from the board  no employee who may be covered by the program has participated in the design of the terms and conditions.Instruction to the boardThe board proposes that the meeting instructs the board of the company to implement the decision as above and to ensure that the board of the Subsidiary carries out transfers of warrants as above.For decisions as above  assistance is required from shareholders who represent at least 9/10 of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meetingOther share-related incentive programs etc. (common information for items 15 and 16)In addition to the now proposed incentive programs  there are currently four outstanding option programs. All programs are mostly aimed at the external distributor organization in the group  but also with some allocation to employees at the company.The first option program includes 800 000 warrants at an exercise price of SEK 18 per B share which expires on 2024-05-31  of which 50 000 were subscribed by the management team in the group. Other warrants in the program have been subscribed by the company's external distributors. As of the date of this call  469 100 warrants have already been exercised for share subscription within the framework of this warrant program.The second option program includes 1 000 000 warrants at an exercise price of SEK 45 per B share which expires on 2025-05-31  of which 220 000 were subscribed by the management team in the group  51 000 by key employees and 22 100 by other personnel in the group. Other warrants in the program have been subscribed by the company's external distributors. As of the date of this notice  36 033 warrants have already been exercised for share subscription within the framework of this warrant programTwo new option programs were decided at the company's annual general meeting on 05/31/2022. The first includes 900 000warrants at an exercise price of SEK 56 per B share expiring on 2027-05-31  of which 200 000 were signed by key people in the external sales organization  90 000 were signed by the management team  and 165 000 by key employees in the company.The second option program comprises 120 000 warrants at an exercise price of SEK 56 per B share which expires on 31/05/2027. The program is aimed solely at the board of Zinzino AB and as of the reporting date  100 000 warrants have been subscribed  of which 40 000 by the chairman of the board and 20 000 by the board's other members  fully in accordance with the general meeting's decision.If all outstanding warrants as above are used for new subscriptions  a total of 2 314 867 B shares will be issued  which corresponds to a total dilution of the share capital amounting to a total of approximately 6.5%.Item 17 - Decision on directed new issue with payment by offsetting the claim to Kenneth Koh.The board proposes to the meeting to decide to increase the share capital by SEK 2 018.8 by issuing 20 188 new B shares. New B shares carry the right to a profit distribution for the first time on the dividend record date that falls closest after the new issue has been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and the share entered in the share register at Euroclear Sweden AB. The right to subscribe for the 20 188 B shares belongs only to Kenneth Peow Swee Koh. Subscription for new shares must take place on a separate subscription list no later than June 15  2023  but the board shall have the right to extend the subscription period. Payment of the liquid for the shares takes place by offsetting Kenneth Peow Swee Koh's claim on Zinzino AB amounting to SEK 521 855. The subscription price for each newly subscribed share amounts to SEK 25.85. The part of the subscription price that exceeds the quota value must be transferred to the free share premium fund.The reason for deviating from the shareholders' preferential right is to enable the acquisition from which the current set-off claim is derived. The possibility of carrying out strategically important acquisitions for the company through targeted new issues is of great operational importance for the company. According to the board  this speaks in total and with sufficient strength that it is in the interests of the company and the shareholders to make an issue with a deviation from the shareholders' preferential right. The current subscription price follows the principles stated in the current share transfer agreement  which in turn was determined after extensive negotiations with the subscriber. The subscription price is thus considered by the board to be market-based.For decisions according to the above  assistance is required from shareholders who represent at least 9/10 of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Item 18 - Decision on directed new issue with payment by offsetting the claim to Enhanzz AG.The board proposes to the meeting to decide to increase the share capital by SEK 5 759.5 by issuing 57 595 new B shares. New B shares carry the right to a profit distribution for the first time on the dividend record date that falls closest after the new issue has been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and the share entered in the share register at Euroclear Sweden AB. The right to subscribe for the 57 595 class B shares belongs only to Enhanzz AG. Subscription for new shares must take place on a separate subscription list no later than June 15  2023  but the board shall have the right to extend the subscription period. Payment of the cash for the shares takes place by offsetting Enhanzz AG's claim on Zinzino AB amounting to SEK 1 935 200. The subscription price for each newly subscribed share amounts to SEK 33.60. The part of the subscription price that exceeds the quota value must be transferred to the free share premium fund.The reason for deviating from the shareholders' preferential right is to enable the acquisition from which the current set-off claim is derived. The possibility of carrying out strategically important acquisitions for the company through targeted new issues is of great operational importance for the company. According to the board  this speaks in total and with sufficient strength that it is in the interests of the company and the shareholders to make an issue with a deviation from the shareholders' preferential right. The current subscription price follows the principles stated in the current share transfer agreement  which in turn was determined after extensive negotiations with the subscriber. The subscription price is thus considered by the board to be market-based.For decisions according to the above  assistance is required from shareholders who represent at least 9/10 of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Item 19 - Decision on issue authorization for preferential issuesThe board proposes that the general meeting authorizes the board to  on one or more occasions during the period until the next annual general meeting  decide on a new issue of B shares and/or warrants and/or convertibles against cash payment and/or with provision for in-kind or set-off or otherwise with conditions taking into account the shareholders' pre-emptive rights. Any warrants or the convertible issued under this authorization shall entitle the holder to subscribe for B shares.The issues must take place at a market subscription rate determined by the board. The number of B shares that can be issued and the number of B shares that can be subscribed for with the support of an option right to subscribe for new shares  respectively the number of B shares that convertibles must entitle conversion to  must in total amount to such a number as can be accommodated within the limits of the articles of association regarding the number of shares and share capital.The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for any deviation from the shareholders' preferential right is that issues should be able to take place for financing the company's operations  commercialization and development of the company's products and markets and/or acquisition of operations  companies or parts of companies  and/or to enable a broadening of the owner base in the company.Item 20 - Decision on issue authorization for targeted issuesThe board proposes that the general meeting authorizes the board to  on one or more occasions during the period until the next annual general meeting  decide on a new issue of B shares and/or warrants and/or convertibles against cash payment and/or with provision for in-kind or set-off or otherwise with conditions and thereby being able to deviate from the shareholders' preferential right. Any warrants or the convertible issued under this authorization shall entitle the holder to subscribe for B shares.The issues must take place at a market subscription rate determined by the board. The number of B shares that can be issued and the number of B shares that can be subscribed for with the support of warrants to subscribe for new shares and the number of B shares that convertibles must entitle conversion to must total 3 000 000 B shares.The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for any deviation from the shareholders' preferential right is that issues should be able to take place for financing the company's operations  commercialization and development of the company's products and markets and/or acquisition of operations  companies or parts of companies  and/or to enable a broadening of the owner base in the company.For decisions according to the above  assistance is required from shareholders who represent at least 2/3 of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTESThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 33 860 563  of which 5 113 392 shares of series A and 28 747 171 shares of series B. The total number of votes in the company amounts to 7 988 109.10. The company does not hold any own shares.RIGHT OF SHAREHOLDERS TO REQUEST INFORMATIONThe board and the managing director must  if a shareholder requests it and the board considers that it can be done without significant damage to the company  provide information about conditions that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  and conditions that may affect the assessment of the company's financial situation. The disclosure obligation also refers to the company's relationship with other group companies and the consolidated accounts  as well as such relationships regarding group companies referred to above.SUPPLY OF DEEDSAccounting documents  auditor's report and other documents to be processed at the meeting will be kept available at the company's office with address Hulda Mellgrens Gata 5  421 32 Västra Frölunda  as well as on its website  www.zinzino.com  no later than three weeks before the meeting. The documents are also sent free of charge to shareholders who request it and who state their postal address.PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Integritetspolicy-bolagsstammor-svenska.pdfGothenburg in April 2023Zinzino ABThe boardFor more information:Dag Bergheim Pettersen CEO Zinzino +47 (0) 932 25 700  zinzino.comPictures for publication free of charge:marketing@zinzino.comCertified Adviser: Erik Penser Bank Aktiebolag  +46 (0) 8 463 83 00  email: certifiedadviser@penser.seThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/10976/3761119/2022798.pdf Pressrelease_Notice of General Meeting of Zinzino ABCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/zinzino-ab-publ-notice-to-the-annual-meeting-of-zinzino-ab-on-may-31-2023-301812803.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.71,0.14,0.15,True,English,"['ANNUAL MEETING', 'ZINZINO', 'PUBL', 'NOTICE', 'MAY', 'Västra Frölunda', 'zero deputy board members', 'Magnus Götenfelt', 'Cashflow Holding ApS', 'Peter Sörensen', 'Saele Invest AS', 'Hulda Mellgrens gata', 'consolidated income statement', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated audit report', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'other authorization documents', 'five board members', 'annual general meeting', 'annual report', 'consolidated accounts', 'other members', 'Saele family', 'other hand', 'remuneration report', 'Zinzino AB', 'share register', 'following way', 'voter register', 'video recording', 'two adjusters', 'managing director', 'incentive program', 'external distributors', 'Kenneth Koh.', 'Enhanzz AG', 'preferential issues', 'targeted issues', 'adjustment authorization', 'nomination committee', 'Cecilia Halldner', 'Hans Jacobsson', 'board fee', 'previous year', 'good time', 'SUGGESTED AGENDA', 'new issue', 'issue authorization', 'election committee', 'Personal/organisation number', 'phone number', 'dated power', 'attorney forms', 'Such registration', 'PROPOSED DECISION', 'GOTHENBURG', 'shareholders', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'company', 'premises', 'ambition', 'order', 'part', 'RIGHT', 'Tuesday', 'ii.', 'intention', 'persregulations', 'shares', 'trustees', 'name', 'days', 'administrator', 'advance', 'post', 'mail', 'fredrik', 'nielsen', 'reporting', 'Address', 'assistants', 'representative', 'written', 'website', 'place', 'agent', 'certificate', 'Story', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'Establishment', 'approval', 'Internet', 'minutes', 'Examination', 'CEO', 'Presentation', 'dispositions', 'profit', 'loss', 'discharge', 'liability', 'deputies', 'auditors', 'fees', 'principles', 'warrants', 'employees', 'others', 'payment', 'claim', 'Closure', 'accordance', 'Item', 'Determination', '1.30', '9.', '14.']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,finance.yahoo.com
24122,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/zinzino-ab-publ-notice-to-the-annual-meeting-of-zinzino-ab-on-may-31-2023-301812803.html,ZINZINO AB (PUBL.): NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL MEETING OF ZINZINO AB ON MAY 31  2023,GOTHENBURG  Sweden  May 2  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Zinzino AB (publ.) are hereby invited to the annual general meeting on Wednesday  31 May 2023  at 1.30 pm on the company's premises at Hulda Mellgrens gata 5 in Gothenburg. Registration begin…,"GOTHENBURG  Sweden  May 2  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in Zinzino AB (publ.) are hereby invited to the annual general meeting on Wednesday  31 May 2023  at 1.30 pm on the company's premises at Hulda Mellgrens gata 5 in Gothenburg. Registration begins at 13.15.It is the company's ambition to webcast the meeting in order to be able to take part in the meeting remotely.RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN THE GENERAL MEETINGShareholders who wish to participate in the annual general meeting shall.i. partly be entered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of Tuesday  23 May 2023  andii. and  on the other hand  by Tuesday  30 May 2023 at the latest  have notified their intention to participate in the annual general meeting according to the persregulations below.Shareholders who have had their shares registered by trustees must in order to have the right to participate in the annual general meeting to temporarily register the shares in its own name in that of Euroclear Sweden AB keep the share register. Such registration  which normally takes a few days  must be completed no later than Tuesday  23 May 2023. The administrator should therefore be notified well in advance of this time.THIS IS HOW YOU REGISTERRegistration for participation in the meeting can be done in the following way:by post to Zinzino AB  Hulda Mellgrens gata 5  421 32 Västra Frölunda  orby e-mail to [email protected]When reporting  the shareholder must state:NamePersonal/organisation numberAddress and phone number during the dayWhere applicable  name and number (maximum two) of assistants who must accompany the shareholder at the meeting.Shareholders who wish to be represented by a representative must issue a written and dated power of attorney for the representative. Power of attorney forms can be obtained through the company and will also be available on the company's website  www.zinzino.com. If participation takes place through an agent or deputy  a power of attorney  certificate of registration or other authorization documents should be submitted to the company in good time before the general meeting.SUGGESTED AGENDA1. Opening of the meeting.2. Election of chairman at the meeting.3. Establishment and approval of voter register.4. Decision to broadcast a video recording of the meeting via the Internet5. Election of one or two adjusters to adjust the minutes together with the chairman.6. Approval of the agenda.7. Examination of whether the meeting has been duly convened.8. Address by the CEO.9. Presentation of submitted annual report and audit report as well as consolidated accounts and consolidated audit report.10. Decisiona. on determining the income statement and balance sheet as well as consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet for 2022b. on dispositions regarding the company's profit or loss according to the established balance sheetc. discharge of liability for board members and managing director.11. Determining the number of board members  deputies and auditors to be elected by the meeting.12. Decision on fees to the board members and auditor.13. Election of board members and the chairman of the board and auditor.14. Decision on establishing principles for the election committee.15. Decision on issue of warrants - incentive program for external distributors.16. Decision on issue of warrants - incentive program for employees and others.17. Decision on directed new issue of shares with payment by offsetting the claim to Kenneth Koh.18. Decision on directed new issue of shares with payment by offsetting the claim to Enhanzz AG.19. Decision on issue authorization for preferential issues.20. Decision on issue authorization for targeted issues.21. Presentation of the board's remuneration report for approval.22. Decision on adjustment authorization.23. Closure of the meeting.ELECTION COMMITTEEIn accordance with the decision of the 2022 Annual General Meeting  a nomination committee has been established. The nomination committee consists of Magnus Götenfelt (representing Saele Invest AS and the Saele family)  Cecilia Halldner (representing Cashflow Holding ApS  Peter Sörensen) and Hans Jacobsson (Chairman of Zinzino AB). The chairman of the nomination committee is Magnus Götenfelt.PROPOSED DECISION OF THE ELECTION COMMITTEEItem 2. Election of chairman at the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that Hans Jacobsson or  if he is prevented  the person nominated by the nomination committee instead be elected chairman of the meeting.Item 11. Determination of the number of board members  deputies and auditors to be elected by the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that the board should consist of five board members and zero deputy board members and that the number of auditors should be one.Item 12. Decision on fees to the board members and auditorThe nomination committee proposes that the board fee be increased by 7% for the chairman and 6% for the other members compared to the previous year and be paid out with a total of SEK 1 095 000  of which SEK 300 000 to the chairman  SEK 170 000 to each of the other board members  SEK 50 000 to the chairman of the audit committee and 25 000 kroner to a member of the audit committee and 20 000 kroner to the chairman of the remuneration committee and 15 000 to a member of the remuneration committee.The nomination committee proposes that the auditor's fee be paid according to an invoice approved by the company.Item 13. Election of board members and chairman of the board and auditorThe nomination committee proposes  for the time until the end of the next annual general meeting  the re-election of members Hans Jacobsson  Staffan Hillberg  Pierre Mårtensson  Ingela Nordenhav and Anna Frick.The nomination committee proposes  for the time until the end of the next annual general meeting  the registered auditing company BDO Göteborg AB (BDO) to be the company's auditor. BDO has announced that  on condition that the nomination committee's proposal is accepted by the annual general meeting  the authorized accountant Katarina Eklund will be appointed as principal auditor.Item 14. Decision on establishing principles for the election committee.The nomination committee proposes that the meeting should continue to have a nomination committee to be appointed and operate according to the principles below. The principles correspond to the previous year's principles for the election committee.By the end of October 2023 at the latest  the chairman of the board must contact the two largest shareholders or ownership groups based on ownership statistics from Euroclear Sweden AB as of the last banking day in September before the annual general meeting and ask them to appoint one member each to be part of the election committee. If one of the two largest shareholders or ownership groups in terms of votes refrains from appointing a member of the nomination committee  the next shareholder in terms of ownership stake is contacted with the task of appointing a member of the nomination committee. The mandate period shall run until a new election committee has been appointed. The composition of the nomination committee must be announced no later than six months before the company's annual general meeting. If a member leaves the nomination committee before its work is completed  the shareholder who appointed the member shall have the right to appoint a new member. The nomination committee's mandate includes submitting proposals for (i) the chairman of the annual general meeting  (ii) the number of board members  (iii) fees to the board members and other remuneration for committee work  (iv) selection of and decision on fees for the auditor  (v) before the 2024 annual general meeting. ) election of board members and the chairman of the board  as well as (vi) principles for the election committee.BOARD OF DIRECTORS' PROPOSALItem 10 (b) – Decision on dispositions regarding the company's profit according to the established balance sheetThe board proposes that a dividend of SEK 1.75 per share be paid. The board proposes Friday  June 2  2023  as the record date for receiving the dividend. If the meeting decides in accordance with the proposal  payment of the dividend is expected to take place on Thursday  June 8  2023  through Euroclear Sweden AB. The remaining part of the balanced profits is proposed to be transferred into a new account.Item 15 - Decision on issue of warrants - incentive program for key personnel in the external sales organizationThe board proposes that the meeting decides on a directed issue of a maximum of 500 000 warrants of series 2023/2028:1  which means an increase in the share capital upon full utilization by a maximum of SEK 50 000. The following conditions shall otherwise apply to the decision:The right to subscribe for the warrants accrues  with deviation from the shareholders' preemptive right  to the subsidiary Zinzino Operations AB  reg.no. 556655-2658 (""Subsidiary"")  with the right and obligation to transfer the warrants to distributors in the external sales organization as described below. Oversubscription cannot take place.The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential right is to stimulate share ownership in the company through an incentive program whereby people in the external distributor organization can take part in and work for a positive development in the value of the share in the company during the period covered by the proposed program  and that the company must be able to retain and recruit competent and committed staff.The warrants must be issued free of charge. Subscription of the warrants must take place within two weeks from the date of the issuance decision on a separate subscription list. The board has the right to extend the subscription period.Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for (1) B share in the company. New subscriptions for shares with the support of the warrants can take place during the period from and including the Swedish Companies Registration Office's registration of the warrants up to and including 31 May 2028. The subscription price per share must amount to an amount determined on the day of the general meeting according to the following principles: the closing price of the company's share on the day of the general meeting  multiplied by a multiple of 1.7. The final price must be determined by the actor independent of the company who is tasked with valuing the warrants in accordance with the Black & Scholes valuation model and rounded so that the price is even 5 öre. The new shares that may be issued upon new subscription are not covered by any reservations.Shares issued after subscription in accordance with these conditions carry the right to a dividend for the first time on the record date for the dividend that falls closest after the shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and entered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB. Warrants held by the Subsidiary and not transferred as described below may be canceled by the company following a decision by the board of the company with the consent of the board of the Subsidiary. Any cancellation must be notified to the Swedish Companies Registration Office for registration.The board  or whoever the board appoints  is authorized to make the minor adjustments and clarifications required for the decision's registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB.Other conditions for the warrants appear in the full warrant conditions  which are provided in accordance with what is stated under the heading "" Provision of documents"" below.Approval of transfer of warrantsThe board proposes that the general meeting approve the Subsidiary's transfers of warrants on the following terms. The right to acquire warrants from the Subsidiary shall be added to the following category:Category Maximum number of options/person Maximum number of options in total Key people in the external sales organization(maximum 20 people) 100 000 500 000The right to acquire warrants from the Subsidiary shall only accrue to persons who  at the end of the notification period  have not terminated their contracts or been terminated from them.Transfer to participants presupposes that acquisition of the warrants can legally take place  and that  according to the board's assessment  it can take place with reasonable administrative and financial efforts.Registration and allocationIf warrants remain after all notifications have been satisfied  the remaining number must be able to be allocated further within the external sales organization. The board must determine the distribution based on performance  achieved title level and notified number of warrants.Price and payment etcThe warrants must be transferred on market terms at a price (premium) determined based on a calculated market value for the warrants using the Black & Scholes valuation model calculated by an independent valuation institute. For acquisitions made by new employees after the end of the initial notification period  the new market price must be determined accordingly. A preliminary calculation of the warrants' market value  taking current circumstances into account  shows a market value per warrant of SEK 3.00.Key individuals in the external sales organization will acquire the warrants at the market value determined. Payment must be made in cash.More information about the warrant programDilutionIn the case of full new subscription with the support of all warrants  500 000 new shares can be issued  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 1.5 percent of the total number of shares in the company  subject  however  to possible recalculation according to the warrant conditions and taking into account already outstanding warrants.Impact on key figures and costs for the company  etcThe company's profit per share is not affected when the warrants are issued  as the present value of the warrants' exercise price will exceed the current market value of the share at the time of the transfer to employees.The warrant program will only entail certain limited costs in the form of external consulting fees and administration regarding the warrant program.Preparation of the caseThe principles for the option program have been developed by the company's board. The board has subsequently decided to present this proposal to the general meeting. Apart from the officials who prepared the question according to instructions from the board  no employee who may be covered by the program has participated in the design of the terms and conditions.Instruction to the boardThe board proposes that the meeting instructs the board of the company to implement the decision as above and to ensure that the board of the Subsidiary carries out transfers of warrants as above.For decisions according to the above  assistance is required from shareholders who represent at least 9/10 of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Item 16 - Decision on issue of warrants - incentive program for employees and othersThe board proposes that the meeting decide on a directed issue of a maximum of 500 000 warrants of series 2023/2026:1  which means an increase in the share capital upon full utilization by a maximum of SEK 50 000. The following conditions shall otherwise apply to the decision:The right to subscribe for the warrants accrues  with deviation from the shareholders' preemptive right  to the subsidiary Zinzino Operations AB  registration no. 556655-2658 (""Subsidiary"")  with the right and obligation to transfer the warrants to employees etc. as below. Oversubscription cannot take place.The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential right is to stimulate share ownership in the company through an incentive program whereby the company's management and employees can take part in and work for a positive development in the value of the company's share during the period covered by the proposed program  and that the company must be able to retain and recruit competent and committed personnel.The warrants must be issued free of charge. Subscription of the warrants must take place within two weeks from the date of the issuance decision on a separate subscription list. The board has the right to extend the subscription period.Each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe for (1) B share in the company. New subscriptions for shares supported by the warrants can take place during the period from and including the Swedish Companies Registration Office's registration of the warrants up to and including 31 May 2026. The subscription price per share must amount to an amount determined on the day of the general meeting according to the following principles: the closing price of the company's share on the day of the general meeting  multiplied by a multiple of 1.4. The final price must be determined by the actor independent of the company who is tasked with valuing the warrants in accordance with the Black & Scholes valuation model and rounded so that the price is even 5 öre. The part of the subscription price that exceeds the quota value must be transferred to the free share premium fund. The new shares that may be issued upon new subscription are not covered by any reservations.Shares issued after subscription in accordance with these conditions carry the right to a dividend for the first time on the record date for the dividend that falls closest after the shares have been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and entered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB. Warrants held by the Subsidiary and not transferred as described below may be canceled by the company following a decision by the board of the company with the consent of the board of the Subsidiary. Any cancellation must be notified to the Swedish Companies Registration Office for registration.The board  or whoever the board appoints  is authorized to make the minor adjustments and clarifications required for the decision's registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB.Other conditions for the warrants appear in the full warrant conditions  which are provided in accordance with what is stated under the heading "" Provision of documents"" below.Approval of transfer of warrantsThe board proposes that the general meeting approve the Subsidiary's transfers of warrants on the following terms. The right to acquire warrants from the Subsidiary shall accrue to the following categories:Category Maximum number of options/person Maximum number of options/category Group management and sales management(maximum 15 people) 100 000 350 000 Key employees(maximum 20 people) 10 000 150 000The right to acquire warrants from the Subsidiary shall only accrue to those persons who  at the end of the notification period  have not resigned or been dismissed.Options must also be offered to future new employees  i.a. in connection with the possible introduction of new positions/positions in the company. These new employees shall not be included in the maximum amounts stated under each position category  however  the maximum number of options per category shall not be affected. For such acquisitions  the conditions must be the same or equivalent to what is stated in this decision. This means  among other things  that acquisitions must take place at the current market value.Transfer to participants presupposes that acquisition of the warrants can legally take place  and that  according to the board's assessment  it can take place with reasonable administrative and financial efforts.Registration and allocationIf warrants within a certain category remain after all notifications within the category have been satisfied  the remaining number must be able to be allocated to participants in another category  whereby the board must determine the distribution based on category affiliation  staff category and notified number of warrants. However  such distribution may at most mean that the maximum number of warrants per person within a certain category is exceeded by 50 percent.The company's board decides on the final allocation.Price and payment etcThe warrants must be transferred on market terms at a price (premium) determined based on a calculated market value for the warrants using the Black & Scholes valuation model calculated by an independent valuation institute. For acquisitions made by new employees after the end of the initial notification period  the new market price must be determined accordingly. A preliminary calculation of the warrants' market value  taking current circumstances into account  shows a market value per warrant of SEK 2.55.The employees will acquire the warrants at the market value determined. Payment must be made in cash.More information about the warrant programDilutionIn the case of a full new subscription with the support of all warrants  500 000 new shares can be issued  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 1.5 percent of the total number of shares and votes in the company  subject  however  to possible recalculation according to the warrant conditions and taking into account already outstanding warrants.Impact on key figures and costs for the company  etcThe company's profit per share is not affected when the warrants are issued  as the present value of the warrants' exercise price will exceed the current market value of the share at the time of the transfer to employees.The warrant program will only entail certain limited costs in the form of external consulting fees and administration regarding the warrant program.Preparation of the caseThe principles for the option program have been developed by the company's board. The board has subsequently decided to present this proposal to the general meeting. Apart from the officials who prepared the question according to instructions from the board  no employee who may be covered by the program has participated in the design of the terms and conditions.Instruction to the boardThe board proposes that the meeting instructs the board of the company to implement the decision as above and to ensure that the board of the Subsidiary carries out transfers of warrants as above.For decisions as above  assistance is required from shareholders who represent at least 9/10 of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meetingOther share-related incentive programs etc. (common information for items 15 and 16)In addition to the now proposed incentive programs  there are currently four outstanding option programs. All programs are mostly aimed at the external distributor organization in the group  but also with some allocation to employees at the company.The first option program includes 800 000 warrants at an exercise price of SEK 18 per B share which expires on 2024-05-31  of which 50 000 were subscribed by the management team in the group. Other warrants in the program have been subscribed by the company's external distributors. As of the date of this call  469 100 warrants have already been exercised for share subscription within the framework of this warrant program.The second option program includes 1 000 000 warrants at an exercise price of SEK 45 per B share which expires on 2025-05-31  of which 220 000 were subscribed by the management team in the group  51 000 by key employees and 22 100 by other personnel in the group. Other warrants in the program have been subscribed by the company's external distributors. As of the date of this notice  36 033 warrants have already been exercised for share subscription within the framework of this warrant programTwo new option programs were decided at the company's annual general meeting on 05/31/2022. The first includes 900 000warrants at an exercise price of SEK 56 per B share expiring on 2027-05-31  of which 200 000 were signed by key people in the external sales organization  90 000 were signed by the management team  and 165 000 by key employees in the company.The second option program comprises 120 000 warrants at an exercise price of SEK 56 per B share which expires on 31/05/2027. The program is aimed solely at the board of Zinzino AB and as of the reporting date  100 000 warrants have been subscribed  of which 40 000 by the chairman of the board and 20 000 by the board's other members  fully in accordance with the general meeting's decision.If all outstanding warrants as above are used for new subscriptions  a total of 2 314 867 B shares will be issued  which corresponds to a total dilution of the share capital amounting to a total of approximately 6.5%.Item 17 - Decision on directed new issue with payment by offsetting the claim to Kenneth Koh.The board proposes to the meeting to decide to increase the share capital by SEK 2 018.8 by issuing 20 188 new B shares. New B shares carry the right to a profit distribution for the first time on the dividend record date that falls closest after the new issue has been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and the share entered in the share register at Euroclear Sweden AB. The right to subscribe for the 20 188 B shares belongs only to Kenneth Peow Swee Koh. Subscription for new shares must take place on a separate subscription list no later than June 15  2023  but the board shall have the right to extend the subscription period. Payment of the liquid for the shares takes place by offsetting Kenneth Peow Swee Koh's claim on Zinzino AB amounting to SEK 521 855. The subscription price for each newly subscribed share amounts to SEK 25.85. The part of the subscription price that exceeds the quota value must be transferred to the free share premium fund.The reason for deviating from the shareholders' preferential right is to enable the acquisition from which the current set-off claim is derived. The possibility of carrying out strategically important acquisitions for the company through targeted new issues is of great operational importance for the company. According to the board  this speaks in total and with sufficient strength that it is in the interests of the company and the shareholders to make an issue with a deviation from the shareholders' preferential right. The current subscription price follows the principles stated in the current share transfer agreement  which in turn was determined after extensive negotiations with the subscriber. The subscription price is thus considered by the board to be market-based.For decisions according to the above  assistance is required from shareholders who represent at least 9/10 of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Item 18 - Decision on directed new issue with payment by offsetting the claim to Enhanzz AG.The board proposes to the meeting to decide to increase the share capital by SEK 5 759.5 by issuing 57 595 new B shares. New B shares carry the right to a profit distribution for the first time on the dividend record date that falls closest after the new issue has been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and the share entered in the share register at Euroclear Sweden AB. The right to subscribe for the 57 595 class B shares belongs only to Enhanzz AG. Subscription for new shares must take place on a separate subscription list no later than June 15  2023  but the board shall have the right to extend the subscription period. Payment of the cash for the shares takes place by offsetting Enhanzz AG's claim on Zinzino AB amounting to SEK 1 935 200. The subscription price for each newly subscribed share amounts to SEK 33.60. The part of the subscription price that exceeds the quota value must be transferred to the free share premium fund.The reason for deviating from the shareholders' preferential right is to enable the acquisition from which the current set-off claim is derived. The possibility of carrying out strategically important acquisitions for the company through targeted new issues is of great operational importance for the company. According to the board  this speaks in total and with sufficient strength that it is in the interests of the company and the shareholders to make an issue with a deviation from the shareholders' preferential right. The current subscription price follows the principles stated in the current share transfer agreement  which in turn was determined after extensive negotiations with the subscriber. The subscription price is thus considered by the board to be market-based.For decisions according to the above  assistance is required from shareholders who represent at least 9/10 of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.Item 19 - Decision on issue authorization for preferential issuesThe board proposes that the general meeting authorizes the board to  on one or more occasions during the period until the next annual general meeting  decide on a new issue of B shares and/or warrants and/or convertibles against cash payment and/or with provision for in-kind or set-off or otherwise with conditions taking into account the shareholders' pre-emptive rights. Any warrants or the convertible issued under this authorization shall entitle the holder to subscribe for B shares.The issues must take place at a market subscription rate determined by the board. The number of B shares that can be issued and the number of B shares that can be subscribed for with the support of an option right to subscribe for new shares  respectively the number of B shares that convertibles must entitle conversion to  must in total amount to such a number as can be accommodated within the limits of the articles of association regarding the number of shares and share capital.The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for any deviation from the shareholders' preferential right is that issues should be able to take place for financing the company's operations  commercialization and development of the company's products and markets and/or acquisition of operations  companies or parts of companies  and/or to enable a broadening of the owner base in the company.Item 20 - Decision on issue authorization for targeted issuesThe board proposes that the general meeting authorizes the board to  on one or more occasions during the period until the next annual general meeting  decide on a new issue of B shares and/or warrants and/or convertibles against cash payment and/or with provision for in-kind or set-off or otherwise with conditions and thereby being able to deviate from the shareholders' preferential right. Any warrants or the convertible issued under this authorization shall entitle the holder to subscribe for B shares.The issues must take place at a market subscription rate determined by the board. The number of B shares that can be issued and the number of B shares that can be subscribed for with the support of warrants to subscribe for new shares and the number of B shares that convertibles must entitle conversion to must total 3 000 000 B shares.The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for any deviation from the shareholders' preferential right is that issues should be able to take place for financing the company's operations  commercialization and development of the company's products and markets and/or acquisition of operations  companies or parts of companies  and/or to enable a broadening of the owner base in the company.For decisions according to the above  assistance is required from shareholders who represent at least 2/3 of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTESThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 33 860 563  of which 5 113 392 shares of series A and 28 747 171 shares of series B. The total number of votes in the company amounts to 7 988 109.10. The company does not hold any own shares.RIGHT OF SHAREHOLDERS TO REQUEST INFORMATIONThe board and the managing director must  if a shareholder requests it and the board considers that it can be done without significant damage to the company  provide information about conditions that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda  and conditions that may affect the assessment of the company's financial situation. The disclosure obligation also refers to the company's relationship with other group companies and the consolidated accounts  as well as such relationships regarding group companies referred to above.SUPPLY OF DEEDSAccounting documents  auditor's report and other documents to be processed at the meeting will be kept available at the company's office with address Hulda Mellgrens Gata 5  421 32 Västra Frölunda  as well as on its website  www.zinzino.com  no later than three weeks before the meeting. The documents are also sent free of charge to shareholders who request it and who state their postal address.PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATAFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Integritetspolicy-bolagsstammor-svenska.pdfGothenburg in April 2023Zinzino ABThe boardFor more information:Dag Bergheim Pettersen CEO Zinzino +47 (0) 932 25 700  zinzino.comPictures for publication free of charge:[email protected]Certified Adviser: Erik Penser Bank Aktiebolag  +46 (0) 8 463 83 00  email: [email protected]The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/10976/3761119/2022798.pdf Pressrelease_Notice of General Meeting of Zinzino ABSOURCE Zinzino",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.96,0.02,0.02,True,English,"['ANNUAL MEETING', 'ZINZINO', 'PUBL', 'NOTICE', 'MAY', 'Västra Frölunda', 'zero deputy board members', 'Magnus Götenfelt', 'Cashflow Holding ApS', 'Peter Sörensen', 'Saele Invest AS', 'Hulda Mellgrens gata', 'consolidated income statement', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated audit report', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'other authorization documents', 'five board members', 'annual general meeting', 'annual report', 'consolidated accounts', 'other members', 'Saele family', 'Zinzino AB', 'other hand', 'remuneration report', 'share register', 'following way', 'voter register', 'video recording', 'two adjusters', 'managing director', 'incentive program', 'external distributors', 'Kenneth Koh', 'Enhanzz AG', 'preferential issues', 'targeted issues', 'adjustment authorization', 'nomination committee', 'Cecilia Halldner', 'Hans Jacobsson', 'board fee', 'previous year', 'good time', 'SUGGESTED AGENDA', 'new issue', 'issue authorization', 'election committee', 'Personal/organisation number', 'phone number', 'dated power', 'attorney forms', 'Such registration', 'PROPOSED DECISION', 'GOTHENBURG', 'shareholders', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'company', 'premises', 'ambition', 'order', 'part', 'RIGHT', 'Tuesday', 'ii.', 'intention', 'persregulations', 'shares', 'trustees', 'name', 'days', 'administrator', 'advance', 'post', 'mail', 'reporting', 'Address', 'assistants', 'representative', 'written', 'website', 'place', 'agent', 'certificate', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'Establishment', 'approval', 'Internet', 'minutes', 'Examination', 'CEO', 'Presentation', 'dispositions', 'profit', 'loss', 'discharge', 'liability', 'deputies', 'auditors', 'fees', 'principles', 'warrants', 'employees', 'others', 'payment', 'claim', 'Closure', 'accordance', 'Item', 'Determination', 'total', '1.30', '9.', '2022', '14.']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,prnewswire.com
24123,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://fintechnews.ch/fintechgermany/deutsche-borse-with-3-9-billion-euro-all-cash-takeover-offer-for-simcorp/59906/,Deutsche Börse With 3.9 Billion Euro All-Cash Takeover Offer for SimCorp,SimCorp A/S entered into an agreement to which Deutsche Börse AG will make an all cash voluntary public takeover offer  valuing the issued capital of SimCorp at EUR 3.9B.,Deutsche Börse has announced a binding agreement with SimCorp in which it will make an all-cash voluntary public takeover offer to acquire all shares of Denmark’s SimCorp A/S  valuing the firm at €3.9 billion.The offer price represents a premium of 38.9% and 45.3% to the closing share price and 3-month volume-weighted average price as of 26 April 2023  respectively. The transaction is expected to be completed in Q3 2023  subject to regulatory approvals and customary conditions.The acquisition of SimCorp A/S  a provider of investment management software and related technology services  will complement Deutsche Börse AG’s existing data and analytics businesses  paving the way for a comprehensive front-to-back Investment Management Solutions segment.The combined entity will expand Deutsche Börse total addressable market with expertise across data  index  and analytics  and build upon the previous collaboration initiated in 2021 with Qontigo  a Deutsche Börse AG subsidiary.Additionally  SimCorp A/S will continue to operate as an independent front-to-back investment management solutions provider  operating as an open platform under its established brand name. Deutsche Börse AG will also maintain SimCorp’s global operational presence  along with the the SimCorp Group headquarters and registered office in Denmark.SimCorp’s Board of Directors has confirmed its unanimous recommendation for shareholders to accept the offer. Members of SimCorp A/S’s Executive Management Board and Board of Directors have also committed to accept the offer  subject to customary conditions.At the same time  Deutsche Börse plans to accelerate the development of its Data & Analytics segment  intending to combine Qontigo and ISS with General Atlantic as the sole minority shareholder of the combined Qontigo entity. This will create a combined ESG  data  index  and analytics provider  exploring value-creating capital market options  including a potential IPO in the medium term.The synergies from the cooperation and partnerships within the group are expected to generate around €90 million in annual EBITDA synergies within three years of completing the offer  with a one-off cost of €100 million. These synergies include €55 million in cost synergies and €35 million in revenue synergies.“Through our existing partnership we have come to know and appreciate the management of SimCorp A/S and the strategic transformation they have initiated  backed by a highly competent team of skilled employees ”said Theodor Weimer  CEO of Deutsche Börse AG.“In addition to the SimCorp A/S transaction  we have decided to merge ISS and Qontigo. Both transactions will bring long-term growth  sizeable and tangible synergies  and a significant increase of our recurring revenues. We would be delighted to welcome SimCorp A/S  which has been a trusted business partner for many years  to Deutsche Börse Group and to embark on this exciting journey together.”“The Board of Directors finds that the offer from Deutsche Börse AG represents attractive value for the shareholders of SimCorp A/S as the company accelerates its transformation to a full-scale SaaS and BPaaS provider to deliver sustained long-term profitable growth ”stated Peter Schütze  Chair of the Board of Directors of SimCorp A/S.“Deutsche Börse AG is well-positioned to contribute to the realisation of the long-term potential of SimCorp A/S  and the offer is a clear testament to the strong position and prospects of SimCorp A/S in a global investment industry undergoing fundamental changes and seeing rising demand for integrated technology platforms.”Deutsche Börse will finance the acquisition with cash and debt  having entered into a fully underwritten bridge facility with Morgan Stanley.Featured image credit: Theodor Weimer  CEO of Deutsche Börse AG and Peter Schütze  Chair of the Board of Directors of SimCorp A/S,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.82,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['3.9 Billion Euro All-Cash Takeover Offer', 'Deutsche Börse', 'SimCorp', 'Deutsche Börse total addressable market', 'Deutsche Börse AG subsidiary', 'value-creating capital market options', '3-month volume-weighted average price', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'voluntary public takeover offer', 'Investment Management Solutions segment', 'investment management solutions provider', 'investment management software', 'global investment industry', 'closing share price', 'related technology services', 'global operational presence', 'sole minority shareholder', 'trusted business partner', 'Peter Schütze', 'integrated technology platforms', 'Featured image credit', 'long-term profitable growth', 'annual EBITDA synergies', 'SimCorp Group headquarters', 'Executive Management Board', 'SimCorp A/S transaction', 'Analytics segment', 'offer price', 'long-term potential', 'BPaaS provider', 'SimCorp A/S.', 'binding agreement', 'regulatory approvals', 'customary conditions', 'comprehensive front', 'combined entity', 'previous collaboration', 'independent front', 'open platform', 'brand name', 'registered office', 'unanimous recommendation', 'same time', 'General Atlantic', 'analytics provider', 'potential IPO', 'medium term', 'three years', 'one-off cost', 'existing partnership', 'competent team', 'skilled employees', 'Theodor Weimer', 'significant increase', 'recurring revenues', 'many years', 'exciting journey', 'attractive value', 'full-scale SaaS', 'clear testament', 'strong position', 'fundamental changes', 'rising demand', 'bridge facility', 'Morgan Stanley', 'cost synergies', 'revenue synergies', 'tangible synergies', 'analytics businesses', 'strategic transformation', 'existing data', 'Qontigo entity', 'cash', 'shares', 'Denmark', 'firm', 'premium', '26 April', 'Q3', 'acquisition', 'way', 'expertise', 'index', 'Directors', 'shareholders', 'Members', 'development', 'ESG', 'cooperation', 'partnerships', 'CEO', 'addition', 'transactions', 'sizeable', 'company', 'sustained', 'Chair', 'realisation', 'prospects', 'debt', '45.']",2023-05-03,2023-05-03,fintechnews.ch
24124,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/abivax-publication-expert-article-jcc-162500859.html,Abivax: Publication of an Expert Article in JCC on Obefazimod as Promising Therapeutic Management Option for UC Patients,Abivax SA (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 - ABVX)  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune...,"The authors of the expert article published in the Journal of Crohn's and Colitis include major European and North American Key Opinion Leaders in the field of Inflammatory Bowel DiseasesThe KOLs state that obefazimod is a first-in-class drug with a unique mechanism of action and with great promise in the therapeutic management of ulcerative colitis patientsThe experts expect that the results from the ongoing Phase 3 program with obefazimod in UC will confirm its potential to rapidly and durably relieve patients from their symptomsPARIS  FRANCE / ACCESSWIRE / May 2  2023 / Abivax SA (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 - ABVX)  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  today announces the Journal of Crohn's and Colitis (JCC) publication of a piece titled "" Obefazimod: a first-in-class drug for the treatment of ulcerative colitis "" [1]   written by global Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD) experts.The authors of the publication include major European and North American Key Opinion Leaders (KOLs) in the field of IBD  e.g. Séverine Vermeire (Belgium)  Virginia Solitano (Italy and Canada)  Laurent Peyrin-Biroulet (France)  Herbert Tilg (Austria)  Silvio Danese (Italy)  and Bruce Sands (United States).The KOLs conclude  obefazimod is a first-in-class drug with a unique mechanism of action that holds great promise in the therapeutic management of ulcerative colitis (UC) patients. The experts further expect the results from the ongoing Phase 3 program with obefazimod for the treatment of UC (ABTECT program) will confirm the previous outcomes and their conclusions issued in this publication.Prof. Hartmut J. Ehrlich  M.D.  CEO of Abivax  said. ""We are proud of the publication of this expert opinion written by internationally leading KOLs in the field of IBD. The conclusion that obefazimod holds great promise as a novel therapeutic management option for UC patients is very motivating for the Abivax team. We believe we are on the right track to confirm our lead drug candidate's ability to swiftly and durably relieve UC patients from their symptoms. We are encouraged by the leading KOLs  as well as our investors and partners shared view about the potential of obefazimod and also by the increased interest of the scientific  medical and investment community in our molecule. We are determined to conclude our ongoing Phase 3 program as quickly as possible and make obefazimod available to all UC patients  especially to those who urgently need alternative treatment options.""Story continuesProf. Séverine Vermeire  M.D.  Ph.D.  Head of the IBD Center at the University Hospitals Leuven  Belgium  and principal investigator of the ABTECT program in Europe  adds: ""Our expert analysis took into account all the different aspects of the preclinical and clinical development of obefazimod  including the most recent insights on its unique mechanism of action. We came to the conclusion that obefazimod might change the treatment paradigm of ulcerative colitis and inflammatory bowel diseases in the future. We continue to be impressed by its clinical efficacy  especially in the course of the maintenance treatment as well as by its safety profile. Therefore  we are very interested in completing the Phase 3 program of obefazimod in UC which we believe can confirm the outcomes of the Phase 2a and Phase 2b trials. We urgently need potent and long-term efficient treatments that are well tolerated by the patients and  with obefazimod  we might have such a candidate in our hands.""The article analyses the results generated in preclinical studies as well as clinical trials conducted with obefazimod in ulcerative colitis  rheumatoid arthritis  Covid-19 and HIV patients. The KOL's analysis is summarized in the following main conclusions:Obefazimod enhances the selective splicing of a single long non-coding RNA to generate an anti-inflammatory microRNA called miR-124. miR-124 is responsible for downregulation of key pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines thus exerting its inflammation dampening effects. The sustained overexpression of miR-124 might explain why obefazimod provides a high remission rate in UC patients after one and two years of continued daily dosing. In parallel  miR-124 does not only decrease mucosal inflammation  but it also promotes tissue repair.Evidence from Phase 2 clinical trials supports the anti-inflammatory effect of obefazimod. Findings from the maintenance phases of the trials showed that the long-term treatment with the molecule provides continued improvement in clinical symptoms of the disease  with a substantial proportion of patients in clinical remission.All clinical studies of obefazimod have shown a consistent and good safety profile  during the induction as well as in the subsequent maintenance trials. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were headache and nausea. Headaches occurred early during the first 10 days of treatment  were generally mild to moderate and lasted only a few days. There was no signal of serious infection or malignancies.Obefazimod exerted no effect on the immune system in the absence of inflammation  therefore supporting a mechanism of action as modulator of immune cell activation during inflammation but not in its absence. These findings provide evidence that upregulating miR-124 by obefazimod reverses the expression of several pro-inflammatory cytokines triggered during inflammation but does not blunt the immune response altogether.In order to confirm the fast onset of action  the long-term efficacy results as well as the safety profile that obefazimod generated notably in its Phase 2a and Phase 2b clinical trials for the treatment of UC patients  Abivax is currently conducting an international Phase 3 clinical program (ABTECT).1 200 patients suffering from moderate to severe UC at 600 investigator sites covering North America  Europe  Latin America and Asia Pacific will be included in the two induction trials (ABTECT-1 and ABTECT-2) followed by a single maintenance trial to confirm obefazimod's fast onset of action and its long-term efficacy.Top-line results of the two induction trials are expected to become available by the end of 2024. The results of the single maintenance trial are expected by the end of 2025.*****About Abivax (www.abivax.com)Abivax is a Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company  focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Abivax  founded by Truffle Capital  is listed on Euronext compartment B (ISIN: FR0012333284 - Mnémo: ABVX). Based in Paris and Montpellier  Abivax's lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. More information on the company is available at www.abivax.com. Follow us on Twitter @ABIVAX_.ContactsAbivaxCommunicationsRegina Jehleregina.jehle@abivax.com+33 6 24 50 69 63InvestorsLifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reidlvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com+44 7413 825310Press Relations & Investors EuropeMC Services AGAnne Henneckeanne.hennecke@mc-services.eu+49 211 529 252 22Public Relations FranceActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 6 21 10 49 24 Public Relations FrancePrimaticeThomas Roborel de Climensthomasdeclimens@primatice.com+33 6 78 12 97 95 Public Relations USARooney Partners LLCJeanene Timberlakejtimberlake@rooneypartners.com+1 646 770 8858DISCLAIMERThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates (including patient recruitment) with respect to certain of the Company's programs. Although Abivax' management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks  contingencies and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Abivax  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. A description of these risks  contingencies and uncertainties can be found in the documents filed by the Company with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers pursuant to its legal obligations including its registration document (Document d'Enregistrement Universel). These risks  contingencies and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. Special consideration should be given to the potential hurdles of clinical and pharmaceutical development including further assessment by the company and regulatory agencies and IRBs/ethics committees following the assessment of preclinical  pharmacokinetic  carcinogenicity  toxicity  CMC and clinical data. Furthermore  these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates are only as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Abivax disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements  forecasts or estimates to reflect any subsequent changes that the Company becomes aware of  except as required by law. Information about pharmaceutical products (including products currently in development) which is included in this press release is not intended to constitute an advertisement. This press release is for information purposes only  and the information contained herein does not constitute either an offer to sell  or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe securities of the Company in any jurisdiction  in particular in France. Similarly  it does not give and should not be treated as giving investment advice. It has no connection with the investment objectives  financial situation or specific needs of any recipient. It should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for exercise of their own judgement. All opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.1Vermeire et al.: Obefazimod: a first-in-class drug for the treatment of ulcerative colitis   JCC  published online in May 2023 (DOI: 10.1093/ecco-jcc/jjad067).SOURCE: ABIVAXView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/752496/Abivax-Publication-of-an-Expert-Article-in-JCC-on-Obefazimod-as-Promising-Therapeutic-Management-Option-for-UC-Patients",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.69,0.08,0.23,True,English,"['Promising Therapeutic Management Option', 'Expert Article', 'UC Patients', 'Abivax', 'Publication', 'JCC', 'Obefazimod', 'North American Key Opinion Leaders', 'Prof. Hartmut J. Ehrlich', 'single long non-coding RNA', 'common treatment-emergent adverse events', 'Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Prof. Séverine Vermeire', 'novel therapeutic management option', 'global Inflammatory Bowel Disease', 'key pro-inflammatory cytokines', 'Inflammatory Bowel Diseases', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'University Hospitals Leuven', 'long-term efficient treatments', 'inflammation dampening effects', 'high remission rate', 'ongoing Phase 3 program', 'Phase 2b trials', 'following main conclusions', 'good safety profile', 'subsequent maintenance trials', 'alternative treatment options', 'Phase 2 clinical trials', 'lead drug candidate', 'expert opinion', 'ulcerative colitis patients', 'Phase 2a', 'clinical remission', 'ABTECT program', 'mucosal inflammation', 'maintenance phases', 'long-term treatment', 'clinical development', 'clinical efficacy', 'clinical studies', 'maintenance treatment', 'major European', 'unique mechanism', 'great promise', 'immune system', 'Virginia Solitano', 'Laurent Peyrin-Biroulet', 'Herbert Tilg', 'Silvio Danese', 'Bruce Sands', 'United States', 'M.D.', 'right track', 'scientific, medical', 'investment community', 'Ph.D.', 'principal investigator', 'different aspects', 'recent insights', 'rheumatoid arthritis', 'The KOL', 'selective splicing', 'anti-inflammatory microRNA', 'sustained overexpression', 'two years', 'daily dosing', 'tissue repair', 'anti-inflammatory effect', 'substantial proportion', 'first 10 days', 'leading KOLs', 'HIV patients', 'treatment paradigm', 'class drug', 'Abivax SA', 'Abivax team', 'expert article', 'Euronext Paris', 'previous outcomes', 'IBD Center', 'expert analysis', 'continued improvement', 'clinical symptoms', 'UC) patients', 'UC patients', 'IBD) experts', 'preclinical', 'authors', 'Journal', 'Crohn', 'field', 'obefazimod', 'action', 'results', 'potential', 'FRANCE', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'May', 'ABVX', 'therapeutics', 'JCC', 'publication', 'piece', 'Belgium', 'Italy', 'Canada', 'Austria', 'CEO', 'ability', 'investors', 'partners', 'view', 'interest', 'molecule', 'Story', 'Head', 'account', 'future', 'course', 'hands', 'Covid-19', 'miR-124', 'downregulation', 'chemokines', 'parallel', 'Evidence', 'Findings', 'consistent', 'induction', 'TEAEs', 'nausea']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,finance.yahoo.com
24125,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cellectis-announces-oral-presentation-ameli-203500579.html,Cellectis Announces Oral Presentation on AMELI-01 and Poster Presentation on Multiplex Engineering for Superior Generation of CAR T-cells at the American Society of Gene and Cell Therapy (ASGCT) Annual Meeting,NEW YORK  May 02  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using...,Cellectis Inc.NEW YORK  May 02  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today announced that it will present clinical data on its Phase 1 AMELI-01 clinical trial (evaluating UCART123) that were presented in an oral presentation at the 64th American Society of Hematology (ASH) annual meeting  as well as preclinical data on multiplex engineering for superior generation of CAR T-cells  at the American Society of Gene and Cell Therapy (ASGCT) Annual Meeting taking place May 16-20  2023 in Los Angeles  CA.Oral presentation:AMELI-01  a study evaluating UCART123  an allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidate  in relapsed/refractory acute myeloid leukemia (r/r AML)The presentation includes preliminary clinical data from the Phase 1  open-label  dose-escalation trial  AMELI-01  in patients with r/r AML administered UCART123 following lymphodepletion (LD) with either fludarabine and cyclophosphamide (FC) or FC with alemtuzumab (FCA).The data show that adding alemtuzumab to the FC regimen was associated with improved LD and significantly higher UCART123 cell expansion  which correlated with improved activity.UCART123 is a novel and genetically modified allogeneic T-cell product manufactured from healthy donor cells. Donor-derived T-cells are transduced using a lentiviral vector to express the anti-CD123 chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) and are further modified using Cellectis’ TALEN® technology to disrupt the T-cell receptor alpha constant (TRAC) and CD52 genes to minimize risk of graft-vs-host disease (GvHD) and allow use of anti-CD52–directed therapy as a component of the LD regimen  respectively.Title: AMELI-01: A Phase I Trial of UCART123v1.2  an Anti-CD123 Allogeneic CAR-T Cell Product  in Adult Patients with Relapsed or Refractory (R/R) CD123+ Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML)Session Date/Time: 5/17/2023 - 3:45 PM – 5:30PM PDTSession Title: CAR Engineering and Production Advances for Targeting Hematologic and Solid Tumor MalignanciesSession Room: 502 ABFinal Abstract Number: 94Story continuesPoster presentation: Expanding the scope of multiplex engineering for superior generation of efficient CAR T-cellsCAR T-cell therapies have revolutionized the way we can treat hematological malignancies. However  additional physiological and biological barriers imposed by the hostile tumor microenvironment has limited the ability to target solid tumors. In recent years  advances in genomic-based cellular engineering are bringing us a step closer to conquer solid tumors. This glimpse of success also demonstrated that we need to be able to creatively customize and equip CAR T-cells to target these tumors.In this presentation  Cellectis shows how we can use its state-of-the-art TALEN® technology to precisely edit up to four loci simultaneously while delivering several additional payloads to increase the efficacy and persistence of CAR T-cells.Cellectis takes it a step further and uses a curated combination of genome engineering technologies including TALE base editors to leverage the efficiency of multiplexed gene editing while safeguarding genomic integrity. By carefully choosing a range of gene and cell engineering approaches  Cellectis can develop CAR T-cells focused on unmet medical needs with a high level of efficiency for gene editing and targeted-integration.Title: Expanding the Scope of Multiplex Engineering for Superior Generation of Efficient CAR T-cellsSession Date/Time: 5/17/2023 12:00 PM PDTSession Title: Wednesday Poster SessionPoster Board Number: 604Final Abstract Number: 604Details from the presentations will be available following the event on the Cellectis website at: https://www.cellectis.com/en/investors/scientific-presentations/About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “intend”  “expect ” “plan ” “scheduled ” “could” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include statements about advancements  timing and progress of clinical trials  the adequacy and continuity of supply of clinical supply and alemtuzumab  the ability of an anti-CD52 as alemtuzumab to improve any efficacy and the potential benefit of UCART product candidates. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. With respect to our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2022 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.18,0.37,True,English,"['ASGCT) Annual Meeting', 'Oral Presentation', 'Poster Presentation', 'Multiplex Engineering', 'Superior Generation', 'CAR T-cells', 'American Society', 'Cell Therapy', 'Cellectis', 'AMELI-01', 'allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidate', 'Anti-CD123 Allogeneic CAR-T Cell Product', 'Efficient CAR T-cells Session Date', 'anti-CD123 chimeric antigen receptor', 'T-cell receptor alpha constant', 'Phase 1, open-label, dose-escalation trial', 'relapsed/refractory acute myeloid leukemia', 'Phase 1 AMELI-01 clinical trial', 'Tumor Malignancies Session Room', 'higher UCART123 cell expansion', 'allogeneic T-cell product', 'Phase I Trial', 'life-changing product candidates', 'hostile tumor microenvironment', 'ASGCT) Annual Meeting', 'healthy donor cells', 'Final Abstract Number', 'TALE base editors', 'unmet medical needs', 'hemopoietic stem cells', 'applicable securities laws', 'Private Securities Litigation', 'CAR T-cell therapies', 'Wednesday Poster Session', 'Poster Board Number', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'anti-CD52–directed therapy', 'several additional payloads', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'pioneering electroporation system', 'genomic-based cellular engineering', 'genome engineering technologies', 'cell engineering approaches', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', '64th American Society', 'preliminary clinical data', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'multiplexed gene editing', 'gene editing technology', 'Cellectis’ TALEN® technology', 'allogeneic approach', 'Cell Therapy', 'CAR-T immunotherapies', 'CAR Engineering', 'life-saving cell', 'Session Date/Time', 'hematological malignancies', 'Donor-derived T-cells', 'Session Title', 'additional physiological', 'immune system', 'multiplex engineering', 'gene therapies', 'Poster presentation', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'preclinical data', 'superior generation', 'Los Angeles', 'lentiviral vector', 'CD52 genes', 'graft-vs-host disease', 'R/R) CD123+', 'biological barriers', 'four loci', 'curated combination', 'genomic integrity', 'high level', 'therapeutic gene', 'North Carolina', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'press release', 'forward-looking” statements', 'Adult Patients', 'cancer patients', 'oral presentation', 'Production Advances', 'recent years', 'various diseases', 'Cellectis Inc.', 'Cellectis website', 'Cellectis’ headquarters', 'solid tumors', 'r/r AML', 'FC regimen', 'LD regimen', '23 years', 'May', 'ALCLS', 'CLLS', 'Hematology', 'place', 'study', 'lymphodepletion', 'fludarabine', 'cyclophosphamide', 'alemtuzumab', 'FCA', 'activity', 'risk', 'GvHD', 'use', 'component', 'UCART123v', '3:45 PM', '5:30PM', '502 AB', 'Story', 'scope', 'way', 'ability', 'glimpse', 'success', 'efficacy', 'persistence', 'efficiency', 'range', 'targeted-integration', 'Details', 'presentations', 'event', 'oncology', 'concept', 'shelf', 'experience', 'expertise', 'PulseAgile', 'power', 'order', 'Paris', 'France', 'locations', 'Raleigh', 'meaning']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,finance.yahoo.com
24126,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ontex-completes-divestment-mexican-business-173000653.html,Ontex completes the divestment of its Mexican business for a total net amount of €265 million,Proceeds to be used to reimburse €220 million term loan Aalst  Belgium  May 2  2023 – Ontex Group NV (Euronext: Ontex)  a leading international supplier of...,OntexProceeds to be used to reimburse €220 million term loanAalst  Belgium  May 2  2023 – Ontex Group NV (Euronext: Ontex)  a leading international supplier of personal care products  announces that it has completed the divestment of its Mexican business activities to Softys S.A. a personal hygiene company with operations across Latin America and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Empresas CMPC S.A.  headquartered in Chile.The transaction includes Ontex’s manufacturing facility in Puebla  Mexico  its branded business in Mexico as well as related exports to certain regional markets. The business employs around 1 000 blue-collar employees and 350 white-collar employees. Ontex’s manufacturing facility in Tijuana  Mexico  will remain with Ontex and will form an integral part of Ontex’s North American operations and supply chain footprint.Gustavo Calvo Paz  CEO of Ontex  said: “With this transaction  we make a significant step in the implementation of our strategy and in strengthening our balance sheet. While there is more to accomplish  reaching this milestone allows us to focus further on our partner brands and healthcare business in the Core Markets of Europe and North America  where we have significant growth drivers for the future.“Aggregate net cash proceeds received at closing  after the impact of taxes  transaction expenses and balance sheet adjustments are approximately €225 million. This amount is subject to customary post-closing adjustments. The proceeds will be used to repay Ontex’s €220 million term loan. In addition  the parties have agreed to a deferred payment with a value of approximately €40 million  payable to Ontex over a maximum of five years.***Contact informationInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comMedia Maarten Verbanck +32 492 72 42 67 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comStory continuesAbout OntexOntex is a leading international provider of personal hygiene solutions  with expertise in baby care  feminine care and adult care. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries through leading retailer brands  lifestyle brands and Ontex brands. Employing some 7 500 people all over the world  Ontex has a presence in 21 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussels and is part of the Bel Mid®. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['total net amount', 'Mexican business', 'Ontex', 'divestment', 'Empresas CMPC S.A.', 'Softys S.A.', '€220 million term loan', 'leading international supplier', 'personal hygiene company', 'supply chain footprint', 'Gustavo Calvo Paz', 'customary post-closing adjustments', 'leading international provider', 'personal hygiene solutions', 'significant growth drivers', 'leading retailer brands', 'Mexican business activities', 'balance sheet adjustments', 'personal care products', 'net cash proceeds', 'North American operations', 'Ontex Group NV', 'significant step', 'innovative products', 'partner brands', 'baby care', 'feminine care', 'adult care', 'lifestyle brands', 'Latin America', 'owned subsidiary', 'manufacturing facility', 'branded business', 'related exports', 'regional markets', '1,000 blue-collar employees', '350 white-collar employees', 'healthcare business', 'Core Markets', 'deferred payment', 'five years', 'Contact information', 'Geoffroy Raskin', 'Maarten Verbanck', 'Bel Mid®', 'latest news', 'integral part', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Ontex brands', 'transaction expenses', 'ontex.com', 'Aalst', 'Belgium', 'divestment', 'Chile', 'Puebla', 'Mexico', 'Tijuana', 'CEO', 'implementation', 'strategy', 'milestone', 'Europe', 'future', 'impact', 'taxes', 'amount', 'addition', 'parties', 'value', 'maximum', 'Investors', 'relations', 'Media', 'Story', 'expertise', '100 countries', '7,500 people', 'world', 'presence', '21 countries', 'headquarters', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'Attachment']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,finance.yahoo.com
24127,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECHNOPROBE-S-P-A-133432182/news/Technoprobe-moves-from-Euronext-Growth-Milan-to-Euronext-Milan-43714318/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Technoprobe moves from Euronext Growth Milan to Euronext Milan,(marketscreener.com) Technoprobe Spa  a leading semiconductor and microelectronics company  debuted Tuesday on Euronext Milan after leaving Euronext Growth. At the head of a group devoted to innovation and the constant growth of its technological expertise  t…,"(Alliance News) - Technoprobe Spa  a leading semiconductor and microelectronics company  debuted Tuesday on Euronext Milan after leaving Euronext Growth.At the head of a group devoted to innovation and the constant growth of its technological expertise  the company specializes in the design  development and production of chip test solutions - Probe Cards - for the world's leading technology players.Technoprobe's is the second admission since the beginning of the year on Euronext Milan and brings to 220 the number of companies currently listed on this segment. In addition  Technoprobe represents the 24th company to make a market move from the current Euronext Growth Milan to Euronext Milan.Stefano Felici  chief executive officer of Technoprobe  said  ""The listing on the Euronext Growth Milan market on February 15  2022 represented a great opportunity for growth for Technoprobe  which sees the move to the Euronext Milan market as the finalization of a collective effort in governance and communication transparency. This move provides additional visibility in the financial markets  ensuring the necessary support for the group's expansion.""Technoprobe is part of the Euronext Tech Leaders segment  which groups high-growth tech companies listed on Euronext. The Euronext Tech Leaders initiative includes a range of services  provided by Euronext in collaboration with a strong network of partners  including a segment that brings together more than one hundred European companies listed on Euronext's markets  an index composed of the stocks in this segment  and a range of services for the visibility and promotion of Euronext Tech Leaders companies to international investors.By Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo  Alliance News senior reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Milan', 'Euronext Milan', 'Technoprobe', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'The Euronext Tech Leaders initiative', 'Alliance News senior reporter', 'one hundred European companies', 'Euronext Tech Leaders companies', 'Euronext Tech Leaders segment', 'current Euronext Growth Milan', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'high-growth tech companies', 'chip test solutions', 'chief executive officer', 'Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo', 'Euronext Milan market', 'leading technology players', 'constant growth', 'leading semiconductor', 'market move', 'technological expertise', 'Probe Cards', 'second admission', 'Stefano Felici', 'great opportunity', 'collective effort', 'communication transparency', 'necessary support', 'strong network', 'international investors', 'microelectronics company', '24th company', 'additional visibility', 'financial markets', 'Technoprobe Spa', 'head', 'group', 'innovation', 'design', 'development', 'production', 'world', 'beginning', 'year', 'number', 'listing', 'February', 'finalization', 'governance', 'expansion', 'part', 'range', 'services', 'collaboration', 'index', 'stocks', 'promotion', 'Comments', 'questions', 'redazione', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24128,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/technicolor-creative-studios-availability-prospectus-185100122.html,Technicolor Creative Studios: availability of a prospectus approved by the French Autorité des marchés financiers under number 23-139,May 2  2023 Technicolor Creative Studios: availability of a prospectus approved by the French Autorité des marchés financiers under number 23-139 Technicolor...,Technicolor Creative StudiosMay 2  2023Technicolor Creative Studios: availability of a prospectus approved by the French Autorité des marchés financiers under number 23-139Technicolor Creative Studios (the “Company”)  announces that the AMF gave on May 2  2023 approval number 23-139 to its prospectus (the “Prospectus”) made available to the public in connection with the admission to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris of :a maximum number of 2 004 500 355 new ordinary shares to be issued in the context of a share capital increase by waiver of the shareholders’ preferential subscription right and exclusively reserved for the holders of receivables against the Company under the reinstated term facilities  for a gross minimum amount  including issuance premium  of €29 999 999.77  with a minimum unit issuance price of €0.014966323 per new ordinary share  to be liberated entirely by set-off of receivables (the “ Share Capital Increase ”);a maximum number of 501 125 088 new ordinary shares which may be issued upon exercise of a maximum number of 501 125 088 warrants of the Company  to be granted  free of charge  by the Company for the exclusive benefit of the lenders committed to providing the new money term facilities  to be exercised at an exercise price of €0.01 per new ordinary share  to be liberated by set-off of receivables  (the “ New Money Warrants ”);a maximum number of 1 503 375 266 new ordinary shares which may be issued upon conversion of the 300 675 053 convertible notes which may be converted into new shares  to be subscribed by the beneficiaries of the convertible notes  by cash contribution and set-off of receivables (the “Convertible Notes”).The Share Capital Increase  the issuance and grant of the New Money Warrants and the issuance of the Convertible Notes remain subject to the approval by the Company’s shareholders of resolutions n°13 to 25 of the Company’s extraordinary general meeting which will be held on May 15  2023 (the “General Meeting”).Story continuesThe completion of each of these issuances forms an indivisible whole  such that if any could not be completed  none of the others could then be completed.The completion of the Share Capital Increase  the issuance and grant of the New Money Warrants and the issuance of the Convertible Notes is due to take place before the end of Q2 2023 and by July 31  2023 at the latest  concurrently with all the transactions planned at this date.It is specified that under the terms of the conciliation protocol signed on March 27  2023  between the Company  its lenders and its shareholders  approved by a judgment of the Commercial Court of Paris dated March 29  2023 (the “Protocol”)  the main shareholders1 of the Company (holding together  at the date of approval of the Prospectus  64.6% of the share capital and exercisable voting rights of the Company)  have each committed to vote in favor of the Share Capital Increase.In addition  these main shareholders1 (holding together  as of the date of approval of the Prospectus  64.6% of the share capital and exercisable voting rights of the Company) and the shareholder-lenders2 (other than these main shareholders  holding together  as of the date of approval of the Prospectus  22.0% of the Company's share capital and exercisable voting rights)  have each committed to vote :in favor of the prior share capital reduction that would be carried out by way of a reduction of the par value of the Company's shares from 0.50 euro (its current amount) to 0.01 euro;in favor of the resolutions relating to the issuance of the Convertible Notes (subject to the application of the obligations not to take part in the vote on the resolutions relating to the issuance of Convertible Notes concerning them (each for the two resolutions that concern them) and which will therefore apply to Vantiva  Angelo Gordon &Co. L.P.’s affiliates  Bpifrance Participations S.A.  Briarwood Chase Management LLC’s affiliates and Barclays Bank Ireland); andin favor of the issuance of the New Money Warrants.The Prospectus consists of the universal registration document (document d’enregistrement universel) of the Company  approved by the AMF on April 21  2023 under number R. 23-013  the securities note (note d’opération) (the “Securities Note”)  and the summary of the prospectus (included in the Securities Note).The Prospectus is available on the Company’s website www.technicolorcreative.com (under the heading “Investors” - “Financial information” - “Regulated Information”) and at its corporate head office: 8-10  rue du Renard  75004 Paris  France. It is also available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org).***ABOUT TECHNICOLOR CREATIVE STUDIOSTechnicolor Creativse Studios shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCHCS)Technicolor Creative Studios is a creative technology company providing world-class production expertise driven by one purpose: The realization of ambitious and extraordinary ideas. Home to a network of award-winning studios  MPC  The Mill  Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games  we inspire creative companies across the world to produce their most iconic work.Our global teams of artists and technologists partner with the creative community across film  television  animation  gaming  brand experience and advertising to bring the universal art of storytelling to audiences everywhere.www.technicolorcreative.com1 These main shareholders are Vantiva S.A.  Angelo  Gordon & Co.  L.P.  AG International Investment Opportunities Platform Fund I DAC  Bpifrance Participations S.A.  Briarwood Chase Management LLC  and Barclays Bank Ireland.2 These shareholder-lenders are the other current lenders who are shareholders of the Company on the signature date of the Procotol or on the date of the General Meeting.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.24,0.3,True,English,"['French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Technicolor Creative Studios', 'availability', 'prospectus', 'number', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Bpifrance Participations S.A.', 'Briarwood Chase Management LLC', 'shareholders’ preferential subscription right', 'Technicolor Creativse Studios shares', 'prior share capital reduction', 'new money term facilities', 'minimum unit issuance price', 'The Share Capital Increase', 'Technicolor Creative Studios', 'gross minimum amount', 'exercisable voting rights', 'Co. L.P.', 'Barclays Bank Ireland', 'corporate head office', 'rue du Renard', 'world-class production expertise', 'new ordinary share', 'New Money Warrants', 'universal registration document', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'creative technology company', 'new shares', 'award-winning studios', 'exercise price', 'current amount', 'extraordinary ideas', 'The Mill', 'regulated market', 'exclusive benefit', '300,675,053 convertible notes', 'cash contribution', 'indivisible whole', 'Commercial Court', 'main shareholders1', 'par value', 'Angelo Gordon', 'enregistrement universel', 'opération', 'Financial information', 'Regulated Information', 'one purpose', 'maximum number', 'number R.', 'securities note', 'The Prospectus', 'conciliation protocol', 'issuance premium', 'two resolutions', 'Euronext Paris', '501,125,088 warrants', '75004 Paris', 'availability', 'AMF', 'May', 'approval', 'public', 'connection', 'context', 'waiver', 'receivables', 'set-off', 'charge', 'lenders', 'conversion', 'beneficiaries', 'grant', 'Story', 'completion', 'issuances', 'none', 'others', 'place', 'Q2', 'July', 'transactions', 'date', 'terms', 'judgment', 'favor', 'addition', 'way', '0.50 euro', '0.01 euro', 'application', 'obligations', 'vote', 'Vantiva', 'affiliates', 'April', 'summary', 'website', 'heading', 'Investors', 'org', 'realization', 'ambitious', 'network', 'MPC', 'Mikros']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,finance.yahoo.com
24129,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/biophytis-strengthens-management-team-062000946.html,Biophytis Strengthens its Management Team,Appointment of Chiara Baccelli as Director of Pharmaceutical Operations and Quality AssuranceAppointment of Nicolas Fellmann as Chief Financial OfficerPARIS ...,"Appointment of Chiara Baccelli as Director of Pharmaceutical Operations and Quality AssuranceAppointment of Nicolas Fellmann as Chief Financial OfficerPARIS  FRANCE and CAMBRIDGE  MA / ACCESSWORE / May 2  2023 / Biophytis SA (NasdaqCM: BPTS  Euronext Growth Paris: ALBPS) (the ""Company"" or ""Biophytis"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company specialized in the development of therapeutics that slow the degenerative processes associated with aging  including severe respiratory failure in patients suffering from COVID-19  announces today the strengthening of its management team with the appointment of Chiara Baccelli to the newly created position of Director of Pharmaceutical Operations and Quality Assurance and the upcoming arrival of Nicolas Fellmann as Chief Financial Officer as of 22 May 2022. He will replace Philippe Rousseau who is leaving the company to pursue other projects.Stanislas Veillet  CEO of Biophytis  said: ""As we move forward to placing Sarconeos (BIO101) on market  we are pleased to strengthen our Management Committee by welcoming Chiara as Director of Pharmaceutical Operations and Quality Assurance. She brings over 20 years of diverse experience in the production of pharmaceutical products in both the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. Nicolas  on his side  brings a strong knowledge of the pharma and biotech sectors and key skills in financing  M&A  commercial transactions and partnerships  as well as management of listed companies  we are thrilled to welcome him.""Chiara Baccelli  PharmD  PhD  MBA  holds more than 20 years of experience in the development and production of pharmaceutical products  especially from natural origins. After a first experience in academic research  Chiara has worked during her career for UCB in Belgium  for the French group Delpharm  the company Bioprojet and also for the consulting firm IDD in France in collaboration with large pharmaceutical groups such as Boehringer Ingelheim  Ipsen  Sanofi  Nemera  Harmony Bioscience. She has covered different roles around the development of innovative products  from CMC to Quality Assurance and Control  Industrialization and Regulatory Affairs. She holds a PharmD from the University of Pisa in Italy  a PhD in Pharmaceutical and Biomedical Sciences from the Catholic University of Leuven in Belgium and a MBA in Innovation and Strategy from IRIIG in Lyon.Story continuesNicolas Fellmann holds more than 30 years of experience in finance and healthcare. Before joining Biophytis in the coming weeks  Nicolas was Chief Financial Officer of BioAlliance Pharma and then of Onxéo  a company listed on the Paris Stock Exchange and Nasdaq Copenhagen. He worked for more than 10 years in financial functions at Pfizer in France after starting his career as an auditor at Ernst&Young. Nicolas Fellmann is a graduate of EM Lyon Business School.Besides  for personal reasons  Mr. Dimitri Bastis has decided to resign as member of the Company's Board of Directors.About BIOPHYTISBiophytis SA is a clinical-stage biotechnology company specialized in the development of therapeutics that are aimed at slowing the degenerative processes associated with aging and improving functional outcomes for patients suffering from age-related diseases  including severe respiratory failure in patients suffering from COVID-19. Sarconeos (BIO101)  our lead molecule drug candidate  administered orally  has completed a Phase 2 clinical trial as a treatment for sarcopenia in the United States and Europe (SARA-INT) with positive results. Biophytis is currently in discussions with regulatory authorities to initiate a Phase 3 study. Sarconeos has also obtained positive results from a Phase 2-3 clinical trial (COVA) for the treatment of severe respiratory manifestations of COVID-19 in Europe  Latin America and the United States  and has initiated the regulatory process to obtain early access in France and conditional marketing authorization in Europe and the US. A pediatric formulation of Sarconeos (BIO101) is being developed for thetreatment of Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD). The Company is based in Paris  France  and Cambridge  Massachusetts. The Company's ordinary shares are listed on Euronext Growth (Ticker: ALBPS -ISIN: FR0012816825) and ADSs (American Depositary Shares) are listed on Nasdaq Capital Market (Ticker BPTS - ISIN: US09076G1040). For more information visit www.biophytis.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts. In some cases  you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of words such as ""outlook "" ""believes "" ""expects "" ""potential "" ""continues "" ""may "" ""will "" ""should "" ""could "" ""seeks "" ""predicts "" ""intends "" ""trends "" ""plans "" ""estimates "" ""anticipates"" or the negative version of these words or other comparable words. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Biophytis considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that the statements contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Biophytis or not currently considered material by Biophytis. Accordingly  there are or will be important factors that could cause actual outcomes or results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. Please also refer to the ""Risk and uncertainties the Company is to face"" section from the Company's 2022 Annual Report on Form 20-F available on BIOPHYTIS website (www.biophytis.com) and as exposed in the ""Risk Factors"" section of form 20-F as well as other forms filed with the SEC (Securities and Exchange Commission  USA). We undertake no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  except as required by law.Biophytis Contact for Investor RelationsInvestors@biophytis.comMedia ContactsAntoine Denry: antoine.denry@taddeo.fr - +33 6 18 07 83 27Agathe Boggio: agathe.boggio@taddeo.fr -+33 7 62 77 69 42SOURCE: BiophytisView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/752395/Biophytis-Strengthens-its-Management-Team",neutral,0.05,0.94,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.17,0.25,True,English,"['Management Team', 'Biophytis', 'lead molecule drug candidate', 'EM Lyon Business School', 'Phase 2-3 clinical trial', 'Phase 2 clinical trial', 'severe respiratory failure', 'Mr. Dimitri Bastis', 'severe respiratory manifestations', 'conditional marketing authorization', 'Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'American Depositary Shares', 'Paris Stock Exchange', 'large pharmaceutical groups', 'Nasdaq Capital Market', 'other comparable words', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Phase 3 study', 'financial functions', 'biotechnology industries', 'other projects', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen', 'ordinary shares', 'degenerative processes', 'upcoming arrival', 'Philippe Rousseau', 'Stanislas Veillet', 'strong knowledge', 'biotech sectors', 'key skills', 'M&A', 'commercial transactions', 'natural origins', 'academic research', 'French group', 'consulting firm', 'Boehringer Ingelheim', 'Harmony Bioscience', 'different roles', 'innovative products', 'Regulatory Affairs', 'Biomedical Sciences', 'coming weeks', 'BioAlliance Pharma', 'Onxéo', 'Ernst&Young', 'personal reasons', 'functional outcomes', 'age-related diseases', 'United States', 'positive results', 'regulatory authorities', 'Latin America', 'regulatory process', 'early access', 'pediatric formulation', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'negative version', 'Pharmaceutical Operations', 'pharmaceutical products', 'Quality Assurance', 'Nicolas Fellmann', 'management team', 'Management Committee', 'Chiara Baccelli', 'diverse experience', 'first experience', 'Catholic University', 'Biophytis SA', 'Ticker BPTS', 'Appointment', 'Director', 'FRANCE', 'CAMBRIDGE', 'ACCESSWORE', 'May', 'NasdaqCM', 'ALBPS', 'development', 'therapeutics', 'aging', 'patients', 'COVID', 'strengthening', 'position', 'CEO', 'Sarconeos', 'BIO101', '20 years', 'production', 'side', 'financing', 'partnerships', 'companies', 'PharmD', 'PhD', 'MBA', 'career', 'UCB', 'Belgium', 'Delpharm', 'Bioprojet', 'IDD', 'collaboration', 'Ipsen', 'Sanofi', 'Nemera', 'CMC', 'Control', 'Industrialization', 'Pisa', 'Italy', 'Leuven', 'Innovation', 'Strategy', 'IRIIG', 'Story', '30 years', 'finance', 'healthcare', '10 years', 'Pfizer', 'auditor', 'graduate', 'member', 'Board', 'treatment', 'sarcopenia', 'Europe', 'discussions', 'COVA', 'DMD', 'Massachusetts', 'ISIN', 'ADSs', 'information', 'Disclaimer', 'cases', 'outlook', 'seeks', 'trends', 'plans', 'estimates', 'assumptions']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,finance.yahoo.com
24130,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-provides-q1-2023-trading-050000105.html,DSM provides Q1 2023 trading update,DSM provides Q1 2023 trading update,"As of 28 April 2023  DSM-Firmenich AG holds 96.1% of the ordinary shares in DSM N.V. On 8 May 2023  Firmenich International SA will become part of DSM-Firmenich AG through the Firmenich Contribution (as defined in the Offering Circular dated 22 November 2022). Until the delisting of the DSM ordinary shares from Euronext Amsterdam  DSM N.V. remains subject to the disclosure requirements under applicable law and reports today a Trading Update on the first quarter results of 2023.HEERLEN  Netherlands  May 2  2023 /PRNewswire/ --DSM Logo.Highlights1 2Continuing Operations:Health  Nutrition & Bioscience delivered sales of €1 875m  with organic sales down 7% and Adjusted EBITDA of €302m  down 23%Key figures - Continuing Operationsin € million Q1 2023 Q1 2022 % Change Volume Price/mix FX Other Sales 1 889 2 008 -6 % -8 % 1 % 1 % 0 % HNB 1 875 1 987 -6 % -8 % 1 % 1 % 0 % ANH 786 881 -11 % -8 % -4 % 1 % 0 % HNC 725 726 0 % -7 % 5 % 2 % 0 % F&B 356 362 -2 % -11 % 7 % 2 % 0 % Adjusted EBITDA 278 367 -24 %HNB 302 391 -23 %Corporate -24 -24Adjusted EBITDA margin 14.7 % 18.3 %HNB 16.1 % 19.7 %1 Continuing Operations reflects the results of DSM's Health  Nutrition & Bioscience and Corporate Activities as of 1 January 2022. DSM's Materials businesses have been reclassified to Discontinued Operations effective as of 1 January 2022 2 Adjusted EBITDA is an Alternative Performance Measure (APM) that reflects results from usual operations. Organic sales growth is the total impact of volume and price/mix.Co-CEOs statementGeraldine Matchett and Dimitri de Vreeze  Co-CEOs commented: ""Our first quarter results are reported against a comparable period that had not yet been impacted by the high rate of global inflation  the effects of which remained elevated into 2023. Low vitamin prices  especially vitamin A  have also remained  despite resilient end-user demand. In this environment our focus across businesses remains on pricing actions and prioritising profitability over sales volumes. This approach has supported our margins  which improved sequentially into the first quarter of this year.Story continuesWe do not foresee a significant improvement in these conditions in the second quarter. However  we anticipate a stronger second half of the year across all businesses as inflationary pressure eases  as volumes recover  especially in China  and vitamin prices start to normalize.Looking to the future  we are very pleased at the overwhelmingly positive response to the exchange of DSM shares for DSM-Firmenich shares. DSM-Firmenich stock has been trading on Euronext Amsterdam as of 18 April and with the contribution of Firmenich on 8 May  we will have completed our merger  creating the leading global creation and innovation partner in nutrition  health  and beauty.""Outlook 2023With the imminent completion of the merger  once DSM and Firmenich's activities have been consolidated and the combined business plan approved by the DSM-Firmenich Board  it is intended that DSM-Firmenich will provide an outlook for the remainder of 2023 at the publication of its Half Year results on 2 August 2023.Note to editors: The full press release is available on the company website here.Financial Calendar for DSM-Firmenich2 August 2023 – First half 2023 results of DSM-Firmenich31 October 2023 – Q3 trading update of DSM-FirmenichContact informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm-provides-q1-2023-trading-update-301812462.html",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.19,0.26,True,English,"['Q1 2023 trading update', 'DSM', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Change Volume Price/mix FX', 'Dimitri de Vreeze', 'resilient end-user demand', 'English language version', 'Alternative Performance Measure', 'stronger second half', 'leading global creation', 'DSM N.V.', 'First half 2023 results', 'Low vitamin prices', 'Firmenich International SA', 'first quarter results', 'Organic sales growth', 'full press release', 'future (financial) performance', 'Half Year results', 'Q3 trading update', 'DSM ordinary shares', 'second quarter', 'actual performance', 'global inflation', 'Financial Calendar', 'DSM shares', 'vitamin A', 'Offering Circular', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'disclosure requirements', 'Continuing Operations', 'Key figures', 'Other Sales', 'F&B', 'Discontinued Operations', 'usual operations', 'total impact', 'CEOs statement', 'Geraldine Matchett', 'comparable period', 'high rate', 'pricing actions', 'significant improvement', 'inflationary pressure', 'positive response', 'innovation partner', 'imminent completion', 'business plan', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'original content', 'DSM-Firmenich shares', 'DSM Logo', 'DSM-Firmenich AG', 'DSM-Firmenich stock', 'DSM-Firmenich Board', 'applicable law', 'EBITDA margin', '2 Adjusted EBITDA', 'sales volumes', 'company website', 'Contact information', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'Materials businesses', 'Firmenich Contribution', 'Corporate Activities', '28 April', '8 May', 'delisting', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', 'Highlights', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'HNB', 'ANH', 'HNC', '1 January', 'APM', 'Co-CEOs', 'effects', 'environment', 'focus', 'profitability', 'approach', 'margins', 'Story', 'conditions', 'China', 'exchange', '18 April', 'merger', 'beauty', 'Outlook', 'remainder', 'publication', '2 August', 'Note', 'editors', 'October', 'respect', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'obligation', 'Cision', 'news-releases', 'provides', '€']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,finance.yahoo.com
24131,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fl-entertainment-weekly-share-transactions-060900163.html,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions,Press Release Paris – 2 May 2023 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its...,FL EntertainmentPress ReleaseParis – 2 May 2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 24 April to 28 April 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 30 June 2022.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-04-24 BUY 100 10.000000 1 000.00 XAMS 2023-04-24 SELL 262 10.067176 2 637.60 XAMS 2023-04-25 SELL 300 10.100000 3 030.00 XAMS 2023-04-26 SELL 15 10.100000 151.50 XAMS 2023-04-27 BUY 262 9.743130 2 552.70 XAMS 2023-04-27 SELL 1285 10.103891 12 983.50 XAMS 2023-04-28 SELL 27 9.700000 261.90 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaQ1 2023 results: 30 May 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gaming  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2022  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and Adjusted EBITDA  of €4 047m and €670m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,positive,0.63,0.36,0.01,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'FL Entertainment Press Release', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'Press Relations', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'annual meeting', 'Q1 2023 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', '2 May', 'shares', '24 April', '28 April', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '30 June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'flentertainment', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '30 May', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'gaming', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'EBITDA', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,finance.yahoo.com
24132,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ferrari-n-v-periodic-report-165800077.html,Ferrari N.v.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,Maranello (Italy)  May 2  2023 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200...,Ferrari N.V.Maranello (Italy)  May 2  2023 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Second Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) as follows:TradingDate(dd/mm/yyyy)Stock ExchangeNumber of common shares purchasedAverage price per shareexcluding fees(€)Consideration excluding fees(€)21/04/2023 EXM 4 400 251.5283 1 106 724.52 24/04/2023 EXM 4 370 253.5342 1 107 944.45 25/04/2023 EXM 4 370 253.3200 1 107 008.40 26/04/2023 EXM 4 400 251.5032 1 106 614.08 27/04/2023 EXM 4 400 251.5726 1 106 919.44 28/04/2023 EXM 4 430 250.5205 1 109 805.82Total- 26 370 251.9915 6 645 016.71(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Second Tranche till April 28  2023  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 115 711 590.62 for No. 498 117 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 24 928 758.14 (Euro 23 410 335.25*) for No. 101 422 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of April 28  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 12 381 534 common shares equal to 4.82% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since July 1  2022 until April 28  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 1 407 947 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 298 295 915.89.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Story continuesFor further information:Media Relationstel.: +39 0536 949337Email: media@ferrari.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.57,0.14,0.29,True,English,"['Ferrari N.v.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', '200 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Ferrari N.V. Maranello', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'No. 498,117 common shares', 'No. 101,422 common shares', 'share capital', 'Stock Exchange', '12,381,534 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'second tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Media Relations', 'Trading Date', 'total consideration', 'Italy', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'December', 'line', 'disclosure', 'Number', 'fees', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'April', 'July', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Story', 'information', 'tel', 'Email', 'Attachment', '1,407,947']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,finance.yahoo.com
24133,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pcas-enters-exclusive-negotiations-dic-182500352.html,PCAS enters into exclusive negotiations with DIC Corporation following receipt of an offer for the acquisition of its Canadian subsidiary  PCAS Canada Inc.,Ecully  May 2nd  2023 PCAS enters into exclusive negotiations with DIC Corporation following receipt of an offer for the acquisition of its Canadian...,PCASEcully  May 2nd  2023PCAS enters into exclusive negotiations with DIC Corporation following receipt of an offer for the acquisition of its Canadian subsidiary  PCAS Canada Inc.PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  specialized in the development of processes and production of complex molecules for Life Sciences and Specialty Chemicals Markets  announces the receipt of an offer from DIC Corporation  a Japanese chemical corporate group with a presence in more than 60 countries  for the acquisition of PCAS Canada Inc.  the Canadian subsidiary of PCAS Group. In this context  PCAS and the potential purchaser have agreed to further entertain exclusive negotiations.The offer values PCAS Canada Inc. at an enterprise value of 88.2 million euros.PCAS’ potential decision to divest its Canadian subsidiary and the execution of the related agreements remain in any case subject to the full completion of the mandatory information-consultation process of the competent workers’ councils  after authorization of PCAS’ Supervisory Board and Seqens  its majority shareholder.Founded in 1989  PCAS Canada Inc. specializes in the synthesis  development and custom manufacturing of high-quality materials by managing tight control limits and levels of ppb scale impurities.PCAS will provide an update in due time with regard to any further developments  in accordance with applicable regulations.ABOUT PCASPCAS specializes in the development and production of complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies. With about 11% of its net sales earmarked for R&D and a large international footprint  PCAS is the preferred industrial partner for market-leading major global groups. Boasting especially high standards  the company offers a growing range of proprietary products and solutions in leading-edge segments. PCAS generated net sales of €226.4 million in 2022 and employs nearly 1200 people in six countries.To find out more about PCAS: www.pcas.comStory continuesPCAS NewCapJean-Louis Martin / Eric MoissenotEmmanuel Huynh / Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCapFinancial communication and investor relation Tel.: +33 1 69 79 60 00www.pcas.com Tel.: +33 1 44 71 98 53pcas@newcap.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['PCAS Canada Inc', 'exclusive negotiations', 'DIC Corporation', 'Canadian subsidiary', 'receipt', 'offer', 'acquisition', 'market-leading major global groups', 'Japanese chemical corporate group', 'Specialty Chemicals Markets', 'mandatory information-consultation process', 'competent workers’ councils', 'tight control limits', 'large international footprint', 'preferred industrial partner', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCap', 'PCAS Canada Inc', 'PCAS’ Supervisory Board', 'PCAS Group', 'PCAS NewCap', 'exclusive negotiations', 'DIC Corporation', 'Canadian subsidiary', 'Euronext Paris', 'complex molecules', 'Life Sciences', 'potential purchaser', 'enterprise value', '88.2 million euros', 'potential decision', 'related agreements', 'full completion', 'majority shareholder', 'custom manufacturing', 'high-quality materials', 'scale impurities', 'due time', 'applicable regulations', 'innovative technologies', 'net sales', 'R&D', 'high standards', 'growing range', 'proprietary products', 'leading-edge segments', 'Jean-Louis Martin', 'Eric Moissenot', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'Financial communication', 'investor relation', 'ABOUT PCAS', 'six countries', '60 countries', 'Ecully', 'May', 'receipt', 'offer', 'acquisition', 'development', 'processes', 'production', 'presence', 'context', 'execution', 'case', 'authorization', 'Seqens', 'synthesis', 'levels', 'update', 'regard', 'accordance', 'company', 'solutions', '1200 people', 'Story', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '33 1 69']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,finance.yahoo.com
24134,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sequana-medical-announces-fda-clearance-050000423.html,Sequana Medical announces FDA clearance of IND application for DSR® 2.0 for treatment of congestive heart failure,PRESS RELEASE MOJAVE study on track to start in Q2 2023 as planned  with initial data by year-end Randomized  controlled study in US seeking to confirm...,"Sequana Medical NVPRESS RELEASEMOJAVE study on track to start in Q2 2023 as planned  with initial data by year-end Randomiz ed  controlled study in US seeking to confirm strong efficacy data seen in RED DESERT and SAHARA studiesDSR well positioned as disease-modifying heart failure therapyGhent  Belgium – 02 May 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has cleared its Investigational New Drug (IND) application for its second-generation DSR product (DSR 2.0) for the treatment of congestive heart failure. This enables the Company to initiate its randomized controlled Phase 1/2a MOJAVE study in the US  in Q2 2023 as planned.Oliver Gödje  Chief Medical Officer of Sequana Medical  commented: “We are delighted to obtain clearance of the IND for our DSR 2.0 product and are ready to commence the MOJAVE study in US patients with congestive heart failure in a timely manner. We are now focused on enrolling our first patient  which we expect will occur in the second quarter of 2023  and look forward to reporting data from the three patients of the non-randomized cohort by year-end.”Ian Crosbie  Chief Executive Officer of Sequana Medical  added: “For the estimated 200 000 diuretic-resistant congestive heart failure patients in the US  there is an urgent need for new therapies that can safely and effectively eliminate congestion  reduce repeated hospitalization and improve clinical outcomes. Following the strong safety and efficacy data reported from our RED DESERT and SAHARA proof-of-concept studies  we believe that our DSR therapy has the potential to be a disease-modifying heart failure therapy.”On track to start MOJAVE in Q2 2023MOJAVE is a randomized controlled Phase 1/2a study in the US  designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of DSR 2.0 in diuretic-resistant chronic heart failure patients with persistent congestion.Story continuesFollowing Ethics Committee approval  the study will commence with a non-randomized cohort of three eligible patients treated with DSR 2.0  administered via a peritoneal dialysis (PD) catheter  on top of usual care for congestive heart failure for up to four weeks followed by a three-month safety follow-up period. Progress to the randomized cohort of up to 30 additional patients depends on approval from the Data and Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) following review of the non-randomized cohort data.The randomized cohort consists of up to 20 randomized patients treated with DSR 2.0  administered via a PD catheter  on top of usual care for congestive heart failure for up to four weeks and up to ten randomized patients treated with intravenous loop diuretics alone as part of maximized usual care for congestive heart failure. Following four weeks of treatment  there is a three-month safety follow-up period.Primary and secondary safety and efficacy endpoints include the rate of adverse and serious adverse events and the improvement in diuretic response (measured as a six-hour urine sodium output) from baseline through the end of the treatment period. Exploratory endpoints measured from baseline through the end of the treatment period include change in weight (volume status)  creatinine (a marker of renal function)  natriuretic peptides (a marker of heart failure) and New York Heart Association (NYHA) functional class; and the number of heart failure related rehospitalizations.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 053579Optimum Strategic CommunicationsNick Bastin  Jonathan Edwards  Vici RabbettsE: Sequana@optimumcomms.comT: +44 (0) 208 078 4357About DSR in congestive heart failureSequana Medical considers its proprietary DSR to be a disease modifying therapy for congestive heart failure. Fluid accumulation in heart failure patients is caused by the retention of too much sodium. The DSR drug-based approach directly tackles this key clinical problem of sodium overload  and works in partnership with the kidneys to safely and rapidly eliminate the excess fluid. Complementary to existing heart failure therapies  clinical proof-of-concept studies using the Company’s first-generation DSR product (DSR 1.0) have shown that DSR can i) safely  effectively and rapidly eliminate fluid overload in heart failure patients  ii) improve the health of the heart and preserve renal function  and iii) restore the ability of the kidney to manage the fluid and sodium naturally  resulting in a large and long-lasting reduction in the need for diuretic drugs. In DSR treated patients  there have been no congestion-related re-hospitalizations during the study follow-up period  all patients improved their NYHA status by at least one class and the clinical benefits observed in the clinical studies resulted in a 75% reduction in predicted one-year mortality of patients pre- vs. post-intensive DSR therapy based on the Seattle Heart Failure Model.About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. These patients can have up to 15 liters of extra fluid in their bodies  causing major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficulty breathing and restricted mobility that severely impacts daily life. Although diuretics are standard of care  the problem is that in many patients they are no longer effective and / or tolerable. There are limited effective treatment options for these patients  resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and a major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing “diuretic-resistant” patient population.alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems. The Company has reported positive primary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON trial of the alfapump in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis  enabling the filing of a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application with the FDA  planned for H2 2023. Having delivered clinical proof-of-concept for DSR as a disease-modifying drug program for the treatment of heart failure  the Company will commence MOJAVE  a US randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a clinical trial of DSR 2.0  with initial data expected in Q4 2023.Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Trial) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical trial see www.poseidonstudy.com. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® and DSR® are registered trademarks.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements.Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.Attachments",neutral,0.0,0.8,0.2,mixed,0.23,0.05,0.72,True,English,"['congestive heart failure', 'Sequana Medical', 'FDA clearance', 'IND application', 'DSR®', 'treatment', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'randomized controlled Phase 1/2a MOJAVE study', 'randomized controlled Phase 1/2a study', 'Investigational New Drug (IND) application', 'diuretic-resistant chronic heart failure patients', '200,000 diuretic-resistant congestive heart failure patients', 'New York Heart Association', 'six-hour urine sodium output', 'The DSR drug-based approach', 'disease-modifying heart failure therapy', 'existing heart failure therapies', 'three-month safety follow-up period', 'up to 30 additional patients', 'study follow-up period', 'Oliver Gödje', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'intravenous loop diuretics', 'Optimum Strategic Communications', 'disease modifying therapy', 'ten randomized patients', 'Safety Monitoring Board', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'key clinical problem', 'three eligible patients', 'year-end Randomiz ed', 'Ethics Committee approval', 'serious adverse events', 'NYHA) functional class', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'second-generation DSR product', 'first-generation DSR product', 'randomized cohort data', 'new therapies', 'strong efficacy data', '20 randomized patients', 'Drug Administration', 'three patients', 'strong safety', 'DSR therapy', 'secondary safety', 'liver disease', 'NYHA status', 'one class', 'treatment period', 'DSR 2.0 product', 'clinical outcomes', 'clinical proof', 'clinical benefits', 'clinical studies', 'US patients', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'initial data', 'RED DESERT', 'SAHARA studies', 'Euronext Brussels', 'timely manner', 'first patient', 'second quarter', 'Ian Crosbie', 'repeated hospitalization', 'SAHARA proof', 'concept studies', 'peritoneal dialysis', 'usual care', 'four weeks', 'PD catheter', 'efficacy endpoints', 'diuretic response', 'Exploratory endpoints', 'volume status', 'renal function', 'natriuretic peptides', 'Nick Bastin', 'Jonathan Edwards', 'Vici Rabbetts', 'sodium overload', 'diuretic drugs', 'congestion-related re-hospitalizations', 'one-year mortality', 'fluid overload', 'Fluid accumulation', 'excess fluid', 'proprietary DSR', 'post-intensive DSR', 'urgent need', 'persistent congestion', 'long-lasting reduction', 'US Food', '75% reduction', 'track', 'Q2', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', '02 May', 'Company', 'pioneer', 'cancer', 'FDA', 'clearance', 'potential', 'Story', 'top', 'Progress', 'DSMB', 'review', 'part', 'Primary', 'improvement', 'baseline', 'change', 'weight', 'creatinine', 'marker', 'number', 'rehospitalizations', 'information', 'retention', 'kidneys', 'health', 'ability', 'large']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,finance.yahoo.com
24135,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-estimated-nav-160000894.html,BGHL (GBP): Estimated NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for ...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28/04/2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.0718 £ 23.9182 Estimated MTD return 1.62 % 1.71 % Estimated YTD return -2.51 % -2.08 % Estimated ITD return 170.72 % 139.18 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['Estimated NAV', 'BGHL', 'GBP', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'US persons', 'The Shares', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'The Directors', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'NAV', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,finance.yahoo.com
24136,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-estimated-nav-160000479.html,BGHL (EUR): Estimated NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for ...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28/04/2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.0718 £ 23.9182 Estimated MTD return 1.62 % 1.71 % Estimated YTD return -2.51 % -2.08 % Estimated ITD return 170.72 % 139.18 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['Estimated NAV', 'BGHL', 'EUR', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'The Directors', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'NAV', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,finance.yahoo.com
24137,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/02/2659649/0/en/Ontex-completes-the-divestment-of-its-Mexican-business-for-a-total-net-amount-of-265-million.html,Ontex completes the divestment of its Mexican business for a total net amount of €265 million,Proceeds to be used to reimburse €220 million term loan     Aalst  Belgium  May 2  2023 – Ontex Group NV (Euronext: Ontex)  a leading international......,English DutchProceeds to be used to reimburse €220 million term loanAalst  Belgium  May 2  2023 – Ontex Group NV (Euronext: Ontex)  a leading international supplier of personal care products  announces that it has completed the divestment of its Mexican business activities to Softys S.A. a personal hygiene company with operations across Latin America and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Empresas CMPC S.A.  headquartered in Chile.The transaction includes Ontex’s manufacturing facility in Puebla  Mexico  its branded business in Mexico as well as related exports to certain regional markets. The business employs around 1 000 blue-collar employees and 350 white-collar employees. Ontex’s manufacturing facility in Tijuana  Mexico  will remain with Ontex and will form an integral part of Ontex’s North American operations and supply chain footprint.Gustavo Calvo Paz  CEO of Ontex  said: “With this transaction  we make a significant step in the implementation of our strategy and in strengthening our balance sheet. While there is more to accomplish  reaching this milestone allows us to focus further on our partner brands and healthcare business in the Core Markets of Europe and North America  where we have significant growth drivers for the future.“Aggregate net cash proceeds received at closing  after the impact of taxes  transaction expenses and balance sheet adjustments are approximately €225 million. This amount is subject to customary post-closing adjustments. The proceeds will be used to repay Ontex’s €220 million term loan. In addition  the parties have agreed to a deferred payment with a value of approximately €40 million  payable to Ontex over a maximum of five years.***Contact informationInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comMedia Maarten Verbanck +32 492 72 42 67 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international provider of personal hygiene solutions  with expertise in baby care  feminine care and adult care. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries through leading retailer brands  lifestyle brands and Ontex brands. Employing some 7 500 people all over the world  Ontex has a presence in 21 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussels and is part of the Bel Mid®. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['total net amount', 'Mexican business', 'Ontex', 'divestment', 'Empresas CMPC S.A.', 'Softys S.A.', '€220 million term loan', 'leading international supplier', 'personal hygiene company', 'supply chain footprint', 'Gustavo Calvo Paz', 'customary post-closing adjustments', 'leading international provider', 'personal hygiene solutions', 'significant growth drivers', 'leading retailer brands', 'Mexican business activities', 'balance sheet adjustments', 'personal care products', 'net cash proceeds', 'North American operations', 'Ontex Group NV', 'significant step', 'innovative products', 'partner brands', 'baby care', 'feminine care', 'adult care', 'lifestyle brands', 'English Dutch', 'Latin America', 'owned subsidiary', 'manufacturing facility', 'branded business', 'related exports', 'regional markets', '1,000 blue-collar employees', '350 white-collar employees', 'healthcare business', 'Core Markets', 'deferred payment', 'five years', 'Contact information', 'Geoffroy Raskin', 'Maarten Verbanck', 'Bel Mid®', 'latest news', 'integral part', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Ontex brands', 'transaction expenses', 'Aalst', 'Belgium', 'divestment', 'Chile', 'Puebla', 'Mexico', 'Tijuana', 'CEO', 'implementation', 'strategy', 'milestone', 'Europe', 'future', 'impact', 'taxes', 'amount', 'addition', 'parties', 'value', 'maximum', 'Investors', 'relations', 'Media', 'expertise', '100 countries', '7,500 people', 'world', 'presence', '21 countries', 'headquarters', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'Attachment']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,globenewswire.com
24138,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hyloris-announces-potential-registration-date-050000237.html,Hyloris announces potential registration date for Maxigesic® IV in the US,PDUFA goal date set for 17 October 2023 by U.S. Food & Drug AdministrationExclusive commercial partner for Maxigesic® IV in the U.S. is Hikma Pharmaceuticals...,"Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SAPDUFA goal date set for 17 October 2023 by U.S. Food & Drug AdministrationExclusive commercial partner for Maxigesic® IV in the U.S. is Hikma Pharmaceuticals  a leading supplier of complex  injectable hospital productsLiège  Belgium – 2 May 2023 – 7AM CET – Non-regulated information - Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext Brussels: HYL)  a specialty biopharma company committed to addressing unmet medical needs through reinventing existing medications  today announces the US Food & Drug Administration has set 17 October 2023 as the date by which it expects to respond to the application regarding Maxigesic® IV.The US regulatory body confirmed it has received a complete response in relation to its questions on extractables and leachables from Maxigesic® IV’s primary packaging – the glass vial and the stopper in which the drug product is stored. The FDA requested additional data in July 2022.Hyloris’ partner AFT Pharmaceuticals (“AFT”) submitted the additional data to the FDA on 17 April 2023. The Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) goal date of 17 October 2023 set by the FDA confirms the anticipated review period of 6 months  and a potential registration of Maxigesic® IV for the US market before the end of 2023.Sales could follow soon after  with an exclusive license and distribution agreement already signed between AFT and Hikma Pharmaceuticals (“Hikma”). Hikma is a leading supplier of complex  injectable hospital products in the U.S.Under the terms of the development collaboration agreement between Hyloris and AFT  Hyloris is eligible to receive a share on any product-related revenues  such as license fees  royalties  milestone payments  received by AFT.About Maxigesic® IVMaxigesic® IV is a novel  dual mode-of-action  non-opioid pain treatment for use post-operatively in hospitals or when patients cannot take medicine orally. It is a unique combination of 1000mg paracetamol with 300mg ibuprofen solution for infusion  thereby reducing both pain and inflammation.Story continuesResults from a randomized  placebo-controlled Phase 3 trial demonstrated that Maxigesic® IV was well-tolerated and had a faster onset of action  offered higher pain relief  and provided the potential to reduce the use of opioids compared to ibuprofen IV or paracetamol IV alone in the same doses. Further exposure studies have demonstrated the drug’s efficacy and safety in an expanded population group over a longer treatment period. Maxigesic® IV is protected by several granted and pending patent applications.About Hyloris PharmaceuticalsHyloris is a specialty biopharma company focused on innovating  reinventing  and optimizing existing medications to address important healthcare needs and deliver relevant improvements for patients  healthcare professionals and payors. Hyloris has built a broad  patented portfolio of 16 reformulated and repurposed value-added medicines that have the potential to offer significant advantages over available alternatives. Outside of its core strategic focus  the Company also has 3 high barrier generic products in development.Two products are currently in initial phases of commercialization with partners: Sotalol IV for the treatment of atrial fibrillation  and Maxigesic® IV  a non-opioid post-operative pain treatment. The Company’s development strategy primarily focuses on the FDA’s 505(b)2 regulatory pathway  which is specifically designed for pharmaceuticals for which safety and efficacy of the molecule have already been established. This pathway can reduce the clinical burden required to bring a product to market  and significantly shorten the development timelines and reduce costs and risks. Hyloris is based in Liège  Belgium. For more information  visit www.hyloris.com and follow-us on LinkedIn.For more information  contact Hyloris Pharmaceuticals:Stijn Van Rompay  CEOstijn.vanrompay@hyloris.com+32 (0)4 346 02 07Jean-Luc Vandebroek  CFOjean-luc.vandebroek@hyloris.com+32 (0)478 27 68 42Sven Watthy  Investor Relations & Communications managerSven.watthy@hyloris.com+32 (0)499 71 15 29Disclaimer and forward-looking statementsHyloris means “high yield  lower risk”  which relates to the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for product approval on which the Company focuses  but in no way relates or applies to an investment in the Shares. Certain statements in this press release are “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified using forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors  many of which are beyond the Company’s control  that may cause the actual results  levels of activity  performance or achievements of the Company or its industry to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.04,0.21,0.75,True,English,"['potential registration date', 'Maxigesic® IV', 'Hyloris', 'US', 'The Prescription Drug User Fee Act', 'randomized, placebo-controlled Phase 3 trial', 'complex, injectable hospital products', '3 high barrier generic products', 'opioid post-operative pain treatment', 'unmet medical needs', 'novel, dual mode', 'opioid pain treatment', 'Further exposure studies', 'expanded population group', 'pending patent applications', 'broad, patented portfolio', 'core strategic focus', 'Stijn Van Rompay', 'higher pain relief', '300mg ibuprofen solution', 'important healthcare needs', 'US regulatory body', '505(b)2 regulatory pathway', '505(b)(2) regulatory pathway', 'longer treatment period', 'Exclusive commercial partner', 'specialty biopharma company', 'development collaboration agreement', 'future financial performance', 'U.S. Food', 'Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA', 'PDUFA goal date', 'Two products', 'The Company', 'US Food', 'Drug Administration', 'The FDA', 'review period', 'exclusive license', 'distribution agreement', 'ibuprofen IV', 'healthcare professionals', 'future events', 'drug product', 'Maxigesic® IV', 'leading supplier', 'Liège', '7AM CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'existing medications', 'complete response', 'primary packaging', 'glass vial', 'additional data', 'Hyloris’ partner', 'product-related revenues', 'license fees', 'milestone payments', 'unique combination', '1000mg paracetamol', 'faster onset', 'paracetamol IV', 'same doses', 'relevant improvements', 'value-added medicines', 'significant advantages', 'available alternatives', 'initial phases', 'Sotalol IV', 'atrial fibrillation', 'clinical burden', 'development timelines', 'Sven Watthy', 'Investor Relations', 'Communications manager', 'Sven.watthy', 'lower risk', 'press release', 'forward-looking terminology', 'other factors', 'US market', 'product approval', 'intended results', 'actual results', 'Hikma Pharmaceuticals', 'development strategy', 'Jean-Luc Vandebroek', 'looking statements', 'unknown risks', 'Non-regulated information', 'potential registration', 'AFT Pharmaceuticals', '17 October', 'Belgium', '2 May', 'questions', 'extractables', 'leachables', 'stopper', 'July', '17 April', '6 months', 'Sales', 'terms', 'share', 'royalties', 'action', 'hospitals', 'patients', 'infusion', 'inflammation', 'Story', 'opioids', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'several', 'payors', '16 reformulated', 'commercialization', 'partners', 'molecule', 'costs', 'LinkedIn', 'CEO', 'vanrompay', 'CFO', 'Disclaimer', 'investment', 'words', 'project', 'target', 'uncertainties', 'levels', 'activity', 'achievement']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,finance.yahoo.com
24139,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-BRUXELLES-LAMBERT-5953/news/Groupe-Bruxelles-Lambert-Transactions-on-GBL-shares-from-April-24-2023-until-April-28-2023-incl-43714308/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Groupe Bruxelles Lambert : Transactions on GBL shares from April 24  2023 until April 28  2023 (included),(marketscreener.com)   May 2  2023 - After 5:45pm CET   Regulated information   Delivering meaningful growth   Transactions on GBL Shares   Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from April 24  2023 until April 28  2023    Implementation of …,May 2  2023 - After 5:45pm CET Regulated information Delivering meaningful growth Transactions on GBL Shares Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from April 24  2023 until April 28  2023 (included) Implementation of the authorization of the Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of April 28  2020 Purchases GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  acquired during the period from April 24  2023 until April 28  2023 included  as part of: The share buyback program: 0 GBL shareThe share buyback program (by an independent financial institution on the basis of a discretionary mandate until June 30  2023): 140 038 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) Stock Exchange 04/24/2023 26 303 80.64 80.22 80.90 2 121 150 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 04/25/2023 22 296 80.00 79.78 80.28 1 783 751 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 04/26/2023 29 304 79.92 79.60 80.18 2 341 958 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 04/27/2023 21 579 80.30 79.66 80.54 1 732 707 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 04/28/2023 40 556 80.71 80.10 81.36 3 273 311 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Total 140 038 80.36 11 252 880 Regulated information of May 2  2023 // Page 1 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.beThe liquidity agreement: 14 775 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 04/24/2023 3 000 80.57 80.22 80.90 241 710 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/25/2023 3 200 79.91 79.78 80.28 255 724 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/26/2023 4 050 79.83 79.60 80.18 323 299 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/27/2023 1 500 79.91 79.66 80.54 119 858 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/28/2023 3 025 80.35 80.10 81.36 243 068 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 14 775 80.11 1 183 659 Sales GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  sold during the period from April 24  2023 until April 28  2023 included  as part of: The liquidity agreement: 14 750 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 04/24/2023 2 950 80.64 80.22 80.90 237 874 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/25/2023 3 250 80.01 79.78 80.28 260 045 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/26/2023 4 000 79.97 79.60 80.18 319 890 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/27/2023 1 550 80.01 79.66 80.54 124 017 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/28/2023 3 000 80.56 80.10 81.36 241 677 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 14 750 80.24 1 183 503 As of April 28  2023  GBL holds directly and through its subsidiaries 14 552 322 GBL shares representing 9.5% of the issued capital  and holds 25 shares under the liquidity agreement. On that date  99.5% of the fifth share buyback program is executed1. 1 cf. http://www.gbl.be/en/transactions-gbl-shares Regulated information of May 2  2023 // Page 2 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.be,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'GBL shares', 'Transactions', 'April', 'Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'fifth share buyback program', 'market shares price', 'meaningful growth Transactions', 'independent financial institution', '241,710 Stock Exchange Euronext', '724 Stock Exchange Euronext', '299 Stock Exchange Euronext', '858 Stock Exchange Euronext', '243,068 Stock Exchange Euronext', '74 Stock Exchange Euronext', '45 Stock Exchange Euronext', '017 Stock Exchange Euronext', '241,677 Stock Exchange Euronext', 'Acquis Stock Exchange', '14,775 GBL shares Number', '0 GBL share', 'Acquis Total', '38 GBL shares', '14,552,322 GBL shares', 'discretionary mandate', 'liquidity agreement', 'Sales GBL', 'gbl.be', '25 shares', 'May', '5:45pm', 'information', 'Disclosure', 'April', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'Purchases', 'subsidiaries', 'period', 'part', 'basis', 'June', 'CBOE', 'Turquoise', 'Page', 'capital', 'transactions-gbl-shares']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24140,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/02/2658739/0/en/Hyloris-announces-potential-registration-date-for-Maxigesic-IV-in-the-US.html,Hyloris announces potential registration date for Maxigesic® IV in the US,Liège  Belgium – 2 May 2023 – 7AM CET – Non-regulated information - Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext Brussels: HYL)  a specialty biopharma company committed to addressing unmet medical needs through reinventing existing medications  today announces the US…,"English FrenchPDUFA goal date set for 17 October 2023 by U.S. Food & Drug AdministrationExclusive commercial partner for Maxigesic® IV in the U.S. is Hikma Pharmaceuticals  a leading supplier of complex  injectable hospital productsLiège  Belgium – 2 May 2023 – 7AM CET – Non-regulated information - Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext Brussels: HYL)  a specialty biopharma company committed to addressing unmet medical needs through reinventing existing medications  today announces the US Food & Drug Administration has set 17 October 2023 as the date by which it expects to respond to the application regarding Maxigesic® IV.The US regulatory body confirmed it has received a complete response in relation to its questions on extractables and leachables from Maxigesic® IV’s primary packaging – the glass vial and the stopper in which the drug product is stored. The FDA requested additional data in July 2022.Hyloris’ partner AFT Pharmaceuticals (“AFT”) submitted the additional data to the FDA on 17 April 2023. The Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) goal date of 17 October 2023 set by the FDA confirms the anticipated review period of 6 months  and a potential registration of Maxigesic® IV for the US market before the end of 2023.Sales could follow soon after  with an exclusive license and distribution agreement already signed between AFT and Hikma Pharmaceuticals (“Hikma”). Hikma is a leading supplier of complex  injectable hospital products in the U.S.Under the terms of the development collaboration agreement between Hyloris and AFT  Hyloris is eligible to receive a share on any product-related revenues  such as license fees  royalties  milestone payments  received by AFT.About Maxigesic® IVMaxigesic® IV is a novel  dual mode-of-action  non-opioid pain treatment for use post-operatively in hospitals or when patients cannot take medicine orally. It is a unique combination of 1000mg paracetamol with 300mg ibuprofen solution for infusion  thereby reducing both pain and inflammation.Results from a randomized  placebo-controlled Phase 3 trial demonstrated that Maxigesic® IV was well-tolerated and had a faster onset of action  offered higher pain relief  and provided the potential to reduce the use of opioids compared to ibuprofen IV or paracetamol IV alone in the same doses. Further exposure studies have demonstrated the drug’s efficacy and safety in an expanded population group over a longer treatment period. Maxigesic® IV is protected by several granted and pending patent applications.About Hyloris PharmaceuticalsHyloris is a specialty biopharma company focused on innovating  reinventing  and optimizing existing medications to address important healthcare needs and deliver relevant improvements for patients  healthcare professionals and payors. Hyloris has built a broad  patented portfolio of 16 reformulated and repurposed value-added medicines that have the potential to offer significant advantages over available alternatives. Outside of its core strategic focus  the Company also has 3 high barrier generic products in development.Two products are currently in initial phases of commercialization with partners: Sotalol IV for the treatment of atrial fibrillation  and Maxigesic® IV  a non-opioid post-operative pain treatment. The Company’s development strategy primarily focuses on the FDA’s 505(b)2 regulatory pathway  which is specifically designed for pharmaceuticals for which safety and efficacy of the molecule have already been established. This pathway can reduce the clinical burden required to bring a product to market  and significantly shorten the development timelines and reduce costs and risks. Hyloris is based in Liège  Belgium. For more information  visit www.hyloris.com and follow-us on LinkedIn.For more information  contact Hyloris Pharmaceuticals:Stijn Van Rompay  CEOstijn.vanrompay@hyloris.com+32 (0)4 346 02 07Jean-Luc Vandebroek  CFOjean-luc.vandebroek@hyloris.com+32 (0)478 27 68 42Sven Watthy  Investor Relations & Communications managerSven.watthy@hyloris.com+32 (0)499 71 15 29Disclaimer and forward-looking statementsHyloris means “high yield  lower risk”  which relates to the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for product approval on which the Company focuses  but in no way relates or applies to an investment in the Shares. Certain statements in this press release are “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified using forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors  many of which are beyond the Company’s control  that may cause the actual results  levels of activity  performance or achievements of the Company or its industry to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['potential registration date', 'Maxigesic® IV', 'Hyloris', 'US', 'The Prescription Drug User Fee Act', 'randomized, placebo-controlled Phase 3 trial', 'complex, injectable hospital products', '3 high barrier generic products', 'opioid post-operative pain treatment', 'unmet medical needs', 'novel, dual mode', 'opioid pain treatment', 'Further exposure studies', 'expanded population group', 'pending patent applications', 'broad, patented portfolio', 'core strategic focus', 'Stijn Van Rompay', 'higher pain relief', '300mg ibuprofen solution', 'important healthcare needs', 'US regulatory body', '505(b)2 regulatory pathway', '505(b)(2) regulatory pathway', 'longer treatment period', 'Exclusive commercial partner', 'specialty biopharma company', 'development collaboration agreement', 'future financial performance', 'U.S. Food', 'PDUFA goal date', 'Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA', 'Two products', 'The Company', 'US Food', 'Drug Administration', 'The FDA', 'review period', 'exclusive license', 'distribution agreement', 'ibuprofen IV', 'healthcare professionals', 'future events', 'drug product', 'English French', 'Maxigesic® IV', 'leading supplier', 'Liège', '7AM CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'existing medications', 'complete response', 'primary packaging', 'glass vial', 'additional data', 'product-related revenues', 'license fees', 'milestone payments', 'unique combination', '1000mg paracetamol', 'faster onset', 'paracetamol IV', 'same doses', 'relevant improvements', 'value-added medicines', 'significant advantages', 'available alternatives', 'initial phases', 'Sotalol IV', 'atrial fibrillation', 'clinical burden', 'development timelines', 'Sven Watthy', 'Investor Relations', 'Communications manager', 'Sven.watthy', 'lower risk', 'press release', 'forward-looking terminology', 'other factors', 'Hyloris’ partner', 'US market', 'product approval', 'intended results', 'actual results', 'Hikma Pharmaceuticals', 'development strategy', 'Jean-Luc Vandebroek', 'looking statements', 'unknown risks', 'Non-regulated information', 'potential registration', 'AFT Pharmaceuticals', '17 October', 'Belgium', '2 May', 'questions', 'extractables', 'leachables', 'stopper', 'July', '17 April', '6 months', 'Sales', 'terms', 'share', 'royalties', 'action', 'hospitals', 'patients', 'infusion', 'inflammation', 'opioids', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'several', 'payors', '16 reformulated', 'commercialization', 'partners', 'molecule', 'costs', 'LinkedIn', 'CEO', 'vanrompay', 'CFO', 'Disclaimer', 'investment', 'words', 'plans', 'project', 'target', 'uncertainties', 'levels', 'activity', 'achievements', 'indus']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,globenewswire.com
24141,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/02/2658730/0/en/argenx-to-Present-at-BofA-Securities-2023-Health-Care-Conference.html,argenx to Present at BofA Securities 2023 Health Care Conference,May 2  2023Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that members of management will participate in a firesi…,May 2  2023Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that members of management will participate in a fireside chat at the BofA Securities 2023 Health Care Conference on Tuesday  May 9  2023  at 8:00 a.m. P.T. in Las Vegas  NV.A live webcast of the fireside chat may be accessed on the Investors section of the argenx website at argenx.com/investors. A replay of the webcast will be available on the argenx website for approximately 90 days following the fireside chat.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and-only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  the EU and UK  and Japan. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit https://www.argenx.com/ and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.For further information  please contact:Media:Erin Murphyemurphy@argenx.comInvestors:Beth DelGiaccobdelgiacco@argenx.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,True,English,"['BofA Securities 2023 Health Care Conference', 'argenx', 'BofA Securities 2023 Health Care Conference', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'global immunology company', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'The Company', 'fireside chat', 'P.T.', 'Las Vegas', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'U.S.', 'therapeutic franchises', 'Erin Murphy', 'Beth DelGiacco', 'live webcast', 'Investors section', 'argenx website', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'members', 'management', 'Tuesday', 'May', '8:00 a', 'replay', '90 days', 'IIP', 'UK', 'Japan', 'efgartigimod', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Media', 'bdelgiacco']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,globenewswire.com
24142,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ramsay-sante-results-end-march-153500048.html,Ramsay Sante : Results at the end of March 2023,PRESS RELEASEParis  2 May 2023 13.5% total revenues growth for the third quarter of this financial year  up to €1.3bn total revenues  supported by a broad...,RAMSAY SANTEPRESS RELEASEParis  2 May 202313.5% total revenues growth for the third quarter of this financial year  up to €1.3bn total revenues  supported by a broad-based good dynamics and recent acquisitions in the Nordics countries. Growth on a like-for-like basis of 10.2%.Continuously playing a leading role in addressing the numerous headwinds impacting the healthcare sector in Europe. For the quarter  EBITDA decreased by €30m leading to €137m and 11.0% margin for this quarter  due to lower subsidies  high inflation and staff shortage challenges.Cost controls measures reinforced to address current situation and pursue our Yes We Care 2025 strategic plan in implementing a global patient pathway strategy to further be a European leader in integrated care.Unaudited turnover for the nine months period ending 31 March 2023 amounted to €3 462m up 10.2% on a reported basis. Unaudited turnover for the last quarter amounted to €1 253m up 13.5% on a reported basis ;Unaudited EBITDA for the nine months period ending 31 March 2023 amounted to €450m down -10.5% on a reported basis. Unaudited EBITDA for the last quarter amounted to €137m down -18.0% on a reported basis ;Unaudited current operating profit for the nine months period ending 31 March 2023 amounted to €154m down -31.4% on a reported basis. Unaudited current operating profit for the last quarter amounted to €41m down -45.9% on a reported basis ;Ramsay Santé has maintained its actions to participate in the support of the French and Nordics public healthcare sectors. It has resulted in a 3.8% increase in patient admissions in our acute care facilities and 1.1 million additional patient consultations in our Nordics primary care centres over the 9 months ended 31 March 2023 compared to the prior corresponding period.The group continued its expansion in its core strategic development areas. Two primary care centres opened their doors in late 2022 in France and the Haussmann medical centre in central Paris joined the Ramsay Santé network in January 2023. On 1 st March 2023  the Ange Gardien mental health clinic re-opened its doors following an extensive redevelopment of the facility and merger of the neighbouring Perreuse clinic into a single expanded modern site. The 232 beds and 15 day places will significantly enhance the mental health services proposed to the greater eastern Ile-de-France region. Finally on1 st April 2023  St Göran has opened its new maternity ward in Stockholm.Activity levels in France and the Nordics have been solid. Revenues for the group increased by €149m or 13.5% for the January to March 2023 quarter compared to the prior corresponding period. Adjusted for changes in the scope of consolidation and at constant exchange rates  revenues organic growth for the quarter ending 31 March 2023 was 10.2%. France revenue has grown by 10.3% supported by an increase in medical purchases rechargeable revenue and impacted by the ongoing shift toward ambulatory care. Nordic countries revenue grew by 21.3% supported by recent acquisitions. On a like-for-like basis  Nordics revenue growth is of 10.7% and is mainly realised in the Nordics by proximity care and specialist care patients in both Sweden and Denmark.Story continuesThe group consolidated EBITDA for the quarter ending 31 March 2023 of €137m decreased by €30m or-18% compared to the prior corresponding period.Decrease of the EBITDA this quarter is related to the drop of subsidies and revenue guarantee received by government bodies  by continuing medical staff shortage in all regions and by persistently higher inflation conditions. The amount of various government subsidies related to COVID  including revenue guarantee  have been lower by €52m for the group this quarter compared to the same period last year  reflecting the decreasing intensity of the COVID pandemia.In order to mitigates these headwinds  Ramsay Santé has launched a set of measures in order to better control its cost base while preserving its Yes We Care 2025 strategic plan.Acquisitions realised during the last Fiscal Year have been integrated as expected. Regarding GHP  this acquisition represents an impact  for the nine month period  of 121.9M€ of revenues  16.1M€ of EBITDA and 7.8M€ of EBIT.The French tariffs applicable from 1 st March 2023 have been released. MSO tariffs increase by +5.4% and re-incorporate into DRG price the 2022 funding of operating costs inflation that had been received through grants in H1 FY23. Rehabilitation and follow-up care tariffs increase by +1.9%.Finally  the French Government has indicated it will prolong its support to the industry through a modified revenue guarantee scheme extending to 31 st December 2023  with a less favourable scheme however.Ramsay Health Care Ltd is publishing in parallel a trading update as at end of March 2023  which includes some of the information contained in this announcement.Pascal Roché  Chief Executive Officer of Ramsay Santé  says:« The third quarter of FY23 (January to March 2023) has seen  once again  Ramsay Santé and all its employees and medical community being able to serve the healthcare sector and its patients in both France and the 3 Nordics countries despite the scarcity of resources and the inflation burden. »The Board of Directors approved the unaudited third quarter FY23 trading update at its meeting heldon 2nd May 2023.About Ramsay SantéRamsay Santé is the leader in private hospitalisation and primary care in Europe. The Group has 36 000 employees and works with nearly 9 300 practitioners to treat more than 10 million patients per year in its 443 facilities and 5 countries: France  Sweden  Norway  Denmark and Italy.Ramsay Santé offers almost all medical and surgical specialities in three domains: Medicine  Surgery  Obstetrics (MSO)  Follow-up Care and Rehabilitation (FCR) and Mental Health. In all its territories  the Group contributes to public service health undertakings and providing proximity care  as in Sweden where the group has more than a hundred local health centres. Safe  quality care is the Group's priority in all the countries where it operates. This is what has made it a reference in state-of-the-art medicine  particularly in outpatient surgery and enhanced recovery after surgery (ERAS). The Group also invests more than €200 million every year in its facilities  whether in new surgical and imaging technologies or in the construction and modernisation of facilities. To best serve patient interests  it innovates constantly with new digital tools and by developing its organisations to improve efficiency of care.Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/RamsaySanteInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/ramsaysanteTwitter: https://twitter.com/RamsaySanteLinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/ramsaysanteYouTube: https://www.youtube.com/c/RamsaySanteCode ISIN and Euronext Paris: FR0000044471Website: www.ramsaygds.frInvestor / Analyst Relations Press RelationsJérôme Brice Brigitte CachonTel. +33 1 87 86 21 88 Tel. +33 1 87 86 22 11Jerome.brice@ramsaysante.fr brigitte.cachon@ramsaysante.frAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.11,0.18,0.71,True,English,"['Ramsay Sante', 'Results', 'end', 'March', 'Ange Gardien mental health clinic', 'single expanded modern site', 'greater eastern Ile-de-France region', 'global patient pathway strategy', '1.1 million additional patient consultations', 'Two primary care centres', 'core strategic development areas', 'Unaudited current operating profit', 'Nordics public healthcare sectors', 'Nordics primary care centres', 'Ramsay Health Care Ltd', 'mental health services', 'neighbouring Perreuse clinic', 'operating costs inflation', 'based good dynamics', 'staff shortage challenges', 'acute care facilities', 'new maternity ward', 'constant exchange rates', 'specialist care patients', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'prior corresponding period', 'nine month period', 'Haussmann medical centre', 'medical staff shortage', 'higher inflation conditions', 'nine months period', 'follow-up care tariffs', 'St Göran', 'Nordic countries revenue', '1.3bn total revenues', 'last Fiscal Year', 'Ramsay Santé network', 'Cost controls measures', 'various government subsidies', 'revenue guarantee scheme', 'Nordics revenue growth', '13.5% total revenues growth', 'current situation', 'patient admissions', 'Nordics countries', 'integrated care', 'ambulatory care', 'proximity care', 'same period', 'high inflation', '2025 strategic plan', 'Unaudited turnover', 'medical purchases', 'financial year', 'cost base', 'favourable scheme', 'RAMSAY SANTE', 'rechargeable revenue', 'government bodies', 'MSO tariffs', 'organic growth', '31 st December', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'leading role', 'lower subsidies', 'European leader', 'Unaudited EBITDA', 'extensive redevelopment', '15 day places', 'Activity levels', 'ongoing shift', 'decreasing intensity', 'French tariffs', 'French Government', 'trading update', 'Pascal Roché', 'last quarter', 'France revenue', 'recent acquisitions', 'third quarter', 'numerous headwinds', 'central Paris', 'COVID pandemia', 'Yes We', 'H1 FY23', '1 st March', '9 months', '31 March', '2 May', 'broad', 'basis', '11.0% margin', 'actions', 'support', '3.8% increase', 'group', 'expansion', 'doors', 'late', 'January', 'facility', 'merger', '232 beds', 'Stockholm', 'changes', 'scope', 'consolidation', 'Sweden', 'Denmark', 'Story', 'Decrease', 'drop', 'regions', 'amount', 'order', 'set', 'GHP', 'impact', '121.9M', '7.8M', 'The', 'DRG', '2022 funding', 'grants', 'Rehabilitation', 'industry', 'less', 'parallel', 'end', 'information', 'announcement', 'employe']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,finance.yahoo.com
24143,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/02/2659557/0/en/Bunker-Hill-Community-College-Selects-Quadient-Smart-Lockers-to-Provide-Students-with-Flexible-Private-Access-to-Food.html,Bunker Hill Community College Selects Quadient Smart Lockers to Provide Students with Flexible  Private Access to Food,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels and a major global parcel locker operator  announced today that Bunker Hill Community College (BHCC)  a public communit…,English FrenchQuadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels and a major global parcel locker operator  announced today that Bunker Hill Community College (BHCC)  a public community college in Boston  Massachusetts serving a diverse student population of over 16 000  has selected Parcel Pending by Quadient refrigerated lockers to expand its successful DISH Food Pantry program that assists students struggling with food insecurity.With two main campuses in Charlestown and Chelsea  three satellite campuses and several instructional centers throughout the Greater Boston Area  BHCC is the largest community college in Massachusetts. More than half of BHCC’s student population struggles with food insecurity  which prompted the college to launch the food pantry program. BHCC wanted to provide a flexible  private way for students who need food assistance to access their food pantry orders. To meet this need  the school researched various parcel locker solutions from around the world and ultimately selected Quadient. Three Quadient locker stations were installed on the Charlestown campus in April 2022  and last week the program expanded with a new locker station on the Chelsea campus.“Our students are incredibly busy. They work demanding jobs and  many times  are only available after business hours or on the weekend ” said Molly Hansen  senior special programs coordinator for Bunker Hill Community College. “We wanted to come up with a way for students to access their food pantry orders within a time schedule that worked for them and for the staff at Bunker Hill.”Within three months after partnering with Quadient  BHCC installed the three smart locker towers at Charlestown. Two refrigerated towers provide storage for perishable items like fresh produce and frozen items  while the remaining tower on that campus is available for items such as dry food and hygiene products. The lockers serve 50-60 students per week and provide convenient access to essential items while reducing the anxiety around food insecurity. When their orders are ready for pick-up  students receive a text notification and can retrieve them discreetly and at the best time according to their schedules.“The feedback that we’ve received on both the lockers and the inventory has been incredibly positive. Our students love the flexibility and how easy it is to use the lockers ” Hansen said.Before using the smart lockers  Hansen had to schedule individual orders via multiple communication methods and facilitate pick-ups in person  which proved to be an inefficient system. Now  Hansen and her staff are able to coordinate and fulfill orders with greater ease. With Quadient’s back-end cloud-based software  staff check on locker inventory at any time. The lockers are also used to accept food donation drop-offs.“Parcel Pending by Quadient’s locker systems are not your standard locker offering because they are designed and engineered specifically to meet an organization’s unique storage needs ” said Austin Maddox  executive vice president  sales and operations North America  Quadient. “In the case of BHCC  we are honored to provide a solution that not only fullfills a critical need  but also brings efficiency to the staff and flexibility and dignity to the students.”Quadient has more than 18 000 parcel locker stations installed worldwide in the multifamily property  retail  higher education  corporate and courier segments.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1-866-883-4260 Ext. 1590 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.01,0.43,True,English,"['Bunker Hill Community College', 'Quadient Smart Lockers', 'Flexible, Private Access', 'Students', 'Food', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'major global parcel locker operator', 'successful DISH Food Pantry program', 'senior special programs coordinator', 'three key solution areas', 'various parcel locker solutions', 'three smart locker towers', 'Bunker Hill Community College', 'Three Quadient locker stations', '18,000 parcel locker stations', 'public community college', 'largest community college', 'Two refrigerated towers', 'three satellite campuses', 'new locker station', 'standard locker offering', 'meaningful customer connections', 'two main campuses', 'several instructional centers', 'multiple communication methods', 'back-end cloud-based software', 'executive vice president', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'customer experience excellence', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'food donation drop-offs', 'food pantry orders', 'diverse student population', 'flexible, private way', 'unique storage needs', 'Greater Boston Area', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'Quadient refrigerated lockers', 'Parcel Pending', 'three months', 'locker systems', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'locker inventory', 'food insecurity', 'food assistance', 'dry food', 'smart lockers', 'greater ease', 'English French', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'business hours', 'fresh produce', 'remaining tower', 'convenient access', 'text notification', 'individual orders', 'inefficient system', 'Austin Maddox', 'North America', 'multifamily property', 'higher education', 'courier segments', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'perishable items', 'frozen items', 'essential items', 'time schedule', 'best time', 'critical need', 'Joe Scolaro', 'Molly Hansen', 'Chelsea campus', '50-60 students', 'Charlestown campus', 'Quadient®', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'digital', 'BHCC', 'Massachusetts', 'More', 'half', 'school', 'world', 'April', 'jobs', 'weekend', 'staff', 'products', 'anxiety', 'pick-up', 'schedules', 'feedback', 'flexibility', 'organization', 'sales', 'operations', 'case', 'efficiency', 'dignity', 'retail', 'corporate', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'customers', 'quest', 'Small', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Communications', 'Attachments']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,globenewswire.com
24144,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-DE-VELDE-NV-6022/news/Van-de-Velde-Acquisition-of-treasury-shares-43714300/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Van de Velde : Acquisition of treasury shares,(marketscreener.com)   02.05.2023 - 18h00 Regulated information   Acquisition of treasury shares   In order to reduce the excess cash of the company the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV proceeded with the purchase of shares on the market of Euron…,02.05.2023 - 18h00 Regulated informationAcquisition of treasury sharesIn order to reduce the excess cash of the company the Board of Directors of Van de Velde NV proceeded with the purchase of shares on the market of Euronext Brussels. The following treasury shares have been acquired during the period of 20 April 2023 until and including 28 April 2023:Transaction Date Number of shares Average price Minimum price Maximum price (€/share) (€/share) (€/share) 20/04/2023 306 36 15 36 05 36 15 21/04/2023 425 36 06 36 05 36 10 24/04/2023 163 36 38 36 25 36 45 25/04/2023 600 36 15 36 10 36 20 26/04/2023 913 35 93 35 80 36 05 27/04/2023 875 36 06 36 00 36 20 28/04/2023 868 35 49 35 35 35 65Total number of shares = 4.150. Average price = 35 95 €/share. Total amount = 149.172 15 €.The authorization to acquire own shares was granted to the Board of Directors on 27 April 2022 during the extraordinary meeting of shareholder.On 28 April 2023  446.799 own shares are held by Van de Velde NV  including the 11 000 shares that were already purchased in the context of a stock option plan. This represents 3 4 per cent of the total number of shares of Van de Velde NV.Van de Velde creates fashionable lingerie of superior quality with its premium  complementary brands PrimaDonna  Marie Jo and Andres Sarda. We believe in 'Shaping the bodies and minds of women': we want to make a difference in women's lives with our beautiful and perfectly fitting lingerie  by lifting their self-confidence and self-image. For us  an impeccable in-store service is key  an approach which we have consolidated in our Lingerie Styling Concept.We work in close partnership with 3 600 independent lingerie boutiques worldwide. In addition  we have our own retail network with retail brands Rigby & Peller and Lincherie. Our geographical center of gravity is Europe and North America. Van de Velde employs almost 1 500 employees and is listed on Euronext Brussels.CONTACTSFor more information  contact:Van de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - +32 (0)9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.euKarel Verlinde CommV always represented by Karel VerlindeChief Executive OfficerVan de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - Belgium - T. +32 9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.eu - info@vandevelde.eu,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['Van de Velde', 'treasury shares', 'Acquisition', 'Chief Executive Officer Van de Velde NV', 'Average price Minimum price', 'stock option plan', 'premium, complementary brands', 'Lingerie Styling Concept', '3,600 independent lingerie boutiques', 'Karel Verlinde CommV', 'following treasury shares', 'Maximum price', 'fashionable lingerie', 'fitting lingerie', 'retail brands', 'excess cash', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Transaction Date', 'Total amount', 'extraordinary meeting', '3,4 per cent', 'superior quality', 'Marie Jo', 'Andres Sarda', 'store service', 'close partnership', 'retail network', 'geographical center', 'North America', 'Total number', 'Regulated information', '11,000 shares', 'Acquisition', 'order', 'company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'purchase', 'market', 'period', '20 April', '28 April', 'authorization', '27 April', 'shareholder', 'context', 'PrimaDonna', 'bodies', 'minds', 'women', 'difference', 'lives', 'beautiful', 'perfectly', 'self-confidence', 'self-image', 'impeccable', 'approach', 'addition', 'Rigby', 'Peller', 'Lincherie', 'gravity', 'Europe', '1,500 employees', 'CONTACTS', 'Lageweg', '9260 Schellebelle', 'Belgium', 'T.', 'vandevelde', '446.799', '32']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24145,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXAIL-TECHNOLOGIES-5158/news/Exail-Technologies-Exail-Technologies-announces-the-availability-of-its-2022-Universal-Registr-43714503/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Exail Technologies :  Exail Technologies announces the availability of its 2022 Universal Registration Document including the Annual Financial Report.,(marketscreener.com)  Paris  2 May 2023   Exail Technologies has filed its 2022 Universal Registration Document including the Annual Financial Report with the French Financial Markets Authority on April 28  2023. The Universal Registration Docu…,"Paris  2 May 2023Exail Technologies (Euronext Paris: EXA) has filed its 2022 Universal Registration Document including the Annual Financial Report with the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers – AMF) on April 28  2023.The Universal Registration Document is available to the public in accordance with French law and may be viewed or downloaded at www.exail-technologies.com under the Finance section  ""Financial information"" in French  the English version will be available in the coming days. The Universal Registration Document is also available on the AMF's website (www.amf-france.org).The 2022 Universal Registration Document includes:the Annual Financial Report  comprising the consolidated financial statements  the parent company financial statements  the management report and the related Statutory Auditors' reports;the Statutory Auditors' special report on related-party agreements and commitments;the Board of Directors' corporate governance report;information relating to the fees paid to the Statutory Auditors;the Declaration of extra-financial performance;the required information in relation to the share repurchase program; andthe draft resolutions presented at the Shareholders' meeting on June 15  2023 as well as the Board of Directors' report on those resolutions.About Exail TechnologiesExail Technologies is the new name of Groupe Gorgé  adopted after the transformation of the group at the end of 2022  now focused on the activities of its subsidiary Exail. Exail Technologies is an industrial company specializing in high technology in the field of autonomous robotics with a vertical integration of its businesses. The group offers complex drone and navigation systems  as well as products for the aerospace and photonics industries. Exail Technologies provides performance  reliability and safety to its civil and military customers operating in harsh environments and generates revenues in nearly 80 countries.Exail technologies is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment B (EXA).www.exail-technologies.comContacts Investor relationsHugo SoussanTel. +33 (0)1 44 77 94 86h.soussan@exail-technologies.comAnne-Pauline PetureauxTel. +33 (0)1 53 67 36 72apetureaux@actus.fr Media relationsManon ClairetTel. +33 (0)1 53 67 36 73mclairet@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: ymeaYMVulJrGmptsYcaZbZOWa2Zow5Gbl2SdyWZvaJrIZ3BnnJhqZpuXZnBqnG1p- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:News releases for the provision of documents:- Terms of availability of a universal registration document or its updates Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79783-exail-technologies_mise-a-disposition-du-urd-2022_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'Annual Financial Report', 'Exail Technologies', 'availability', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'The Universal Registration Document', 'The 2022 Universal Registration Document', ""related Statutory Auditors' reports"", ""Directors' corporate governance report"", ""Statutory Auditors' special report"", 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Euronext Paris Compartment B', 'parent company financial statements', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Annual Financial Report', 'share repurchase program', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', ""Directors' report"", 'management report', 'Financial information', 'News releases', 'French law', 'industrial company', 'Exail Technologies', 'Finance section', 'English version', 'coming days', 'related-party agreements', ""Shareholders' meeting"", 'new name', 'Groupe Gorgé', 'subsidiary Exail', 'high technology', 'autonomous robotics', 'vertical integration', 'complex drone', 'navigation systems', 'photonics industries', 'military customers', 'harsh environments', 'Investor relations', 'Anne-Pauline Petureaux', 'Media relations', 'Manon Clairet', 'extra-financial performance', 'draft resolutions', 'Hugo Soussan', 'Regulated information', '2 May', 'AMF', 'April', 'public', 'accordance', 'website', 'commitments', 'Board', 'fees', 'Declaration', 'June', 'transformation', 'end', 'activities', 'field', 'businesses', 'products', 'aerospace', 'reliability', 'safety', 'civil', 'revenues', '80 countries', 'exail-technologies', 'Contacts', 'Tel.', 'mclairet', 'provision', 'documents', 'Terms', 'availability', 'updates', 'Full', 'PDF', 'disposition', 'urd', 'email', '1']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24146,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ONTEX-GROUP-NV-16751532/news/Ontex-completes-the-divestment-of-its-Mexican-business-for-a-total-net-amount-of-265-million-43714712/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Ontex completes the divestment of its Mexican business for a total net amount of 265 million,(marketscreener.com) Proceeds to be used to reimburse €220 million term loan Aalst  Belgium  May 2  2023 – Ontex Group NV   a leading international supplier of personal care products  announces that it has completed the divestment of its Mexican business acti…,Proceeds to be used to reimburse €220 million term loanAalst  Belgium  May 2  2023 – Ontex Group NV (Euronext: Ontex)  a leading international supplier of personal care products  announces that it has completed the divestment of its Mexican business activities to Softys S.A. a personal hygiene company with operations across Latin America and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Empresas CMPC S.A.  headquartered in Chile.The transaction includes Ontex’s manufacturing facility in Puebla  Mexico  its branded business in Mexico as well as related exports to certain regional markets. The business employs around 1 000 blue-collar employees and 350 white-collar employees. Ontex’s manufacturing facility in Tijuana  Mexico  will remain with Ontex and will form an integral part of Ontex’s North American operations and supply chain footprint.Gustavo Calvo Paz  CEO of Ontex  said: “With this transaction  we make a significant step in the implementation of our strategy and in strengthening our balance sheet. While there is more to accomplish  reaching this milestone allows us to focus further on our partner brands and healthcare business in the Core Markets of Europe and North America  where we have significant growth drivers for the future.“Aggregate net cash proceeds received at closing  after the impact of taxes  transaction expenses and balance sheet adjustments are approximately €225 million. This amount is subject to customary post-closing adjustments. The proceeds will be used to repay Ontex’s €220 million term loan. In addition  the parties have agreed to a deferred payment with a value of approximately €40 million  payable to Ontex over a maximum of five years.***Contact informationInvestors Geoffroy Raskin +32 53 33 37 30 investor.relations@ontexglobal.comMedia Maarten Verbanck +32 492 72 42 67 corporate.communications@ontexglobal.comAbout OntexOntex is a leading international provider of personal hygiene solutions  with expertise in baby care  feminine care and adult care. Ontex’s innovative products are distributed in around 100 countries through leading retailer brands  lifestyle brands and Ontex brands. Employing some 7 500 people all over the world  Ontex has a presence in 21 countries  with its headquarters in Aalst  Belgium. Ontex is listed on Euronext Brussels and is part of the Bel Mid®. To keep up with the latest news  visit ontex.com or follow Ontex on LinkedIn   Facebook   Instagram and YouTube .Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['total net amount', 'Mexican business', 'Ontex', 'divestment', 'Empresas CMPC S.A.', 'Softys S.A.', '€220 million term loan', 'leading international supplier', 'personal hygiene company', 'supply chain footprint', 'Gustavo Calvo Paz', 'customary post-closing adjustments', 'Media Maarten Verbanck', 'leading international provider', 'personal hygiene solutions', 'significant growth drivers', 'leading retailer brands', 'Mexican business activities', 'balance sheet adjustments', 'personal care products', 'net cash proceeds', 'North American operations', 'Ontex Group NV', 'significant step', 'innovative products', 'partner brands', 'baby care', 'feminine care', 'adult care', 'lifestyle brands', 'Latin America', 'owned subsidiary', 'manufacturing facility', 'branded business', 'related exports', 'regional markets', '1,000 blue-collar employees', '350 white-collar employees', 'healthcare business', 'Core Markets', 'deferred payment', 'five years', 'Contact information', 'Geoffroy Raskin', 'Bel Mid®', 'latest news', 'integral part', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Ontex brands', 'transaction expenses', 'ontex.com', 'Aalst', 'Belgium', 'divestment', 'Chile', 'Puebla', 'Mexico', 'Tijuana', 'CEO', 'implementation', 'strategy', 'milestone', 'Europe', 'future', 'impact', 'taxes', 'amount', 'addition', 'parties', 'value', 'maximum', 'Investors', 'expertise', '100 countries', '7,500 people', 'world', 'presence', '21 countries', 'headquarters', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'Attachment']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24147,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LHYFE-137697440/news/Lhyfe-Shareholders-Annual-General-Meeting-documents-available-43714321/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Lhyfe :  Shareholders' Annual General Meeting documents available,(marketscreener.com)  Nantes – 2 May 2023 – 06.00 pm. – Lhyfe shareholders   one of the world's pioneers in the production of green and renewable hydrogen to decarbonize industry and mobility  are informed that the Annual General Meeting to take place  on f…,"Nantes (France) – 2 May 2023 – 06.00 pm. – Lhyfe shareholders (Euronext Paris – FR0014009YQ1 – LHYFE)  one of the world's pioneers in the production of green and renewable hydrogen to decarbonize industry and mobility  are informed that the Annual General Meeting to take place  on first notice:Tuesday 23 May 2023 at 9.00 pm.At la Cité des Congrès de Nantes 5 rue de Valmy  44000 Nantes.The meeting notice of the General Meeting  containing the agenda and draft resolutions  was published on 17 April 2023 in the “BALO” (number 46). This notice is available under the Investors  Annual general meetings section   of Lhyfe's website.The convening notice of the General Meeting will be published in the BALO bulletin to be issued on 5 May 2023. This notice will also be available under the Investors  Annual general meetings section   of Lhyfe's website.The documents (in French) required by the law Code are available to shareholders at the company's headquarters (1 ter mail Pablo Picasso  44000 Nantes  France) and under the Investors  Annual general meetings section   of Lhyfe's website.From the date of the convening notice of the General Meeting and up to and including the fifth day before the General Meeting  any shareholder may ask the Company to send him/her the documents and information mentioned in Articles R. 225-81 and R. 225-83 of the French Code de commerce  by simple request addressed to Uptevia - Service Assemblées Générales - Immeuble FLORES - 12 place des Etats-Unis CS 40083 - 92549 Montrouge Cedex. Shareholders must provide proof of their status as such by sending a certificate of account registration.About LhyfeLhyfe is a European group dedicated to the energy transition  and a producer and supplier of green and renewable hydrogen. Its production sites and portfolio of projects aim to provide access to green and renewable hydrogen in industrial quantities  and to enter into a virtuous energy model allowing the decarbonization of entire sectors of industry and mobility.In 2021  Lhyfe inaugurated the world's first industrial green hydrogen production site in direct connection with a wind farm. In 2022  Lhyfe inaugurated the world's first pilot platform for green hydrogen production at sea.Lhyfe is present in 11 European countries and has 149 employees at the end of 2022. The company is listed on the Euronext market in Paris (ISIN: FR0014009YQ1 - mnemonic: LHYFE).For more information go to Lhyfe.comContactsInvestor relationsLHYFEYoann Nguyeninvestors@lhyfe.com Financial press relationsACTUSManon Clairet+33 (0)1 53 67 36 73mclairet@actus.fr Business press relationsNouvelles GrainesClémence Rebours+33 (0)6 60 57 76 43c.rebours@nouvelles-graines.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mW1vlcppaG/Hx2pwacmXZ2JnaphjxmPGZWicx2WeasyZa2tjmZeVnMqXZnBqnG5o- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:News releases for the provision of documents:- Terms of availability of the preparatory documents for the GM Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79792-lhyfe-mad-docs-agm-23052023-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.57,0.42,0.01,True,English,"[""Shareholders' Annual General Meeting documents"", 'Lhyfe', 'Service Assemblées Générales', 'first industrial green hydrogen production site', 'Cité des Congrès', 'Annual general meetings section', 'French Code de commerce', 'first pilot platform', 'original press release', 'Financial press relations', 'Business press relations', 'virtuous energy model', 'next press releases', 'Clémence Rebours', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'industrial quantities', 'first notice', 'renewable hydrogen', '5 rue de', 'law Code', 'production sites', 'Investor relations', 'energy transition', 'News releases', 'draft resolutions', 'Pablo Picasso', 'fifth day', 'simple request', 'Immeuble FLORES', '92549 Montrouge Cedex', 'account registration', 'European group', 'entire sectors', 'direct connection', 'wind farm', '11 European countries', 'Euronext market', 'Yoann Nguyen', 'Manon Clairet', 'GM Full', 'Euronext Paris', 'convening notice', 'BALO bulletin', 'Nouvelles Graines', 'Regulated information', 'preparatory documents', 'Lhyfe shareholders', 'Nantes', 'France', '2 May', 'world', 'pioneers', 'industry', 'mobility', 'place', 'Tuesday', 'Valmy', 'agenda', '17 April', 'number', 'Investors', 'website', '5 May', 'company', 'headquarters', 'date', 'Articles', 'R.', 'Uptevia', 'Etats-Unis', 'proof', 'status', 'certificate', 'producer', 'supplier', 'portfolio', 'projects', 'access', 'decarbonization', 'sea', '149 employees', 'mnemonic', 'Contacts', 'mclairet', 'publication', 'Hx2pwacmXZ2JnaphjxmPGZWicx2WeasyZa2tjmZeVnMqXZnBqnG5o', 'provision', 'Terms', 'availability', 'PDF', 'mad-docs', 'email', '06.00', '9.00']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24148,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ARGENX-SE-16911676/news/Argenx-to-Present-at-BofA-Securities-2023-Health-Care-Conference-43706169/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Argenx to Present at BofA Securities 2023 Health Care Conference,(marketscreener.com) May 2  2023Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx   a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that members of management will participate in a fireside c…,May 2  2023Amsterdam  the Netherlands – argenx (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced that members of management will participate in a fireside chat at the BofA Securities 2023 Health Care Conference on Tuesday  May 9  2023  at 8:00 a.m. P.T. in Las Vegas  NV.A live webcast of the fireside chat may be accessed on the Investors section of the argenx website at argenx.com/investors. A replay of the webcast will be available on the argenx website for approximately 90 days following the fireside chat.About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and-only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S.  the EU and UK  and Japan. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit https://www.argenx.com/ and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.For further information  please contact:Media:Erin Murphyemurphy@argenx.comInvestors:Beth DelGiaccobdelgiacco@argenx.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,True,English,"['BofA Securities 2023 Health Care Conference', 'Argenx', 'BofA Securities 2023 Health Care Conference', 'several earlier stage experimental medicines', 'multiple serious autoimmune diseases', 'novel antibody-based medicines', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'leading academic researchers', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'Immunology Innovation Program', 'global immunology company', 'immunology breakthroughs', 'The Company', 'fireside chat', 'P.T.', 'Las Vegas', 'world-class portfolio', 'FcRn) blocker', 'U.S.', 'therapeutic franchises', 'Erin Murphy', 'Beth DelGiacco', 'live webcast', 'Investors section', 'argenx website', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'members', 'management', 'Tuesday', 'May', '8:00 a', 'replay', '90 days', 'IIP', 'UK', 'Japan', 'efgartigimod', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'Media', 'bdelgiacco']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24149,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/02/2659643/0/en/Tarkett-Information-on-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-in-Tarkett-s-share-capital-as-of-April-30-2023.html,Tarkett- Information on the total number of voting rights and shares in Tarkett’s share capital as of April 30  2023,PARIS  FRANCE  May 2  2023 - Information on the total number of voting rights and shares in Tarkett’s share capital as of April 30  2023  (Article......,English FrenchPARIS  FRANCE  May 2  2023 - Information on the total number of voting rights and shares in Tarkett’s share capital as of April 30  2023(Article L233-8-II of the French Commercial Code andArticle 223-16 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des marchés financiers)Date Total number of shares in the share capital Total number of voting rights As of April  30  202365 550 281Number of theoretical voting rights:65 811 141 Number of exercisable voting rights:65 701 831** After deduction of the treasury shares without voting rights.***Investor Relations Contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia contactsTarkett - communication@tarkett.comBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83About TarkettWith a history of 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating net sales of € 3.4 billion in 2022. The Group employs 12 000 employees and has 25 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 34 production sites. Tarkett creates and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build ‘The Way to Better Floors”  the Group is committed to circular economy and sustainability  in line with its Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT). www.tarkett-group.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.24,0.76,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'Information', 'shares', 'Tarkett', 'April', 'Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach', 'marchés financiers', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'Euronext regulated market', 'French Commercial Code', '25 R&D centers', 'theoretical voting rights', 'exercisable voting rights', 'Media contacts Tarkett', 'sports surface solutions', 'English French', '8 recycling centers', 'sports fields', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'worldwide leader', 'sustainable flooring', 'net sales', '34 production sites', 'The Way', 'Better Floors', 'circular economy', 'compartment B', 'total number', 'The Group', 'treasury shares', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'May', 'Information', 'April', 'Article', 'Date', 'deduction', 'communication', 'Brunswick', 'Tel.', 'history', '140 years', 'innovative', '12,000 employees', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'stores', 'customers', '100 countries', 'sustainability', 'line', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'tarkett-group', 'Attachment']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,globenewswire.com
24150,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RAMADA-INVESTIMENTOS-E-IN-3739597/news/Ramada-Investimentos-e-Ind-stria-S-A-Ind-stria-S-A-announces-payment-of-dividends-relating-to-th-43714430/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Ramada Investimentos e Indústria S A : Indústria  S.A. announces payment of dividends relating to the 2022 financial year,(marketscreener.com)   RAMADA INVESTIMENTOS E INDÚSTRIA  S.A.   Company issuing shares admitted to trading on a regulated market   Registered Office: Rua Manuel Pinto de Azevedo  818  Oporto   Share Capital: Euro 25 641 459   Registered at the C…,"RAMADA INVESTIMENTOS E INDÚSTRIA  S.A.Company issuing shares admitted to trading on a regulated marketRegistered Office: Rua Manuel Pinto de Azevedo  818  OportoShare Capital: Euro 25 641 459Registered at the Commercial Registry Office of OportoSole registration and tax number 508 548 527PAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS IN CASHUnder the terms and for the purposes of the provisions of CMVM Regulation no. 1/2023  RAMADA informs the Shareholders that  as from May 19  2023  the dividends for the year 2022 are payable  with Banco BPI as paying agent:Gross dividend per share Euro 0.82*Subject to IRS/IRC withholding in accordance with the applicable tax rules and rates in effect at the date of payment.Pursuant to the Regulations of the Portuguese Securities Clearing House (""Central de Valores Mobiliários"")  the payment of dividends on deposited shares will be made through that Portuguese Securities Clearing House (""Central de Valores Mobiliários"") (Code FRV AE).RAMADA further announces that as from May 17  2023 (inclusive)  the shares will be traded in Euronext Lisbon without being entitled to the referred dividend. The record date will be May 18  2023.Oporto  May 2  2023RAMADA INVESTIMENTOS E INDÚSTRIA  S.A.The Board of Directors",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Indústria S A', 'S.A.', 'Ramada Investimentos', '2022 financial year', 'payment', 'dividends', 'Rua Manuel Pinto de Azevedo', 'Central de Valores Mobiliários', 'Portuguese Securities Clearing House', 'Commercial Registry Office', 'applicable tax rules', 'Company issuing shares', 'Oporto Share Capital', 'Registered Office', 'tax number', 'INDÚSTRIA', 'regulated market', 'Sole registration', 'CMVM Regulation', 'Banco BPI', 'paying agent', 'Gross dividend', 'IRS/IRC withholding', 'FRV AE', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'The Board', 'RAMADA INVESTIMENTOS', 'record date', 'PAYMENT', 'DIVIDENDS', 'CASH', 'terms', 'purposes', 'provisions', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'year', 'accordance', 'rates', 'effect', 'Regulations', 'Code', 'Directors']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24151,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/2CRSI-44358422/news/2CRSi-SA-2022-2023-revenue-184m-43714286/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,2CRSi SA: 2022/2023 revenue: 184m,(marketscreener.com) 2CRSi SA2CRSi SA: 2022/2023 revenue: €184m 02-May-2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press release2022…,"2CRSi SA2CRSi SA: 2022/2023 revenue: €184m02-May-2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press release2022/2023 revenue: €184mStable activity in a demanding environment with component shortages still a factorConfirmation of targets for 2027/28: revenue to top €400m and EBITDA margin above 7%Strasbourg (France)  2 May 2023 - 2CRSi  a designer and manufacturer of high-performance energy-efficient IT servers  published its revenue for the 2022/2023 financial year ending 28 February 2023.IFRSIn € millions 2022/20231 March 2022 – 28 February 2023 2021/20221 March 2021 – 28 February 2022 Revenue 183.8 183.6""The 2022/2023 financial year took place in a particularly demanding environment. While sales momentum remained strong  our growth was hampered by persistent component shortages which led to delays in the execution and invoicing of orders. Nonetheless  we remain fully confident in our development prospects. Our technology solutions benefit from growing international recognition. They offer standout competitive advantages in terms of both power and energy performance  as reflected in our current high level of business with leading technology players looking for equipment that can be deployed on critical applications. This unique positioning underpins the targets we have set for 2027-2028 despite the current economic uncertainties. “ says Alain Wilmouth  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of 2CRSI.For the 2022/2023 financial year  2CRSi generated revenue of €184 million  stable compared with the previous financial year.Coming out below the announced target of €200m  this result reflects the impact of persistent shortages in electronic component supplies  which weighed on the execution of several orders that had initially been scheduled for the end of the financial year.Revenue forecasts have also been impacted by an unfavourable evolution of the dollar over the last four months. Despite this particularly demanding environment  sales momentum remained solid  particularly in the Defence  Cloud and scientific research sectors.Efforts to diversify the client portfolio were maintained: the Group's largest client accounts for 6% of revenue for the year  compared with 8% in 2021/22. The Group's top 10 clients account for 30% of revenue for the year  compared with 35% in 2021/22. The expansion of international positions continued  particularly in the United Kingdom and Central Europe.The level of activity recorded over the year and inflationary pressures automatically weighed on operating profitability for the year. As was the case in the first half of the year  the results are expected to also incorporate a revaluation of liabilities related to the acquisition of Boston Ltd and a change in the fair value of financial assets.For 2023  although it will remain cautious due to persistently mixed business conditions  2CRSi intends to continue making progress in executing its strategy and to speed up commercial transformation while maintaining strict discipline in terms of cost control and margin growth.Confirmation of targets for 2027/2028: surpass revenue of €400m with EBITDA margin above 7%.About 2CRSiFounded in Strasbourg  2CRSi Group designs  produces and markets high-performance  custom-made  eco-responsible computer servers. For the fiscal year 2022-2023  the Group generated revenues of 183.8 million euros. The Group now has approximately 390 employees and markets its innovative solutions (computing  storage and networking) in more than 50 countries. 2CRSi has been listed since June 2018 on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (ISIN Code: FR0013341781) and its shares were transferred to Euronext Growth on November 25  2022. For more information: www.2crsi.comContacts 2CRSi",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.03,0.78,True,English,"['2CRSi SA', 'revenue', 'high-performance, custom-made, eco-responsible computer servers', 'high-performance energy-efficient IT servers', 'French Regulatory News', 'standout competitive advantages', 'current economic uncertainties', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'last four months', 'scientific research sectors', 'electronic component supplies', 'growing international recognition', 'leading technology players', 'largest client accounts', 'current high level', 'mixed business conditions', '2022/2023 financial year', 'previous financial year', 'persistent component shortages', '2CRSi Group designs', 'persistent shortages', 'financial assets', 'technology solutions', 'client portfolio', 'international positions', 'Press release', 'demanding environment', 'EBITDA margin', 'sales momentum', 'development prospects', 'energy performance', 'critical applications', 'unique positioning', 'Alain Wilmouth', 'unfavourable evolution', 'top 10 clients', 'United Kingdom', 'Central Europe', 'inflationary pressures', 'operating profitability', 'first half', 'Boston Ltd', 'fair value', 'commercial transformation', 'strict discipline', 'cost control', '183.8 million euros', 'innovative solutions', 'regulated market', 'ISIN Code', 'fiscal year', 'EQS Group', 'The Group', 'margin growth', 'Stable activity', 'several orders', '2CRSi SA', 'Euronext Growth', 'Revenue forecasts', '18:00 CET', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'factor', 'Confirmation', 'targets', 'Strasbourg', 'France', '2 May', 'designer', 'manufacturer', '28 February', 'IFRS', 'millions', '1 March', 'place', 'delays', 'execution', 'invoicing', 'terms', 'power', 'equipment', 'Chairman', 'result', 'impact', 'end', 'dollar', 'Defence', 'Cloud', 'Efforts', 'expansion', 'case', 'revaluation', 'liabilities', 'acquisition', 'change', 'progress', 'strategy', 'revenues', '390 employees', 'storage', 'networking', '50 countries', 'June', 'Paris', 'shares', 'November', 'information', 'Contacts', '€']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24152,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEE-TECH-S-A-125277831/news/Dee-Tech-S-A-Rapport-financier-annuel-au-31-12-2022-format-xHTML-Telecharger-43706819/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Dee Tech S A : Rapport financier annuel au 31.12.2022 (format xHTML)Télécharger,(marketscreener.com)    HALF-YEARLY FINANCIAL REPORT     As of June 30  2022   0            CONTENTS       ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEE-TECH-S-A-125277831/news/Dee-Tech-S-A-Rapport-financier-annuel-au-31-12-…,"HALF-YEARLY FINANCIAL REPORT As of June 30  2022 0CONTENTS I. HALF-YEARLY MANAGEMENT REPORT 2 1. Activities of DEE Tech 2 1.1 Issuance and admission to trading of preferred shares and warrants on the professional segment (Compartiment Professionnel) of the regulated market of Euronext Paris 2 1.2 Completion of the issuance of the ABSAR Bs with qualified investors in France and abroad . 3 1.3 Composition of the share capital of DEE Tech and threshold crossing declarations 4 1.4 Transfer of part of the funds raised by the Company to a Committed Deposit Account 8 1.5 Company's operational activity for the half-year period ended on June 30  2022 9 2. Results and financial structure of the Company for the half-year period ended on June 30  2022 9 2.1 Results 9 2.2 Financial structure 10 3. Investments made 10 4. Significant events that have occurred since the reporting date 10 5. Risk factors 10 6. Related party agreements (conventions réglementées) 10 7. Outlooks and main uncertainties for the remaining six months of the year 10 CONDENSED HALF-YEARLY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF JUNE 30  2022 12 III. STATUTORY AUDITORS' REPORT 30 IV. CERTIFICATION OF THE PERSON RESPONSIBLE FOR THE HALF-YEARLY FINANCIAL REPORT 33 1HALF-YEARLY MANAGEMENT REPORT 1. Activities of DEE Tech 1.1 Issuance and admission to trading of preferred shares and warrants on the professional segment (Compartiment Professionnel) of the regulated market of Euronext Paris DEE Tech SA (the ""Company"") is special purpose acquisition company (""SPAC"")  incorporated as a société anonyme à Conseil d'administration under French law  registered on March 29  2021  whose historical shareholders are Mr. Marc Menasé  Mr. Michaël Benabou  Mr. Charles-Hubert de Chaudenay and also  MACSF Epargne Retraite1  and IDI2 (the ""Founders""). The Company was incorporated in view of carrying out  within 24 months of the admission to trading of its Class B Shares (as defined below)  one or more acquisitions  contributions  mergers  equity investments or any other transactions with an equivalent or similar effect involving the Company and one or more other companies or other legal entities  relating to securities  particularly equity securities  or assets (the ""Initial Business Combination"") in the field of technology  including activities focusing on digital and e-commerce solutions. In this perspective  the Combined Shareholders' Meeting of the Company's shareholders was convened on June 16  2021 (the ""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"") in order to adopt several decisions relating to the Company's governance structure  the modification of the Company's Articles of Association to meet the requirements linked to the admission of its securities to trading on a regulated market  and the implementation of several share capital increases. In particular  the Combined Shareholders' Meeting resolved to delegate to the Board of Directors the power to carry out the following acts: the issuance of redeemable preferred shares (the "" Class B Shares "" or "" B Preferred shares "") each accompanied by a redeemable warrant for ordinary shares of the Company (a "" BSAR B "" and  together with each B Share  an "" ABSAR B "") without preferential subscription right of shareholders reserved exclusively for categories of persons meeting specific characteristics  namely (i) qualified investors investing in companies and enterprises operating in the technology sector  and (ii) qualified investors meeting certain financial criteria;"" or "" "") each accompanied by a redeemable warrant for ordinary shares of the Company (a "" "" and  together with each B Share  an "" "") without preferential subscription right of shareholders reserved exclusively for categories of persons meeting specific characteristics  namely (i) qualified investors investing in companies and enterprises operating in the technology sector  and (ii) qualified investors meeting certain financial criteria; the issuance of (i) ordinary shares and (ii) ordinary shares each accompanied by a redeemable warrant for ordinary shares of the Company (a "" BSAR A "" and  together with each ordinary share  an "" ABSAR A "") with retention of the preferential right of subscription to the benefit of the Founders of the Company; and"" and  together with each ordinary share  an "" "") with retention of the preferential right of subscription to the benefit of the Founders of the Company; and the creation of several classes of preferred shares (the "" Class A1 Founders' Shares ""  the "" Class A2 Founders' Shares "" and the "" Class A3 Founders' Shares "") by converting all the ordinary shares held by the Founders of the Company. Following the Combined Shareholders' Meeting  the Company published a prospectus in the form of a single document approved by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on June 16  2021 under the number 21-228 (the ""Prospectus"") for the purposes of admission to trading on the professional segment (Compartiment Professionnel) of the regulated market of Euronext Paris: Represented by Mr. Roger Caniard Represented by Mr. Julien Bentz 2of the Class B Shares of the BSAR Bs  andof the ordinary shares of the Company that may result from (i) the automatic conversion of the Class A1 Founders' Shares  Class A2 Founders' Shares  Class A3 Founders'Shares and Class B Shares at the time of and after the completion of an Initial Business Combination and (ii) the exercise of the BSAR As and BSAR Bs  it being noted that the BSAR As and BSAR Bs will become exercisable from the date of completion of an Initial Business Combination  for a period of five years. The Prospectus is available on the Company's website (https://www.deetech.eu/) and on the website of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (https://www.amf-france.org/fr). 1.2 Completion of the issuance of the ABSAR Bs with qualified investors in France and abroad In a press release published on June 16  2021  the Company announced the launch of the offering of the ABSAR Bs in France and abroad  including in the United States  to qualified investors investing in companies and enterprises operating in the technology sector and/or qualified investors meeting at least two of the following three criteria: (i) a balance sheet total equal to or exceeding EUR 20 million  (ii) net revenue or net sales equal to or exceeding EUR 40 million  and/or (iii) equity capital equal to or exceeding EUR 2 million. In a press release dated on June 23  2021  the Company announced the success of the issuance of the ASBAR Bs for a total amount of EUR 165 000 000  as well as the closing of the issuance on that same day. Upon the closing  on the basis of indications of interest received during the offering period and in accordance with the decisions of the Combined Shareholders' Meeting and the powers delegated to it by that meeting  the Company's Board of Directors met on June 23  2021 in order to proceed with: the issuance of 16 500 000 ABSAR Bs to the benefit of qualified investors meeting the above-mentioned criteria  at a price of EUR 10.00 each  i.e. a nominal value of one euro cent (EUR 0.01) and an issue premium of nine euros and ninety-nine cents (EUR 9.99) for each ABSA B  representing a share capital increase of a nominal amount of EUR 165 000 and a total amount of EUR 165 000 000  including the issue premium;above-mentioned criteria  at a price of EUR 10.00 each  i.e. a nominal value of one euro cent (EUR 0.01) and an issue premium of nine euros and ninety-nine cents (EUR 9.99) for each ABSA B  representing a share capital increase of a nominal amount of EUR 165 000 and a total amount of EUR 165 000 000  including the issue premium; the issuance of 536 410 ABSAR As to the benefit of the Founders of the Company  at a price of EUR 10.00 each  representing a share capital increase of a nominal amount of EUR 5 364.10 and a total amount of EUR 5 364 100  including the issue premium; andthe issuance of 329 278 ordinary shares of the Company to the benefit of the Founders of the Company  at a price of one euro cent (EUR 0.01) each  representing a share capital increase of a nominal amount of EUR 3 292.78 and a total amount of EUR 3 292.78  including the issue premium. The settlement and delivery of the ABSAR Bs took place on June 25  2021. On that date  the BSAR Bs were detached from the Class B Shares and they were both admitted to trading on the professional segment (Compartiment Professionnel) of the regulated market of Euronext Paris. Simultaneously with the above  on June 25  2021  the BSAR As were detached from the ordinary shares aggregated in the ABSAR As and all of the ordinary shares held by the Founders of the Company were converted into Class A1  A2 and A3 Founders' Shares. It is recalled that the Company has a 24 month-period of from the date of settlement and delivery of the Class B Shares admitted to trading on the professional segment (Compartiment 3",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Dee Tech S A', 'Rapport financier', 'Euronext Paris DEE Tech SA', 'Mr. Michaël Benabou', 'Mr. Charles-Hubert de Chaudenay', 'des Marchés Financiers', '10 CONDENSED HALF-YEARLY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS', 'special purpose acquisition company', 'several share capital increases', ""Class A1 Founders' Shares"", ""Class A3 Founders' Shares"", 'Mr. Marc Menasé', 'Mr. Roger Caniard', 'Mr. Julien Bentz', 'HALF-YEARLY MANAGEMENT REPORT', 'threshold crossing declarations', 'Committed Deposit Account', 'Related party agreements', ""STATUTORY AUDITORS' REPORT"", 'MACSF Epargne Retraite', 'Initial Business Combination', 'HALF-YEARLY FINANCIAL REPORT', 'Class A2 Founders', 'other legal entities', 'Class B Shares', ""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'remaining six months', 'B Preferred shares', 'redeemable preferred shares', 'preferential subscription right', 'preferential right', 'several decisions', 'several classes', 'financial structure', 'financial criteria', 'BSAR B', 'ordinary shares', 'other transactions', 'redeemable warrant', 'historical shareholders', 'professional segment', 'Compartiment Professionnel', 'regulated market', 'operational activity', 'half-year period', 'Significant events', 'reporting date', 'Risk factors', 'main uncertainties', 'société', 'French law', 'similar effect', 'e-commerce solutions', 'governance structure', 'following acts', 'specific characteristics', 'BSAR A', 'single document', 'qualified investors', 'other companies', 'technology sector', 'equity investments', 'equity securities', '24 months', 'June', 'CONTENTS', 'Activities', 'Issuance', 'trading', 'warrants', 'Completion', 'France', 'Composition', 'Transfer', 'funds', 'Results', 'conventions', 'Outlooks', 'CERTIFICATION', 'PERSON', 'SPAC', 'Conseil', 'administration', 'IDI2', 'view', 'acquisitions', 'contributions', 'mergers', 'equivalent', 'assets', 'field', 'digital', 'perspective', 'order', 'modification', 'Articles', 'Association', 'requirements', 'implementation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'power', 'without', 'categories', 'enterprises', 'retention', 'benefit', 'creation', 'prospectus', 'form', 'number', 'purposes', '2.2']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24153,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAREHOUSES-ESTATES-BELGIU-6107/news/Warehouses-Estates-Belgium-S-A-Rapport-Financier-Annuel-2022-31-12-EN-43707477/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Warehouses Estates Belgium S A : Rapport Financier Annuel 2022 (31/12) EN,(marketscreener.com)   FINANCIAL ANNUAL REPORT | 2022       IDENTIFICATION      Name     Warehouses Estates Belgium   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAREHOUSES-ESTATES-BELGIU-6107/news/Warehouses-Estates-Belgium-S-A-Rappor…,PROFILEWEB SA has been listed on Euronext Brussels since 01 October 1998. In accordance with its investment strategy  WEB SA invests in property in Belgium.WEB SA's business activities consist of making its properties available to users. Most of these are operating leases  with WEB SA retaining the risks and benefits associated with the ownership of investment properties. The rents received are recognised as rental income on a straight-line basis over the duration of the rental contract. WEB SA has also entered into four(4) long lease contracts.Through its activities  WEB SA aims to enhance and increase its property assets  with particular focus on commercial  office and logistics properties. WEB SA is currently one of the investment and property management specialists in these categories. 05 WEB SA has a portfolio of 110 properties (excluding projects under development) representinga total surface area of 304 577 m² (excluding land). The fair value of this property portfolio amounts to €300 778 918 as at 31 December 2022.Since its initial public listing 24 years ago  WEB SA has offered its shareholders a remarkable return  despite the sometimes difficult socio-economic situations. It intends to continue its development by favouring the composition of a stable portfolio  creating value and long-term growth and generating income in line with its dividend policy. WEB SA will continue to adopt a cautious and selective position in the choice of its investments so that they are always carried out under conditions particularly favourable for its shareholders  while taking into account the potential associated risks.As at 31 December 2022 the market capitalisation of the Company was €116 204 568.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.32,0.66,True,English,"['Warehouses Estates Belgium S A', 'Rapport Financier Annuel', 'EN', 'total surface area', 'initial public listing', 'difficult socio-economic situations', 'property management specialists', 'potential associated risks', 'WEB SA', 'Euronext Brussels', 'operating leases', 'straight-line basis', 'rental contract', 'property assets', 'particular focus', 'remarkable return', 'long-term growth', 'selective position', 'market capitalisation', 'investment strategy', 'property portfolio', 'stable portfolio', 'business activities', 'rental income', 'logistics properties', 'fair value', 'investment properties', '110 properties', 'PROFILE', '01 October', 'accordance', 'Belgium', 'users', 'benefits', 'ownership', 'rents', 'duration', 'four', 'office', 'categories', 'projects', 'development', '304,577 m²', 'land', '31 December', 'shareholders', 'composition', 'policy', 'cautious', 'choice', 'investments', 'conditions', 'account', 'Company']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24154,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/02/2658760/0/en/RIBER-New-MBE-system-order-for-industrial-semiconductor-markets.html,RIBER: New MBE system order for industrial semiconductor markets,PRESS RELEASE  New MBE system order for industrial semiconductor markets RIBER receives an order for an MBE 6000 production machine in Asia  Bezons ...,French EnglishPRESS RELEASENew MBE system order for industrial semiconductor marketsRIBER receives an order for an MBE 6000 production machine in AsiaBezons  May 2  2023 – 8am – RIBER  a global market leader for molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) equipment serving the semiconductor industry  is announcing an order for a MBE 6000 production system in Asia for an amount of several million euros.A new Asian industrial customer has just ordered a MBE 6000 system to acquire a production capacity for advanced electronic components for telecommunications and datacom.This new firm order for a MBE 6000 is in line with the current dynamics of the MBE industrial markets.With around forty machines in operation worldwide  the MBE 6000 is the benchmark MBE system for the mass-production of electronic and optoelectronic components used in telecommunications and in fiber optic networks.This new order will be delivered in 2024.About RIBERRIBER is the global market leader for MBE - molecular beam epitaxy - equipment. It designs and produces equipment for the semiconductor industry and provides scientific and technical support for its clients (hardware and software)  maintaining their equipment and optimizing their performance and output levels.Accelerating the performance of electronics  RIBER’s equipment performs an essential role in the development of advanced semiconductor systems that are used in numerous applications  from information technologies to photonics (lasers  sensors  etc.)  5G telecommunications networks and research including the field of quantum computing.RIBER is a BPI France-approved innovative company and is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market (ISIN: FR0000075954).www.riber.comContactsRIBER Elizabeth Melikian| tel: +33 (0)1 39 96 65 00 | invest@riber.comCALYPTUS Cyril Combe | tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 | cyril.combe@calyptus.netAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['New MBE system order', 'industrial semiconductor markets', 'RIBER', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'new Asian industrial customer', 'New MBE system order', 'global market leader', 'molecular beam epitaxy', 'several million euros', 'fiber optic networks', 'CALYPTUS Cyril Combe', 'industrial semiconductor markets', 'MBE industrial markets', 'advanced semiconductor systems', 'new firm order', 'benchmark MBE system', 'MBE 6000 production machine', 'MBE 6000 production system', '5G telecommunications networks', 'advanced electronic components', 'RIBER Elizabeth Melikian', 'new order', 'MBE 6000 system', 'production capacity', 'semiconductor industry', 'optoelectronic components', 'French English', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'current dynamics', 'forty machines', 'technical support', 'output levels', 'essential role', 'numerous applications', 'information technologies', 'quantum computing', 'innovative company', 'Asia Bezons', 'MBE) equipment', '8am', 'amount', 'datacom', 'line', 'operation', 'mass-production', 'scientific', 'clients', 'hardware', 'software', 'performance', 'electronics', 'development', 'photonics', 'lasers', 'sensors', 'research', 'field', 'Contacts', 'Attachment', '1']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,globenewswire.com
24155,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALLOUREC-444831/news/Valeria-Fernandes-appointed-Chief-Digital-Information-Officer-43706639/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Valeria Fernandes appointed Chief Digital & Information Officer,(marketscreener.com)                       Valeria Fernandes appointed Chief Digital & Information Officer Meudon   May 2  2023 - Vallourec announces the appointment of Valeria Fernandes as Digital & Information Systems Director. She succeeds Naïla Giovanni a…,"Valeria Fernandes appointed Chief Digital & Information OfficerMeudon (France)  May 2  2023 - Vallourec announces the appointment of Valeria Fernandes as Digital & Information Systems Director. She succeeds Naïla Giovanni and joins the Executive Committee.Philippe Guillemot  Chairman of the Board of Directors  and Chief Executive Officer of Vallourec  said: ""I am delighted to welcome Valeria to the Group and the Executive Committee. Valeria has an extensive international career in IS/IT including a strong focus on Digital. Her passion for technology  her significant experience in leading change at the highest levels and her exposure to our main geographies will be a major contribution for the Group. I would also like to thank Naïla Giovanni for her engagement at Vallourec.”About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting-edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 16 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive  and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service. In the United States  Vallourec has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between the ADR and the ordinary share is 5:1.For further information  please contact:Investor relationsInvestor.relations@vallourec.comPress relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)6 45 45 19 67heloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.comIndividual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 800 505 110actionnaires@vallourec.comAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.8,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['Valeria Fernandes', 'Chief Digital', 'Information Officer', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'Héloïse Rothenbühler', 'new generation power plants', 'new technological frontiers', 'Naïla Giovanni', 'extensive international career', 'premium tubular solutions', 'demanding industrial applications', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'cutting-edge R&D', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'smart tubular solutions', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Toll Free Number', 'Information Officer Meudon', 'Information Systems Director', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Executive Committee', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'strong focus', 'significant experience', 'highest levels', 'main geographies', 'major contribution', 'world leader', 'energy markets', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid', 'Next 150 indices', 'United States', 'ordinary share', 'Individual shareholders', 'Chief Digital', 'Press relations', 'Valeria Fernandes', 'Ticker VK', 'Investor relations', 'Vallourec Vallourec', 'France', 'May', 'appointment', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Group', 'IS/IT', 'technology', 'change', 'exposure', 'engagement', 'oil', 'challenging', 'close', '16,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'hand', 'customers', 'tubes', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'Tel', 'rothenbuhler', 'Attachment']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24156,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RIBER-4786/news/RIBER-New-MBE-system-order-for-industrial-semiconductor-markets-43706477/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,RIBER: New MBE system order for industrial semiconductor markets,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE New MBE system order for industrial semiconductor markets RIBER receives an order for an MBE 6000 production machine in Asia Bezons  May 2  2023 – 8am – RIBER  a global market leader for molecular beam epitaxy equipment serv…,PRESS RELEASENew MBE system order for industrial semiconductor marketsRIBER receives an order for an MBE 6000 production machine in AsiaBezons  May 2  2023 – 8am – RIBER  a global market leader for molecular beam epitaxy (MBE) equipment serving the semiconductor industry  is announcing an order for a MBE 6000 production system in Asia for an amount of several million euros.A new Asian industrial customer has just ordered a MBE 6000 system to acquire a production capacity for advanced electronic components for telecommunications and datacom.This new firm order for a MBE 6000 is in line with the current dynamics of the MBE industrial markets.With around forty machines in operation worldwide  the MBE 6000 is the benchmark MBE system for the mass-production of electronic and optoelectronic components used in telecommunications and in fiber optic networks.This new order will be delivered in 2024.About RIBERRIBER is the global market leader for MBE - molecular beam epitaxy - equipment. It designs and produces equipment for the semiconductor industry and provides scientific and technical support for its clients (hardware and software)  maintaining their equipment and optimizing their performance and output levels.Accelerating the performance of electronics  RIBER’s equipment performs an essential role in the development of advanced semiconductor systems that are used in numerous applications  from information technologies to photonics (lasers  sensors  etc.)  5G telecommunications networks and research including the field of quantum computing.RIBER is a BPI France-approved innovative company and is listed on the Euronext Growth Paris market (ISIN: FR0000075954).www.riber.comContactsRIBER Elizabeth Melikian| tel: +33 (0)1 39 96 65 00 | invest@riber.comCALYPTUS Cyril Combe | tel: +33 (0)1 53 65 68 68 | cyril.combe@calyptus.netAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['New MBE system order', 'industrial semiconductor markets', 'RIBER', 'BPI France-approved innovative company', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'new Asian industrial customer', 'New MBE system order', 'global market leader', 'several million euros', 'fiber optic networks', 'CALYPTUS Cyril Combe', 'industrial semiconductor markets', 'MBE industrial markets', 'advanced semiconductor systems', 'new firm order', 'benchmark MBE system', 'molecular beam epitaxy', 'MBE 6000 production machine', 'MBE 6000 production system', '5G telecommunications networks', 'advanced electronic components', 'RIBER Elizabeth Melikian', 'new order', 'MBE 6000 system', 'production capacity', 'semiconductor industry', 'optoelectronic components', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'current dynamics', 'forty machines', 'technical support', 'output levels', 'essential role', 'numerous applications', 'information technologies', 'quantum computing', 'Asia Bezons', 'MBE) equipment', '8am', 'amount', 'datacom', 'line', 'operation', 'mass-production', 'scientific', 'clients', 'hardware', 'software', 'performance', 'electronics', 'development', 'photonics', 'lasers', 'sensors', 'research', 'field', 'Contacts', 'Attachment', '1']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24157,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/02/2659556/0/en/Fnac-Darty-Information-on-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares.html,Fnac Darty: Information on the total number of voting rights and shares,Ivry  May 2nd  2023  Regulated information  INFORMATION ON THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARES  Statement in compliance with article L. 233-8...,English FrenchIvry  May 2nd  2023Regulated informationINFORMATION ON THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTING RIGHTS AND SHARESStatement in compliance with article L. 233-8 II of the French commercial code and article 223- 16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF – Autorité des marchés financiers)Stock Market Euronext ParisISIN Code FR0011476928DateTotal number of shares composing the share capital of the company Total number of gross voting rightsTotal number of net voting rights (*) 30/04/2023 26 871 853 26 871 853 26 711 773(*) Net = After deduction of the shares deprived of voting rightIn accordance with Article 9 of the Company's Articles of Association  any physical or legal person  acting alone or in concert  who comes to hold  or ceases to hold  directly or indirectly  a percentage of the company's capital or voting rights equal to or greater than 3% or any multiple of 1% above 3%  is required to inform the company by registered letter with return receipt requested within the time limit provided for in Article R. 233-1 of the French Commercial Code (i.e.  as of today  at the latest before the close of trading on the fourth trading day following the day on which the shareholding threshold is crossed).Under the terms of the twentieth resolution of the General Meeting of 29 May 2015  it was decided not to grant any double voting rights as instituted by law 2014-384 of 29 March 2014.CONTACTANALYSTS /INVESTORS investisseurs@fnacdarty.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['Fnac Darty', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', 'Stock Market Euronext Paris', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'des marchés financiers', 'French commercial code', 'gross voting rights', 'double voting rights', 'net voting rights', 'fourth trading day', 'English French', 'ISIN Code', 'TOTAL NUMBER', 'General Regulation', 'legal person', 'return receipt', 'time limit', 'shareholding threshold', 'twentieth resolution', 'General Meeting', 'INVESTORS investisseurs', 'Regulated information', 'article L.', 'share capital', 'Article R.', '29 March', 'Ivry', 'May', 'THE', 'SHARES', 'Statement', 'compliance', 'AMF', 'Date', 'company', 'deduction', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'physical', 'concert', 'percentage', 'letter', 'today', 'close', 'terms', 'law', 'CONTACT', 'ANALYSTS', 'Attachment']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,globenewswire.com
24158,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALTRI-SGPS-S-A-5808/news/Altri-SGPS-S-A-announces-payment-of-dividends-in-cash-and-in-kind-43714537/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Altri SGPS S A : announces payment of dividends in cash and in kind,(marketscreener.com)      8.12719     Greenvolt Shares                  ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALTRI-SGPS-S-A-5808/news/Altri-SGPS-S-A-announces-payment-of-dividends-in-cash-and-in-kind-43714537/?utm_medium=R…,"ALTRI  SGPS  S.A.Company issuing shares admitted to trading on a regulated marketRegistered Office: Rua Manuel Pinto de Azevedo  818  PortoShare Capital: Euro 25.641.459Registered in the Oporto Commercial Registry Office under the single registration and taxpayer number 507 172 086ANNOUNCEMENTPAYMENT OF DIVIDENDS IN CASH AND IN KINDAt ALTRI's Shareholders Annual General Meeting  held on April 28  2023  the proposal was approved  which established that the total net profit for the year 2022 would be allocated to the distribution to ALTRI shareholders of 23 154 783 shares representative of part of the share capital of GREENVOLT - ENERGIAS RENOVÁVEIS  S.A. (""GREENVOLT"") and that  in addition  a dividend in cash in the amount of 51 282 918 Euro  would be distributed to shareholders  resulting in the payment of a gross cash dividend of 0.25 Euros per share.Under the terms and for the purposes of the Portuguese Securities Market Commission Regulation no. 1/2023  ALTRI  SGPS  S.A. (""ALTRI"" or ""Company"") informs the Shareholders that  as of May 24  2023  payment of the deliberated distributions will be made  with Caixa - Banco de Investimento  S.A. as the paying agent.P AYMENT OF D IVIDENDS IN K INDALTRI's Board of Directors  pursuant to the delegation of powers approved by the shareholders at the aforementioned Shareholders Annual General Meeting  established the following terms and conditions for the attribution of GREENVOLT shares to ALTRI's shareholders:Last trading day of ALTRI shares with right to dividends : May 15  2023As of May 16  2023 (inclusive)  ALTRI shares will be traded at Euronext Lisbon without granting the right to such dividend",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Altri SGPS S A', 'payment', 'dividends', 'cash', 'kind', 'Rua Manuel Pinto de Azevedo', 'Portuguese Securities Market Commission Regulation', 'S.A. Company issuing shares', 'Oporto Commercial Registry Office', 'Shareholders Annual General Meeting', 'Banco de Investimento', 'total net profit', 'ENERGIAS RENOVÁVEIS', 'Last trading day', 'gross cash dividend', 'Porto Share Capital', 'regulated market', 'Registered Office', 'single registration', 'taxpayer number', 'paying agent', 'P AYMENT', 'D IVIDENDS', 'K IND', 'Euronext Lisbon', 'ALTRI shares', 'following terms', 'ALTRI shareholders', '23,154,783 shares', 'SGPS', 'ANNOUNCEMENT', 'PAYMENT', 'DIVIDENDS', 'KIND', 'April', 'proposal', 'year', 'distribution', 'part', 'GREENVOLT', 'addition', 'amount', '51,282,918 Euro', '0.25 Euros', 'purposes', 'May', 'Caixa', 'Board', 'Directors', 'delegation', 'powers', 'conditions', 'right']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24159,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/02/2659689/0/en/Technicolor-Creative-Studios-availability-of-a-prospectus-approved-by-the-French-Autorit%C3%A9-des-march%C3%A9s-financiers-under-number-23-139.html,Technicolor Creative Studios: availability of a prospectus approved by the French Autorité des marchés financiers under number 23-139,May 2  2023    Technicolor Creative Studios: availability of a prospectus approved by the French Autorité des marchés financiers under number 23-139 ......,English FrenchMay 2  2023Technicolor Creative Studios: availability of a prospectus approved by the French Autorité des marchés financiers under number 23-139Technicolor Creative Studios (the “Company”)  announces that the AMF gave on May 2  2023 approval number 23-139 to its prospectus (the “Prospectus”) made available to the public in connection with the admission to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris of :a maximum number of 2 004 500 355 new ordinary shares to be issued in the context of a share capital increase by waiver of the shareholders’ preferential subscription right and exclusively reserved for the holders of receivables against the Company under the reinstated term facilities  for a gross minimum amount  including issuance premium  of €29 999 999.77  with a minimum unit issuance price of €0.014966323 per new ordinary share  to be liberated entirely by set-off of receivables (the “ Share Capital Increase ”);”); a maximum number of 501 125 088 new ordinary shares which may be issued upon exercise of a maximum number of 501 125 088 warrants of the Company  to be granted  free of charge  by the Company for the exclusive benefit of the lenders committed to providing the new money term facilities  to be exercised at an exercise price of €0.01 per new ordinary share  to be liberated by set-off of receivables  (the “ New Money Warrants ”);”); a maximum number of 1 503 375 266 new ordinary shares which may be issued upon conversion of the 300 675 053 convertible notes which may be converted into new shares  to be subscribed by the beneficiaries of the convertible notes  by cash contribution and set-off of receivables (the “Convertible Notes”).The Share Capital Increase  the issuance and grant of the New Money Warrants and the issuance of the Convertible Notes remain subject to the approval by the Company’s shareholders of resolutions n°13 to 25 of the Company’s extraordinary general meeting which will be held on May 15  2023 (the “General Meeting”).The completion of each of these issuances forms an indivisible whole  such that if any could not be completed  none of the others could then be completed.The completion of the Share Capital Increase  the issuance and grant of the New Money Warrants and the issuance of the Convertible Notes is due to take place before the end of Q2 2023 and by July 31  2023 at the latest  concurrently with all the transactions planned at this date.It is specified that under the terms of the conciliation protocol signed on March 27  2023  between the Company  its lenders and its shareholders  approved by a judgment of the Commercial Court of Paris dated March 29  2023 (the “Protocol”)  the main shareholders1 of the Company (holding together  at the date of approval of the Prospectus  64.6% of the share capital and exercisable voting rights of the Company)  have each committed to vote in favor of the Share Capital Increase.In addition  these main shareholders1 (holding together  as of the date of approval of the Prospectus  64.6% of the share capital and exercisable voting rights of the Company) and the shareholder-lenders2 (other than these main shareholders  holding together  as of the date of approval of the Prospectus  22.0% of the Company's share capital and exercisable voting rights)  have each committed to vote :in favor of the prior share capital reduction that would be carried out by way of a reduction of the par value of the Company's shares from 0.50 euro (its current amount) to 0.01 euro;in favor of the resolutions relating to the issuance of the Convertible Notes (subject to the application of the obligations not to take part in the vote on the resolutions relating to the issuance of Convertible Notes concerning them (each for the two resolutions that concern them) and which will therefore apply to Vantiva  Angelo Gordon &Co. L.P.’s affiliates  Bpifrance Participations S.A.  Briarwood Chase Management LLC’s affiliates and Barclays Bank Ireland); andin favor of the issuance of the New Money Warrants.The Prospectus consists of the universal registration document (document d’enregistrement universel) of the Company  approved by the AMF on April 21  2023 under number R. 23-013  the securities note (note d’opération) (the “Securities Note”)  and the summary of the prospectus (included in the Securities Note).The Prospectus is available on the Company’s website www.technicolorcreative.com (under the heading “Investors” - “Financial information” - “Regulated Information”) and at its corporate head office: 8-10  rue du Renard  75004 Paris  France. It is also available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org).***ABOUT TECHNICOLOR CREATIVE STUDIOSTechnicolor Creativse Studios shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCHCS)Technicolor Creative Studios is a creative technology company providing world-class production expertise driven by one purpose: The realization of ambitious and extraordinary ideas. Home to a network of award-winning studios  MPC  The Mill  Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games  we inspire creative companies across the world to produce their most iconic work.Our global teams of artists and technologists partner with the creative community across film  television  animation  gaming  brand experience and advertising to bring the universal art of storytelling to audiences everywhere.www.technicolorcreative.com1 These main shareholders are Vantiva S.A.  Angelo  Gordon & Co.  L.P.  AG International Investment Opportunities Platform Fund I DAC  Bpifrance Participations S.A.  Briarwood Chase Management LLC  and Barclays Bank Ireland.2 These shareholder-lenders are the other current lenders who are shareholders of the Company on the signature date of the Procotol or on the date of the General Meeting.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.78,0.19,0.03,True,English,"['French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Technicolor Creative Studios', 'availability', 'prospectus', 'number', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Bpifrance Participations S.A.', 'Briarwood Chase Management LLC', 'shareholders’ preferential subscription right', 'Technicolor Creativse Studios shares', 'prior share capital reduction', 'new money term facilities', 'minimum unit issuance price', 'The Share Capital Increase', 'Technicolor Creative Studios', 'gross minimum amount', 'exercisable voting rights', 'Co. L.P.', 'Barclays Bank Ireland', 'corporate head office', 'rue du Renard', 'world-class production expertise', 'new ordinary share', 'New Money Warrants', 'universal registration document', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'creative technology company', 'English French', 'new shares', 'award-winning studios', 'exercise price', 'current amount', 'extraordinary ideas', 'The Mill', 'regulated market', 'exclusive benefit', '300,675,053 convertible notes', 'cash contribution', 'indivisible whole', 'Commercial Court', 'main shareholders1', 'par value', 'Angelo Gordon', 'enregistrement universel', 'opération', 'Financial information', 'Regulated Information', 'one purpose', 'Mikros Animation', 'maximum number', 'number R.', 'securities note', 'The Prospectus', 'conciliation protocol', 'issuance premium', 'two resolutions', 'Euronext Paris', '501,125,088 warrants', '75004 Paris', 'availability', 'AMF', 'May', 'approval', 'public', 'connection', 'context', 'waiver', 'receivables', 'set-off', 'charge', 'lenders', 'conversion', 'beneficiaries', 'grant', 'completion', 'issuances', 'none', 'others', 'place', 'Q2', 'July', 'transactions', 'date', 'terms', 'judgment', 'favor', 'addition', 'way', '0.50 euro', '0.01 euro', 'application', 'obligations', 'vote', 'Vantiva', 'affiliates', 'April', 'summary', 'website', 'heading', 'Investors', 'org', 'realization', 'ambitious', 'network', 'MPC']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,globenewswire.com
24160,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/Bunker-Hill-Community-College-Selects-Quadient-Smart-Lockers-to-Provide-Students-with-Flexible-Priv-43714108/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Bunker Hill Community College Selects Quadient Smart Lockers to Provide Students with Flexible  Private Access to Food,(marketscreener.com) Quadient   a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels and a major global parcel locker operator  announced today that Bunker Hill Community College   a public community coll…,Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels and a major global parcel locker operator  announced today that Bunker Hill Community College (BHCC)  a public community college in Boston  Massachusetts serving a diverse student population of over 16 000  has selected Parcel Pending by Quadient refrigerated lockers to expand its successful DISH Food Pantry program that assists students struggling with food insecurity.With two main campuses in Charlestown and Chelsea  three satellite campuses and several instructional centers throughout the Greater Boston Area  BHCC is the largest community college in Massachusetts. More than half of BHCC’s student population struggles with food insecurity  which prompted the college to launch the food pantry program. BHCC wanted to provide a flexible  private way for students who need food assistance to access their food pantry orders. To meet this need  the school researched various parcel locker solutions from around the world and ultimately selected Quadient. Three Quadient locker stations were installed on the Charlestown campus in April 2022  and last week the program expanded with a new locker station on the Chelsea campus.“Our students are incredibly busy. They work demanding jobs and  many times  are only available after business hours or on the weekend ” said Molly Hansen  senior special programs coordinator for Bunker Hill Community College. “We wanted to come up with a way for students to access their food pantry orders within a time schedule that worked for them and for the staff at Bunker Hill.”Within three months after partnering with Quadient  BHCC installed the three smart locker towers at Charlestown. Two refrigerated towers provide storage for perishable items like fresh produce and frozen items  while the remaining tower on that campus is available for items such as dry food and hygiene products. The lockers serve 50-60 students per week and provide convenient access to essential items while reducing the anxiety around food insecurity. When their orders are ready for pick-up  students receive a text notification and can retrieve them discreetly and at the best time according to their schedules.“The feedback that we’ve received on both the lockers and the inventory has been incredibly positive. Our students love the flexibility and how easy it is to use the lockers ” Hansen said.Before using the smart lockers  Hansen had to schedule individual orders via multiple communication methods and facilitate pick-ups in person  which proved to be an inefficient system. Now  Hansen and her staff are able to coordinate and fulfill orders with greater ease. With Quadient’s back-end cloud-based software  staff check on locker inventory at any time. The lockers are also used to accept food donation drop-offs.“Parcel Pending by Quadient’s locker systems are not your standard locker offering because they are designed and engineered specifically to meet an organization’s unique storage needs ” said Austin Maddox  executive vice president  sales and operations North America  Quadient. “In the case of BHCC  we are honored to provide a solution that not only fullfills a critical need  but also brings efficiency to the staff and flexibility and dignity to the students.”Quadient has more than 18 000 parcel locker stations installed worldwide in the multifamily property  retail  higher education  corporate and courier segments.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1-866-883-4260 Ext. 1590 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.01,0.43,True,English,"['Bunker Hill Community College', 'Quadient Smart Lockers', 'Flexible, Private Access', 'Students', 'Food', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'major global parcel locker operator', 'successful DISH Food Pantry program', 'senior special programs coordinator', 'three key solution areas', 'various parcel locker solutions', 'three smart locker towers', 'Bunker Hill Community College', 'Three Quadient locker stations', '18,000 parcel locker stations', 'public community college', 'largest community college', 'Two refrigerated towers', 'three satellite campuses', 'new locker station', 'standard locker offering', 'meaningful customer connections', 'two main campuses', 'several instructional centers', 'multiple communication methods', 'back-end cloud-based software', 'executive vice president', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'customer experience excellence', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'food donation drop-offs', 'food pantry orders', 'diverse student population', 'flexible, private way', 'unique storage needs', 'Greater Boston Area', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'Quadient refrigerated lockers', 'Parcel Pending', 'three months', 'locker systems', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'locker inventory', 'food insecurity', 'food assistance', 'dry food', 'smart lockers', 'greater ease', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'business hours', 'fresh produce', 'remaining tower', 'convenient access', 'text notification', 'individual orders', 'inefficient system', 'Austin Maddox', 'North America', 'multifamily property', 'higher education', 'courier segments', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'perishable items', 'frozen items', 'essential items', 'time schedule', 'best time', 'critical need', 'Joe Scolaro', 'Molly Hansen', 'Chelsea campus', '50-60 students', 'Charlestown campus', 'Quadient®', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'digital', 'BHCC', 'Massachusetts', 'More', 'half', 'school', 'world', 'April', 'jobs', 'weekend', 'staff', 'products', 'anxiety', 'pick-up', 'schedules', 'feedback', 'flexibility', 'organization', 'sales', 'operations', 'case', 'efficiency', 'dignity', 'retail', 'corporate', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'customers', 'quest', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Communications', 'Ext.', 'Attachments']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24161,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COFINIMMO-5977/news/Cofinimmo-acquires-a-newly-built-medical-office-building-in-the-Netherlands-43714159/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Cofinimmo : acquires a newly-built medical office building in the Netherlands,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Brussels  02.05.2023  05:40 p.m. CET   Cofinimmo acquires a newly-built medical office building in the Netherlands   The Cofinimmo group has acquired a newly-built  fully operational medical office building in…,"Jean-PierreHanin  CEO of Cofinimmo: ""With this investment  we continue to actively participate in the expansion and renewal of the healthcare real estate portfolio in Europe  and more particularly in the Netherlands. The building  which meets very high ESG standards  allows us to welcome new tenants to our Dutch portfolio.""The Cofinimmo group (Euronext Brussels: COFB) has acquired a newly-built  fully operational medical office building in Sittard  in the province of Limburg (Netherlands)  for approximately 5 million EUR. This new site is fully let to several healthcare providers.PRESS RELEASEBrussels  02.05.2023  05:40 p.m. CET1. The siteMedisch Centrum De Baandert is located in a green area near the centre of Sittard  a municipality of over 37 000 inhabitants in the Dutch province of Limburg. A contemporary  multi-functional building combining several healthcare functions now stands on the site of the former De Baandert community centre.This completely new and operational medical centre has a surface area of over 1 700 m². It was built considering high ESG criteria: renewable energy sources  remotely readable meters  solar panels  rainwater harvesting system  and heat pumps. The building has a very good energy performance of A++.Located near restaurants  shops and a park  the centre is easily accessible by public transport (railway station at 1 km) and by bicycle from the centre of Sittard  which is only 400 metres away.2. The transactionCofinimmo has acquired  via a subsidiary  the above-mentioned medical consultation centre in Sittard  in the Dutch province of Limburg  for approximately 5 million EUR.The amount for this investment is included in the investment envelope under due diligence  included in the investment estimate for 2023  as published in section 11.1 of press release dated 17.02.2023 and confirmed in the quarterly press release of 28.04.2023.A double net lease1 has been signed with each care provider in the centre for a weighted average lease length of approximately 13 years. The rents will be indexed according to the Dutch consumer price index. The gross rental yield is approximately 6%.3. The operatorMedisch Centrum De Baandert is a multi-tenant building. A general practice  a pharmacy and a physiotherapy practice are grouped together here.1 The owner primarily bears the maintenance costs for the roof and the building structure.2",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['medical office building', 'Cofinimmo', 'Netherlands', 'former De Baandert community centre', 'Medisch Centrum De Baandert', 'Dutch consumer price index', 'healthcare real estate portfolio', 'operational medical office building', 'several healthcare providers', 'several healthcare functions', 'high ESG standards', 'high ESG criteria', 'renewable energy sources', 'rainwater harvesting system', 'good energy performance', 'double net lease1', 'average lease length', 'gross rental yield', 'operational medical centre', 'medical consultation centre', 'contemporary, multi-functional building', 'quarterly press release', 'The Cofinimmo group', 'Dutch portfolio', 'Dutch province', 'multi-tenant building', 'building structure', 'green area', 'surface area', 'readable meters', 'solar panels', 'heat pumps', 'public transport', 'railway station', 'due diligence', 'maintenance costs', 'new tenants', 'Euronext Brussels', 'investment envelope', 'investment estimate', 'general practice', 'new site', 'Jean-PierreHanin', 'CEO', 'expansion', 'renewal', 'Europe', 'Netherlands', 'COFB', 'Sittard', 'Limburg', '5 million', 'CET', 'municipality', '37,000 inhabitants', 'A++', 'restaurants', 'shops', 'park', '1 km', 'bicycle', 'transaction', 'subsidiary', 'amount', 'section', '13 years', 'rents', 'operator', 'owner', 'roof', '05:40', '1,700']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24162,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECHNICOLOR-CREATIVE-STUD-143774950/news/Technicolor-Creative-Studios-availability-of-a-prospectus-approved-by-the-French-Autorite-des-march-43714983/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Technicolor Creative Studios: availability of a prospectus approved by the French Autorité des marchés financiers under number 23-139,(marketscreener.com) May 2  2023 Technicolor Creative Studios: availability of a prospectus approved by the French Autorité des marchés financiers under number 23-139 Technicolor Creative Studios   announces that the AMF gave on May 2  2023 approval number 23…,May 2  2023Technicolor Creative Studios: availability of a prospectus approved by the French Autorité des marchés financiers under number 23-139Technicolor Creative Studios (the “Company”)  announces that the AMF gave on May 2  2023 approval number 23-139 to its prospectus (the “Prospectus”) made available to the public in connection with the admission to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris of :a maximum number of 2 004 500 355 new ordinary shares to be issued in the context of a share capital increase by waiver of the shareholders’ preferential subscription right and exclusively reserved for the holders of receivables against the Company under the reinstated term facilities  for a gross minimum amount  including issuance premium  of €29 999 999.77  with a minimum unit issuance price of €0.014966323 per new ordinary share  to be liberated entirely by set-off of receivables (the “ Share Capital Increase ”);”); a maximum number of 501 125 088 new ordinary shares which may be issued upon exercise of a maximum number of 501 125 088 warrants of the Company  to be granted  free of charge  by the Company for the exclusive benefit of the lenders committed to providing the new money term facilities  to be exercised at an exercise price of €0.01 per new ordinary share  to be liberated by set-off of receivables  (the “ New Money Warrants ”);”); a maximum number of 1 503 375 266 new ordinary shares which may be issued upon conversion of the 300 675 053 convertible notes which may be converted into new shares  to be subscribed by the beneficiaries of the convertible notes  by cash contribution and set-off of receivables (the “Convertible Notes”).The Share Capital Increase  the issuance and grant of the New Money Warrants and the issuance of the Convertible Notes remain subject to the approval by the Company’s shareholders of resolutions n°13 to 25 of the Company’s extraordinary general meeting which will be held on May 15  2023 (the “General Meeting”).The completion of each of these issuances forms an indivisible whole  such that if any could not be completed  none of the others could then be completed.The completion of the Share Capital Increase  the issuance and grant of the New Money Warrants and the issuance of the Convertible Notes is due to take place before the end of Q2 2023 and by July 31  2023 at the latest  concurrently with all the transactions planned at this date.It is specified that under the terms of the conciliation protocol signed on March 27  2023  between the Company  its lenders and its shareholders  approved by a judgment of the Commercial Court of Paris dated March 29  2023 (the “Protocol”)  the main shareholders1 of the Company (holding together  at the date of approval of the Prospectus  64.6% of the share capital and exercisable voting rights of the Company)  have each committed to vote in favor of the Share Capital Increase.In addition  these main shareholders1 (holding together  as of the date of approval of the Prospectus  64.6% of the share capital and exercisable voting rights of the Company) and the shareholder-lenders2 (other than these main shareholders  holding together  as of the date of approval of the Prospectus  22.0% of the Company's share capital and exercisable voting rights)  have each committed to vote :in favor of the prior share capital reduction that would be carried out by way of a reduction of the par value of the Company's shares from 0.50 euro (its current amount) to 0.01 euro;in favor of the resolutions relating to the issuance of the Convertible Notes (subject to the application of the obligations not to take part in the vote on the resolutions relating to the issuance of Convertible Notes concerning them (each for the two resolutions that concern them) and which will therefore apply to Vantiva  Angelo Gordon &Co. L.P.’s affiliates  Bpifrance Participations S.A.  Briarwood Chase Management LLC’s affiliates and Barclays Bank Ireland); andin favor of the issuance of the New Money Warrants.The Prospectus consists of the universal registration document (document d’enregistrement universel) of the Company  approved by the AMF on April 21  2023 under number R. 23-013  the securities note (note d’opération) (the “Securities Note”)  and the summary of the prospectus (included in the Securities Note).The Prospectus is available on the Company’s website www.technicolorcreative.com (under the heading “Investors” - “Financial information” - “Regulated Information”) and at its corporate head office: 8-10  rue du Renard  75004 Paris  France. It is also available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org).***ABOUT TECHNICOLOR CREATIVE STUDIOSTechnicolor Creativse Studios shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCHCS)Technicolor Creative Studios is a creative technology company providing world-class production expertise driven by one purpose: The realization of ambitious and extraordinary ideas. Home to a network of award-winning studios  MPC  The Mill  Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games  we inspire creative companies across the world to produce their most iconic work.Our global teams of artists and technologists partner with the creative community across film  television  animation  gaming  brand experience and advertising to bring the universal art of storytelling to audiences everywhere.www.technicolorcreative.com1 These main shareholders are Vantiva S.A.  Angelo  Gordon & Co.  L.P.  AG International Investment Opportunities Platform Fund I DAC  Bpifrance Participations S.A.  Briarwood Chase Management LLC  and Barclays Bank Ireland.2 These shareholder-lenders are the other current lenders who are shareholders of the Company on the signature date of the Procotol or on the date of the General Meeting.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.44,0.24,0.32,True,English,"['French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Technicolor Creative Studios', 'availability', 'prospectus', 'number', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'Bpifrance Participations S.A.', 'Briarwood Chase Management LLC', 'shareholders’ preferential subscription right', 'Technicolor Creativse Studios shares', 'prior share capital reduction', 'new money term facilities', 'minimum unit issuance price', 'The Share Capital Increase', 'Technicolor Creative Studios', 'gross minimum amount', 'exercisable voting rights', 'Co. L.P.', 'Barclays Bank Ireland', 'corporate head office', 'rue du Renard', 'world-class production expertise', 'new ordinary share', 'New Money Warrants', 'universal registration document', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'creative technology company', 'new shares', 'award-winning studios', 'Technicolor Games', 'exercise price', 'current amount', 'extraordinary ideas', 'The Mill', 'regulated market', 'exclusive benefit', '300,675,053 convertible notes', 'cash contribution', 'indivisible whole', 'Commercial Court', 'main shareholders1', 'par value', 'Angelo Gordon', 'enregistrement universel', 'opération', 'Financial information', 'Regulated Information', 'one purpose', 'Mikros Animation', 'maximum number', 'number R.', 'securities note', 'The Prospectus', 'conciliation protocol', 'issuance premium', 'two resolutions', 'Euronext Paris', '501,125,088 warrants', '75004 Paris', 'availability', 'AMF', 'May', 'approval', 'public', 'connection', 'context', 'waiver', 'receivables', 'set-off', 'charge', 'lenders', 'conversion', 'beneficiaries', 'grant', 'completion', 'issuances', 'none', 'others', 'place', 'Q2', 'July', 'transactions', 'date', 'terms', 'judgment', 'favor', 'addition', 'way', '0.50 euro', '0.01 euro', 'application', 'obligations', 'vote', 'Vantiva', 'affiliates', 'April', 'summary', 'website', 'heading', 'Investors', 'org', 'realization', 'ambitious', 'network', 'MPC']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24163,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/02/2659676/0/en/PCAS-enters-into-exclusive-negotiations-with-DIC-Corporation-following-receipt-of-an-offer-for-the-acquisition-of-its-Canadian-subsidiary-PCAS-Canada-Inc.html,PCAS enters into exclusive negotiations with DIC Corporation following receipt of an offer for the acquisition of its Canadian subsidiary  PCAS Canada Inc.,Ecully  May 2nd  2023  PCAS enters into exclusive negotiations with DIC Corporation following receipt of an offer for the acquisition of its Canadian......,English FrenchEcully  May 2nd  2023PCAS enters into exclusive negotiations with DIC Corporation following receipt of an offer for the acquisition of its Canadian subsidiary  PCAS Canada Inc.PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  specialized in the development of processes and production of complex molecules for Life Sciences and Specialty Chemicals Markets  announces the receipt of an offer from DIC Corporation  a Japanese chemical corporate group with a presence in more than 60 countries  for the acquisition of PCAS Canada Inc.  the Canadian subsidiary of PCAS Group. In this context  PCAS and the potential purchaser have agreed to further entertain exclusive negotiations.The offer values PCAS Canada Inc. at an enterprise value of 88.2 million euros.PCAS’ potential decision to divest its Canadian subsidiary and the execution of the related agreements remain in any case subject to the full completion of the mandatory information-consultation process of the competent workers’ councils  after authorization of PCAS’ Supervisory Board and Seqens  its majority shareholder.Founded in 1989  PCAS Canada Inc. specializes in the synthesis  development and custom manufacturing of high-quality materials by managing tight control limits and levels of ppb scale impurities.PCAS will provide an update in due time with regard to any further developments  in accordance with applicable regulations.ABOUT PCASPCAS specializes in the development and production of complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies. With about 11% of its net sales earmarked for R&D and a large international footprint  PCAS is the preferred industrial partner for market-leading major global groups. Boasting especially high standards  the company offers a growing range of proprietary products and solutions in leading-edge segments. PCAS generated net sales of €226.4 million in 2022 and employs nearly 1200 people in six countries.To find out more about PCAS: www.pcas.comPCAS NewCapJean-Louis Martin / Eric MoissenotEmmanuel Huynh / Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCapFinancial communication and investor relation Tel.: +33 1 69 79 60 00www.pcas.com Tel.: +33 1 44 71 98 53pcas@newcap.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['PCAS Canada Inc', 'exclusive negotiations', 'DIC Corporation', 'Canadian subsidiary', 'receipt', 'offer', 'acquisition', 'market-leading major global groups', 'Japanese chemical corporate group', 'Specialty Chemicals Markets', 'mandatory information-consultation process', 'competent workers’ councils', 'tight control limits', 'large international footprint', 'preferred industrial partner', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCap', 'PCAS Canada Inc', 'PCAS’ Supervisory Board', 'PCAS Group', 'PCAS NewCap', 'English French', 'exclusive negotiations', 'DIC Corporation', 'Canadian subsidiary', 'Euronext Paris', 'complex molecules', 'Life Sciences', 'potential purchaser', 'enterprise value', '88.2 million euros', 'potential decision', 'related agreements', 'full completion', 'majority shareholder', 'custom manufacturing', 'high-quality materials', 'scale impurities', 'due time', 'applicable regulations', 'innovative technologies', 'net sales', 'R&D', 'high standards', 'growing range', 'proprietary products', 'leading-edge segments', 'Jean-Louis Martin', 'Eric Moissenot', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'Financial communication', 'investor relation', 'ABOUT PCAS', 'six countries', '60 countries', 'Ecully', 'May', 'receipt', 'offer', 'acquisition', 'development', 'processes', 'production', 'presence', 'context', 'execution', 'case', 'authorization', 'Seqens', 'synthesis', 'levels', 'update', 'regard', 'accordance', 'company', 'solutions', '1200 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '33 1']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,globenewswire.com
24164,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/02/2658770/0/en/FL-Entertainment-Weekly-share-transactions.html,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – 2 May 2023  Share Transactions Disclosure  FL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made...,Press ReleaseParis – 2 May 2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 24 April to 28 April 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 30 June 2022.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-04-24 BUY 100 10.000000 1 000.00 XAMS 2023-04-24 SELL 262 10.067176 2 637.60 XAMS 2023-04-25 SELL 300 10.100000 3 030.00 XAMS 2023-04-26 SELL 15 10.100000 151.50 XAMS 2023-04-27 BUY 262 9.743130 2 552.70 XAMS 2023-04-27 SELL 1285 10.103891 12 983.50 XAMS 2023-04-28 SELL 27 9.700000 261.90 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaQ1 2023 results: 30 May 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gaming  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2022  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and Adjusted EBITDA  of €4 047m and €670m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Q1 2023 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', '2 May', 'shares', '24 April', '28 April', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '30 June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'flentertainment', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '30 May', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'gaming', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'EBITDA', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,globenewswire.com
24165,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PCAS-5058/news/PCAS-enters-into-exclusive-negotiations-with-DIC-Corporation-following-receipt-of-an-offer-for-the-a-43714914/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,PCAS enters into exclusive negotiations with DIC Corporation following receipt of an offer for the acquisition of its Canadian subsidiary  PCAS Canada Inc.,(marketscreener.com) Ecully  May 2nd  2023 PCAS enters into exclusive negotiations with DIC Corporation following receipt of an offer for the acquisition of its Canadian subsidiary  PCAS Canada Inc. PCAS   specialized in the development of processes and produ…,Ecully  May 2nd  2023PCAS enters into exclusive negotiations with DIC Corporation following receipt of an offer for the acquisition of its Canadian subsidiary  PCAS Canada Inc.PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  specialized in the development of processes and production of complex molecules for Life Sciences and Specialty Chemicals Markets  announces the receipt of an offer from DIC Corporation  a Japanese chemical corporate group with a presence in more than 60 countries  for the acquisition of PCAS Canada Inc.  the Canadian subsidiary of PCAS Group. In this context  PCAS and the potential purchaser have agreed to further entertain exclusive negotiations.The offer values PCAS Canada Inc. at an enterprise value of 88.2 million euros.PCAS’ potential decision to divest its Canadian subsidiary and the execution of the related agreements remain in any case subject to the full completion of the mandatory information-consultation process of the competent workers’ councils  after authorization of PCAS’ Supervisory Board and Seqens  its majority shareholder.Founded in 1989  PCAS Canada Inc. specializes in the synthesis  development and custom manufacturing of high-quality materials by managing tight control limits and levels of ppb scale impurities.PCAS will provide an update in due time with regard to any further developments  in accordance with applicable regulations.ABOUT PCASPCAS specializes in the development and production of complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies. With about 11% of its net sales earmarked for R&D and a large international footprint  PCAS is the preferred industrial partner for market-leading major global groups. Boasting especially high standards  the company offers a growing range of proprietary products and solutions in leading-edge segments. PCAS generated net sales of €226.4 million in 2022 and employs nearly 1200 people in six countries.To find out more about PCAS: www.pcas.comPCAS NewCapJean-Louis Martin / Eric MoissenotEmmanuel Huynh / Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCapFinancial communication and investor relation Tel.: +33 1 69 79 60 00www.pcas.com Tel.: +33 1 44 71 98 53pcas@newcap.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['PCAS Canada Inc', 'exclusive negotiations', 'DIC Corporation', 'Canadian subsidiary', 'receipt', 'offer', 'acquisition', 'market-leading major global groups', 'Japanese chemical corporate group', 'Specialty Chemicals Markets', 'mandatory information-consultation process', 'competent workers’ councils', 'tight control limits', 'large international footprint', 'preferred industrial partner', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCap', 'PCAS Canada Inc', 'PCAS’ Supervisory Board', 'PCAS Group', 'PCAS NewCap', 'exclusive negotiations', 'DIC Corporation', 'Canadian subsidiary', 'Euronext Paris', 'complex molecules', 'Life Sciences', 'potential purchaser', 'enterprise value', '88.2 million euros', 'potential decision', 'related agreements', 'full completion', 'majority shareholder', 'custom manufacturing', 'high-quality materials', 'scale impurities', 'due time', 'applicable regulations', 'innovative technologies', 'net sales', 'R&D', 'high standards', 'growing range', 'proprietary products', 'leading-edge segments', 'Jean-Louis Martin', 'Eric Moissenot', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'Financial communication', 'investor relation', 'ABOUT PCAS', 'six countries', '60 countries', 'Ecully', 'May', 'receipt', 'offer', 'acquisition', 'development', 'processes', 'production', 'presence', 'context', 'execution', 'case', 'authorization', 'Seqens', 'synthesis', 'levels', 'update', 'regard', 'accordance', 'company', 'solutions', '1200 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '33 1']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24166,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FERRARI-N-V-25600249/news/Ferrari-N-v-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program-43714610/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Ferrari N.v.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com) Maranello   May 2  2023 – Ferrari N.V. informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately …,Maranello (Italy)  May 2  2023 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Second Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) as follows:TradingDate(dd/mm/yyyy)Stock ExchangeNumber of common shares purchasedAverage price per shareexcluding fees(€)Consideration excluding fees(€)21/04/2023 EXM 4 400 251.5283 1 106 724.52 24/04/2023 EXM 4 370 253.5342 1 107 944.45 25/04/2023 EXM 4 370 253.3200 1 107 008.40 26/04/2023 EXM 4 400 251.5032 1 106 614.08 27/04/2023 EXM 4 400 251.5726 1 106 919.44 28/04/2023 EXM 4 430 250.5205 1 109 805.82Total- 26 370 251.9915 6 645 016.71(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Second Tranche till April 28  2023  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 115 711 590.62 for No. 498 117 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 24 928 758.14 (Euro 23 410 335.25*) for No. 101 422 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of April 28  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 12 381 534 common shares equal to 4.82% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since July 1  2022 until April 28  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 1 407 947 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 298 295 915.89.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).For further information:Media Relationstel.: +39 0536 949337Email: media@ferrari.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Ferrari N.v.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', '200 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'No. 498,117 common shares', 'No. 101,422 common shares', 'Ferrari N.V.', 'share capital', 'Stock Exchange', '12,381,534 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'second tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Media Relations', 'Trading Date', 'total consideration', 'Maranello', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'December', 'line', 'disclosure', 'Number', 'fees', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'April', 'July', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'information', 'tel', 'Email', 'Attachment', '1,407,947']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24167,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELLECTIS-S-A-42457/news/Cellectis-Announces-Oral-Presentation-on-AMELI-01-and-Poster-Presentation-on-Multiplex-Engineering-f-43716076/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Cellectis Announces Oral Presentation on AMELI-01 and Poster Presentation on Multiplex Engineering for Superior Generation of CAR T-cells at the American Society of Gene and Cell Therapy (ASGCT) Annual Meeting,(marketscreener.com) NEW YORK  May 02  2023 -- Cellectis   a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today announced that it will present clinical data on its Phase 1 AMEL…,NEW YORK  May 02  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today announced that it will present clinical data on its Phase 1 AMELI-01 clinical trial (evaluating UCART123) that were presented in an oral presentation at the 64th American Society of Hematology (ASH) annual meeting  as well as preclinical data on multiplex engineering for superior generation of CAR T-cells  at the American Society of Gene and Cell Therapy (ASGCT) Annual Meeting taking place May 16-20  2023 in Los Angeles  CA.Oral presentation:AMELI-01  a study evaluating UCART123  an allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidate  in relapsed/refractory acute myeloid leukemia (r/r AML)The presentation includes preliminary clinical data from the Phase 1  open-label  dose-escalation trial  AMELI-01  in patients with r/r AML administered UCART123 following lymphodepletion (LD) with either fludarabine and cyclophosphamide (FC) or FC with alemtuzumab (FCA).The data show that adding alemtuzumab to the FC regimen was associated with improved LD and significantly higher UCART123 cell expansion  which correlated with improved activity.UCART123 is a novel and genetically modified allogeneic T-cell product manufactured from healthy donor cells. Donor-derived T-cells are transduced using a lentiviral vector to express the anti-CD123 chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) and are further modified using Cellectis’ TALEN® technology to disrupt the T-cell receptor alpha constant (TRAC) and CD52 genes to minimize risk of graft-vs-host disease (GvHD) and allow use of anti-CD52–directed therapy as a component of the LD regimen  respectively.Title: AMELI-01: A Phase I Trial of UCART123v1.2  an Anti-CD123 Allogeneic CAR-T Cell Product  in Adult Patients with Relapsed or Refractory (R/R) CD123+ Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML)Session Date/Time: 5/17/2023 - 3:45 PM – 5:30PM PDTSession Title: CAR Engineering and Production Advances for Targeting Hematologic and Solid Tumor MalignanciesSession Room: 502 ABFinal Abstract Number: 94Poster presentation: Expanding the scope of multiplex engineering for superior generation of efficient CAR T-cellsCAR T-cell therapies have revolutionized the way we can treat hematological malignancies. However  additional physiological and biological barriers imposed by the hostile tumor microenvironment has limited the ability to target solid tumors. In recent years  advances in genomic-based cellular engineering are bringing us a step closer to conquer solid tumors. This glimpse of success also demonstrated that we need to be able to creatively customize and equip CAR T-cells to target these tumors.In this presentation  Cellectis shows how we can use its state-of-the-art TALEN® technology to precisely edit up to four loci simultaneously while delivering several additional payloads to increase the efficacy and persistence of CAR T-cells.Cellectis takes it a step further and uses a curated combination of genome engineering technologies including TALE base editors to leverage the efficiency of multiplexed gene editing while safeguarding genomic integrity. By carefully choosing a range of gene and cell engineering approaches  Cellectis can develop CAR T-cells focused on unmet medical needs with a high level of efficiency for gene editing and targeted-integration.Title: Expanding the Scope of Multiplex Engineering for Superior Generation of Efficient CAR T-cellsSession Date/Time: 5/17/2023 12:00 PM PDTSession Title: Wednesday Poster SessionPoster Board Number: 604Final Abstract Number: 604Details from the presentations will be available following the event on the Cellectis website at: https://www.cellectis.com/en/investors/scientific-presentations/About CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “intend”  “expect ” “plan ” “scheduled ” “could” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include statements about advancements  timing and progress of clinical trials  the adequacy and continuity of supply of clinical supply and alemtuzumab  the ability of an anti-CD52 as alemtuzumab to improve any efficacy and the potential benefit of UCART product candidates. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. With respect to our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2022 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.17,0.27,True,English,"['ASGCT) Annual Meeting', 'Oral Presentation', 'Poster Presentation', 'Multiplex Engineering', 'Superior Generation', 'CAR T-cells', 'American Society', 'Cell Therapy', 'Cellectis', 'AMELI-01', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidate', 'Anti-CD123 Allogeneic CAR-T Cell Product', 'Efficient CAR T-cells Session Date', 'anti-CD123 chimeric antigen receptor', 'T-cell receptor alpha constant', 'Phase 1, open-label, dose-escalation trial', 'Phase 1 AMELI-01 clinical trial', 'Tumor Malignancies Session Room', 'refractory acute myeloid leukemia', 'higher UCART123 cell expansion', 'allogeneic T-cell product', 'Phase I Trial', 'life-changing product candidates', 'applicable securities laws', 'hostile tumor microenvironment', 'ASGCT) Annual Meeting', 'healthy donor cells', 'Final Abstract Number', 'TALE base editors', 'unmet medical needs', 'hemopoietic stem cells', 'CAR T-cell therapies', 'Wednesday Poster Session', 'Poster Board Number', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'anti-CD52–directed therapy', 'several additional payloads', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'pioneering electroporation system', 'genomic-based cellular engineering', 'genome engineering technologies', 'cell engineering approaches', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', '64th American Society', 'preliminary clinical data', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'multiplexed gene editing', 'gene editing technology', 'Cellectis’ TALEN® technology', 'allogeneic approach', 'Cell Therapy', 'CAR-T immunotherapies', 'CAR Engineering', 'life-saving cell', 'Session Date/Time', 'hematological malignancies', 'Donor-derived T-cells', 'Session Title', 'additional physiological', 'immune system', 'multiplex engineering', 'gene therapies', 'Poster presentation', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'preclinical data', 'superior generation', 'Los Angeles', 'lentiviral vector', 'CD52 genes', 'graft-vs-host disease', 'R/R) CD123+', 'biological barriers', 'four loci', 'curated combination', 'genomic integrity', 'high level', 'therapeutic gene', 'North Carolina', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'press release', 'forward-looking” statements', 'Adult Patients', 'cancer patients', 'oral presentation', 'recent years', 'various diseases', 'solid tumors', 'r/r AML', 'FC regimen', 'LD regimen', 'Cellectis website', 'Cellectis’ headquarters', '23 years', 'ALCLS', 'CLLS', 'Hematology', 'place', 'study', 'lymphodepletion', 'fludarabine', 'cyclophosphamide', 'alemtuzumab', 'FCA', 'activity', 'risk', 'GvHD', 'use', 'component', 'UCART123v', 'Relapsed', '3:45 PM', '5:30PM', 'Production', 'Advances', '502 AB', 'scope', 'way', 'ability', 'glimpse', 'success', 'efficacy', 'persistence', 'efficiency', 'range', 'targeted-integration', 'Details', 'presentations', 'event', 'oncology', 'concept', 'shelf', 'gene-edited', 'experience', 'expertise', 'PulseAgile', 'power', 'order', 'Paris', 'France', 'locations', 'Raleigh', 'meaning']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24168,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/02/2658735/0/en/Sequana-Medical-announces-FDA-clearance-of-IND-application-for-DSR-2-0-for-treatment-of-congestive-heart-failure.html,Sequana Medical announces FDA clearance of IND application for DSR® 2.0 for treatment of congestive heart failure,PRESS RELEASE    MOJAVE study on track to start in Q2 2023 as planned  with initial data by year-end Randomized  controlled study in US seeking to...,"PRESS RELEASEMOJAVE study on track to start in Q2 2023 as planned  with initial data by year-end Randomiz ed  controlled study in US seeking to confirm strong efficacy data seen in RED DESERT and SAHARA studiesDSR well positioned as disease-modifying heart failure therapyGhent  Belgium – 02 May 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  today announces that the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has cleared its Investigational New Drug (IND) application for its second-generation DSR product (DSR 2.0) for the treatment of congestive heart failure. This enables the Company to initiate its randomized controlled Phase 1/2a MOJAVE study in the US  in Q2 2023 as planned.Oliver Gödje  Chief Medical Officer of Sequana Medical  commented: “We are delighted to obtain clearance of the IND for our DSR 2.0 product and are ready to commence the MOJAVE study in US patients with congestive heart failure in a timely manner. We are now focused on enrolling our first patient  which we expect will occur in the second quarter of 2023  and look forward to reporting data from the three patients of the non-randomized cohort by year-end.”Ian Crosbie  Chief Executive Officer of Sequana Medical  added: “For the estimated 200 000 diuretic-resistant congestive heart failure patients in the US  there is an urgent need for new therapies that can safely and effectively eliminate congestion  reduce repeated hospitalization and improve clinical outcomes. Following the strong safety and efficacy data reported from our RED DESERT and SAHARA proof-of-concept studies  we believe that our DSR therapy has the potential to be a disease-modifying heart failure therapy.”On track to start MOJAVE in Q2 2023MOJAVE is a randomized controlled Phase 1/2a study in the US  designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of DSR 2.0 in diuretic-resistant chronic heart failure patients with persistent congestion.Following Ethics Committee approval  the study will commence with a non-randomized cohort of three eligible patients treated with DSR 2.0  administered via a peritoneal dialysis (PD) catheter  on top of usual care for congestive heart failure for up to four weeks followed by a three-month safety follow-up period. Progress to the randomized cohort of up to 30 additional patients depends on approval from the Data and Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) following review of the non-randomized cohort data.The randomized cohort consists of up to 20 randomized patients treated with DSR 2.0  administered via a PD catheter  on top of usual care for congestive heart failure for up to four weeks and up to ten randomized patients treated with intravenous loop diuretics alone as part of maximized usual care for congestive heart failure. Following four weeks of treatment  there is a three-month safety follow-up period.Primary and secondary safety and efficacy endpoints include the rate of adverse and serious adverse events and the improvement in diuretic response (measured as a six-hour urine sodium output) from baseline through the end of the treatment period. Exploratory endpoints measured from baseline through the end of the treatment period include change in weight (volume status)  creatinine (a marker of renal function)  natriuretic peptides (a marker of heart failure) and New York Heart Association (NYHA) functional class; and the number of heart failure related rehospitalizations.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 053579Optimum Strategic CommunicationsNick Bastin  Jonathan Edwards  Vici RabbettsE: Sequana@optimumcomms.comT: +44 (0) 208 078 4357About DSR in congestive heart failureSequana Medical considers its proprietary DSR to be a disease modifying therapy for congestive heart failure. Fluid accumulation in heart failure patients is caused by the retention of too much sodium. The DSR drug-based approach directly tackles this key clinical problem of sodium overload  and works in partnership with the kidneys to safely and rapidly eliminate the excess fluid. Complementary to existing heart failure therapies  clinical proof-of-concept studies using the Company’s first-generation DSR product (DSR 1.0) have shown that DSR can i) safely  effectively and rapidly eliminate fluid overload in heart failure patients  ii) improve the health of the heart and preserve renal function  and iii) restore the ability of the kidney to manage the fluid and sodium naturally  resulting in a large and long-lasting reduction in the need for diuretic drugs. In DSR treated patients  there have been no congestion-related re-hospitalizations during the study follow-up period  all patients improved their NYHA status by at least one class and the clinical benefits observed in the clinical studies resulted in a 75% reduction in predicted one-year mortality of patients pre- vs. post-intensive DSR therapy based on the Seattle Heart Failure Model.About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. These patients can have up to 15 liters of extra fluid in their bodies  causing major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficulty breathing and restricted mobility that severely impacts daily life. Although diuretics are standard of care  the problem is that in many patients they are no longer effective and / or tolerable. There are limited effective treatment options for these patients  resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and a major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing “diuretic-resistant” patient population.alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems. The Company has reported positive primary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON trial of the alfapump in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis  enabling the filing of a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application with the FDA  planned for H2 2023. Having delivered clinical proof-of-concept for DSR as a disease-modifying drug program for the treatment of heart failure  the Company will commence MOJAVE  a US randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a clinical trial of DSR 2.0  with initial data expected in Q4 2023.Sequana Medical is listed on Euronext Brussels (Ticker: SEQUA.BR) and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Trial) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical trial see www.poseidonstudy.com. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® and DSR® are registered trademarks.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements.Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.Attachments",neutral,0.0,0.8,0.2,mixed,0.2,0.05,0.75,True,English,"['congestive heart failure', 'Sequana Medical', 'FDA clearance', 'IND application', 'DSR®', 'treatment', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'randomized controlled Phase 1/2a MOJAVE study', 'randomized controlled Phase 1/2a study', 'Investigational New Drug (IND) application', 'diuretic-resistant chronic heart failure patients', '200,000 diuretic-resistant congestive heart failure patients', 'New York Heart Association', 'six-hour urine sodium output', 'The DSR drug-based approach', 'disease-modifying heart failure therapy', 'existing heart failure therapies', 'three-month safety follow-up period', 'up to four weeks', 'study follow-up period', 'Seattle Heart F', 'Oliver Gödje', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'intravenous loop diuretics', 'Optimum Strategic Communications', 'disease modifying therapy', 'Safety Monitoring Board', 'ten randomized patients', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'key clinical problem', 'three eligible patients', 'year-end Randomiz ed', 'Ethics Committee approval', 'serious adverse events', 'NYHA) functional class', 'post-intensive DSR therapy', 'second-generation DSR product', 'first-generation DSR product', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'randomized cohort data', 'new therapies', 'strong efficacy data', '20 randomized patients', 'Drug Administration', 'strong safety', 'three patients', 'secondary safety', '30 additional patients', 'liver disease', 'NYHA status', 'one class', 'DSR 2.0 product', 'treatment period', 'clinical outcomes', 'clinical proof', 'clinical benefits', 'clinical studies', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'initial data', 'RED DESERT', 'SAHARA studies', 'Euronext Brussels', 'timely manner', 'first patient', 'second quarter', 'Ian Crosbie', 'repeated hospitalization', 'SAHARA proof', 'concept studies', 'peritoneal dialysis', 'usual care', 'PD catheter', 'efficacy endpoints', 'diuretic response', 'Exploratory endpoints', 'volume status', 'renal function', 'natriuretic peptides', 'Nick Bastin', 'Jonathan Edwards', 'Vici Rabbetts', 'sodium overload', 'diuretic drugs', 'congestion-related re-hospitalizations', 'one-year mortality', 'US patients', 'fluid overload', 'Fluid accumulation', 'excess fluid', 'proprietary DSR', 'urgent need', 'persistent congestion', 'long-lasting reduction', 'US Food', '75% reduction', 'track', 'Q2', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', '02 May', 'Company', 'pioneer', 'cancer', 'FDA', 'clearance', 'potential', 'top', 'Progress', 'DSMB', 'review', 'part', 'Primary', 'improvement', 'baseline', 'change', 'weight', 'creatinine', 'marker', 'number', 'rehospitalizations', 'information', 'retention', 'kidneys', 'health', 'ability', 'large', '44']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,globenewswire.com
24169,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TESMEC-S-P-A-6360974/news/Tesmec-presents-its-new-corporate-identity-a-renewed-logo-to-best-reflect-the-group-s-mission-base-43708927/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Tesmec presents its new corporate identity: a renewed logo to best reflect the group's mission  based on technological innovation and sustainability,(marketscreener.com) Italy   Tel. +39.035.4232911 - Fax +39.035.4522444 - info@tesmec.com - www.tesmec.com     Pagina 1 di 2        The new Corporate Identity of Tesmec therefore aims to further highlight the Group's continuous path...https://…,"TESMEC PRESENTS ITS NEW CORPORATE IDENTITY: A RENEWED LOGO TO BEST REFLECT THE GROUP'S MISSION  BASED ON TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION AND SUSTAINABILITYThis is a further stage in the Group's evolutionary process and aims to provide a clear and unambiguous identification tool  representative of all the Business Units and all the branches of the Group;The new logo provides for a rationalization of shapes and graphic signs  maintaining the previous geometric construction  but lightening the weight of the letters  without losing the solid visual impact  so as to be cleaner  more technological and digital  with great versatility of use.Grassobbio (Bergamo)  02 May 2023 - Tesmec S.p.A. (EURONEXT STAR MILAN: TES) (""Tesmec"" or the ""Company"")  at the head of a group leader in the market of technologies for infrastructures (overhead  underground and railway networks) related to the transport of energy  data and materials (oil and derivatives  gas and water)  and of technologies in surface mining  presents its new corporate identity  with a new logo that intends to best reflect the Group's mission  based on technological innovation and sustainability.An evolution that aims to underline the long history of growth of the Group - born in the 1950s as ""C.R.F. - Officina Meccanica di Precisione S.p.A.""  a company specialized in high-precision processing for mechanical parts - and today a real tech company  a leader in innovability  or in other words projects that combine innovation and sustainability. The ability to match the development of digital and integrated solutions with the historical mechanical and technological component has contributed to an evolution and diversification of the Group's innovation paradigm and to the achievement of growth milestones at a global level: in this way Tesmec has evolved from an Italian company rooted in a territory rich in excellence and skills  into an international player that successfully faces the challenges posed by digitization and the energy transition.The new Corporate Identity is therefore a further step in this path and aims to provide a clear and unambiguous identification tool  through a single logo representing all Business Units and all subsidiaries  which also strengthens the internal sense of belonging.Tesmec logo has been rationalized in its shapes and graphic signs and redesigned in order to achieve a more modern and clean version. The previous geometric construction was retained while trying to lighten the weight of the letters  without losing the solid visual impact that has always characterized the Group's graphics. The result is a clean logotype with a technological and digital style  which also allows great versatility of use. The codification of font and primary color now best represents the company's personality and values  as well as the Group's modernity.At the same time  the potential of the energy  digital  and green transition  which are of primary importance in the Recovery Plans of the countries where Tesmec operates  affect all strategic sectors in which the Group is active  through the creation of modern infrastructures  the installation of cables and optical fibers  the modernization and safety of railway networks  the increase in sustainable mobility  the switch to renewable energy sources  as well as the growing importance of the efficiency of energy networks.",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.71,0.2,0.09,True,English,"['new corporate identity', 'technological innovation', 'Tesmec', 'logo', 'group', 'mission', 'sustainability', 'Officina Meccanica di Precisione S.p.A.', 'Tesmec S.p.A.', 'unambiguous identification tool', 'previous geometric construction', 'solid visual impact', 'EURONEXT STAR MILAN', 'C.R.F.', 'NEW CORPORATE IDENTITY', 'renewable energy sources', 'real tech company', 'new logo', 'RENEWED LOGO', 'BEST REFLECT', 'evolutionary process', 'Business Units', 'graphic signs', 'great versatility', 'railway networks', 'surface mining', 'long history', 'high-precision processing', 'mechanical parts', 'other words', 'integrated solutions', 'historical mechanical', 'global level', 'international player', 'energy transition', 'single logo', 'internal sense', 'clean version', 'clean logotype', 'primary color', 'same time', 'green transition', 'primary importance', 'Recovery Plans', 'strategic sectors', 'optical fibers', 'sustainable mobility', 'growing importance', 'energy networks', 'technological component', 'Tesmec logo', 'Italian company', 'innovation paradigm', 'growth milestones', 'digital style', 'technological innovation', 'modern infrastructures', 'group leader', 'SUSTAINABILITY', 'stage', 'clear', 'branches', 'rationalization', 'shapes', 'weight', 'letters', 'use', 'Grassobbio', 'Bergamo', '02 May', 'head', 'market', 'technologies', 'underground', 'transport', 'data', 'materials', 'oil', 'derivatives', 'gas', 'water', 'mission', '1950s', 'innovability', 'projects', 'development', 'diversification', 'achievement', 'territory', 'excellence', 'skills', 'challenges', 'digitization', 'step', 'path', 'subsidiaries', 'belonging', 'order', 'graphics', 'result', 'codification', 'font', 'personality', 'values', 'modernity', 'potential', 'countries', 'creation', 'installation', 'cables', 'modernization', 'safety', 'increase', 'switch', 'efficiency']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24170,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COLRUYT-N-V-5976/news/Colruyt-N-Group-adjusts-outlook-for-financial-year-2022-23-43714311/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Colruyt N : Group adjusts outlook for financial year 2022/23,(marketscreener.com) 2 May 2023 - Regulated information - Inside information   Colruyt Group adjusts outlook for financial year 2022/23   When publishing the consolidated information on the first semester of the financial year 2022/23 on 13 December 202…,PRESS RELEASE - Halle (Belgium) - 2 May 2023 (17h45 CET) - Regulated information - Inside informationColruyt Group adjusts outlook for financial year 2022/23When publishing the consolidated information on the first semester of the financial year 2022/23 on 13 December 2022  Colruyt Group indicated that the consolidated result  excluding possible one-off effects  was expected to show a year-on-year percentage decrease of the same magnitude as in the first half of the financial year 2022/23. Colruyt Group wishes to adjust this outlook for the financial year 2022/23.The macroeconomic context remains very challenging. Furthermore  the Belgian retail market continues to be characterised by volume declines and high competitiveness. In this context  Colruyt Lowest Prices continues to consistently implement its lowest price strategy. This implies that cost price inflation is not fully passed on to the customer.Colruyt Group still expects the consolidated net result of the financial year 2022/23 to show a strong to considerable decrease compared to the financial year 2021/22  but not of the same magnitude as in the first half of the financial year 2022/23. The reasons are:an increase in market share to 31 0% in the financial year 2022/23;a greater focus on operational cost control;focus on energy efficiency and a lower-than-anticipated increase in energy prices.The group expects this to translate into a strong decrease in operating result compared to the financial year 2021/22.Contact detailsFor questions on this press release or for further information  please send an email to investor@colruytgroup.com or debt.investors@colruytgroup.com (specifically for debt investors).About Colruyt GroupColruyt Group operates in the food and non-food distribution sector in Belgium  France and Luxembourg with more than 700 own stores and over 580 affiliated stores. In Belgium  this includes Colruyt Lowest Prices  OKay  Bio-Planet  Cru  Dreamland  Dreambaby  Bike Republic  ZEB  PointCarré  The Fashion Store and the affiliated stores Spar and PointCarré. In France  in addition to Colruyt stores  there are also affiliated Coccinelle  Coccimarket  Panier Sympa and PointCarré stores. JIMS operates fitness clubs in Belgium and Luxembourg. Solucious and Culinoa deliver food service and retail products to professional customers in Belgium (hospitals  SMEs  hospitality sector  etc.). The activities of Colruyt Group also comprise energy supply by DATS 24 in Belgium (fuels  natural gas and green energy) and France (fuels)  and printing and document management solutions (Symeta Hybrid). The group employs nearly 33.000 employees and recorded a EUR 10 0 billion revenue in 2021/22. Etn. Fr. Colruyt NV is listed on Euronext Brussels (COLR) under ISIN code BE0974256852.Colruyt Group adjusts outlook for financial year 2022/23 page 1 / 1https://www.colruytgroup.com/wps/portal/cg/en/home/investors,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['Colruyt N', 'financial year', 'Group', 'possible one-off effects', 'lowest price strategy', 'cost price inflation', 'operational cost control', 'The Fashion Store', 'document management solutions', 'EUR 10,0 billion revenue', 'non-food distribution sector', 'Fr. Colruyt NV', 'Belgian retail market', 'Colruyt Lowest Prices', 'energy prices', 'market share', 'retail products', 'hospitality sector', 'Colruyt Group', 'Colruyt stores', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'first semester', 'consolidated result', 'percentage decrease', 'same magnitude', 'first half', 'volume declines', 'high competitiveness', 'net result', 'strong to', 'considerable decrease', 'energy efficiency', 'strong decrease', 'operating result', 'Contact details', 'Bike Republic', 'Panier Sympa', 'fitness clubs', 'professional customers', 'energy supply', 'natural gas', 'green energy', 'Symeta Hybrid', 'Euronext Brussels', 'ISIN code', 'financial year', '580 affiliated stores', 'Regulated information', 'consolidated information', 'macroeconomic context', 'greater focus', 'anticipated increase', 'food service', 'debt investors', 'PointCarré stores', 'Halle', 'Belgium', '2 May', '13 December', 'reasons', 'questions', 'email', 'colruytgroup', 'France', 'Luxembourg', 'OKay', 'Bio-Planet', 'Cru', 'Dreamland', 'Dreambaby', 'ZEB', 'Spar', 'addition', 'Coccinelle', 'Coccimarket', 'JIMS', 'Solucious', 'Culinoa', 'hospitals', 'SMEs', 'activities', 'DATS', 'fuels', 'printing', '33.000 employees', 'Etn', 'portal', 'cg', '700']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24171,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIQUADRO-S-P-A-373104/news/Piquadro-S-p-A-333CS-Piquadro-buy-back-purchase-week-April-24-28-2023-43710365/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Piquadro S p A : 333CS Piquadro buy back purchase week April 24 28 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   REPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OF   PIQUADRO S.P.A.   Silla di Gaggio Montano   May 2  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-back plan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the peri…,Press releaseREPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OFPIQUADRO S.P.A.Silla di Gaggio Montano (BO)  May 2  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-back plan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the period from April 24th to April 28th  2023  it purchased no. 6 181 treasury shares for a total consideration of 11 243.38 Euro  as authorized by the shareholders' meeting on July 25th  2022  already disclosed pursuant to Art. 144-bis of Consob Regulation no. 11971/1999.Details of the daily transactions on the Euronext Milan are as follows:Number of ordinary Average price (Euro) Consideration Date shares purchased (Euro) 04/24/2023 2 000 1.8333 3 666.60 04/25/2023 33 1.8250 60.23 04/26/2023 1 833 1.8273 3 349.44 04/27/2023 1 662 1.7981 2 988.44 04/28/2023 653 1.8050 1 178.67 Total 6 181 1.8190 11 243.38Following the above purchases and considering the treasury shares already in portfolio  as of April 28th  2023 Piquadro S.p.A. holds no. 1 917 531 treasury shares  equal to 3.8351% of the share capital.Piquadro GroupThe Piquadro Group operates in the sector of leather accessories through the Piquadro  The Bridge and Lancel brands. Cornerstones for the three brands is attention to details and the quality of the workmanship as well as the leather but the Piquadro product stands out for its innovative design and technological content  while The Bridge emphasizes the vintage flavor of Tuscan craftsmanship and finally the Lancel collections embody the Parisian allure of a fashion house founded in 1876.The origins of the Group date back to 1987 when Marco Palmieri  now President and Chief Executive Officer  founded his company near Bologna  where it is still headquartered. The distribution network extends over 50 countries around the world and counts 175 stores including 81 Piquadro boutiques (53 in Italy and 28 abroad including 48 DOS directly operated stores and 33 franchised stores)  13 The Bridge boutiques (13 in Italy including 11 DOS directly operated stores and 2 franchised) and 81 Lancel boutiques (61 in France and 20 abroad  of which 74 DOS directly operated stores and 7 franchised). The Group's consolidated turnover for the year 2022/2023 ended on March 31  2023  is equal to € 175.6 million.Piquadro S.p.A. has been listed on the Italian Stock Exchange since October 2007.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Piquadro S', '333CS Piquadro', 'purchase', 'April', 'PIQUADRO S.P.A.', 'TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN', 'ordinary Average price', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'Consideration Date shares', 'The Piquadro Group', 'The Bridge boutiques', '81 Piquadro boutiques', '6,181 treasury shares', '1,917,531 treasury shares', 'Piquadro product', 'total consideration', '81 Lancel boutiques', 'The Group', 'Press release', 'Gaggio Montano', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'Consob Regulation', 'daily transactions', 'Euronext Milan', 'share capital', 'Lancel brands', 'three brands', 'innovative design', 'technological content', 'vintage flavor', 'Tuscan craftsmanship', 'Lancel collections', 'Parisian allure', 'fashion house', 'Marco Palmieri', 'distribution network', 'leather accessories', '33 franchised stores', '175 stores', 'REPORT', 'Silla', 'May', 'reference', 'period', 'April', '11,243.38 Euro', 'July', 'Art.', 'Details', 'Number', 'purchases', 'portfolio', 'no.', 'sector', 'Cornerstones', 'attention', 'quality', 'workmanship', 'origins', 'President', 'company', 'Bologna', '50 countries', 'world', 'Italy', '48 DOS', '11 DOS', 'France', '74 DOS', 'turnover', 'year', 'March', 'October']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24172,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/02/2659580/0/en/BGHL-EUR-Estimated-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): Estimated NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following......,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28/04/2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.0718 £ 23.9182 Estimated MTD return 1.62 % 1.71 % Estimated YTD return -2.51 % -2.08 % Estimated ITD return 170.72 % 139.18 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['Estimated NAV', 'BGHL', 'EUR', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'US persons', 'The Shares', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'The Directors', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'NAV', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,globenewswire.com
24173,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-Estimated-NAV-s-43714282/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,BGHL (GBP): Estimated NAV(s),(marketscreener.com) BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company. Close of business 28/04/2023. Estimated NAV  Euro SharesSterling Sha…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28/04/2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.0718 £ 23.9182 Estimated MTD return 1.62 % 1.71 % Estimated YTD return -2.51 % -2.08 % Estimated ITD return 170.72 % 139.18 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['Estimated NAV', 'BGHL', 'GBP', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'US persons', 'The Shares', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'The Directors', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'NAV', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24174,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ABIVAX-22387984/news/Abivax-Publication-of-an-expert-article-in-JCC-on-obefazimod-as-promising-therapeutic-management-op-43714287/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Abivax: Publication of an expert article in JCC on obefazimod as promising therapeutic management option for UC patients,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word: MiscellaneousAbivax: Publication of an expert article in JCC on obefazimod as promising therapeutic management option for UC patients 02.05.2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely re…,EQS-News: ABIVAX / Key word(s): MiscellaneousAbivax: Publication of an expert article in JCC on obefazimod as promising therapeutic management option for UC patients02.05.2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Abivax: Publication of an expert article in JCC on obefazimod as promising therapeutic management option for UC patients The authors of the expert article published in the Journal of Crohn’s and Colitis include major European and North American Key Opinion Leaders in the field of Inflammatory Bowel DiseasesThe KOLs state that obefazimod is a first-in-class drug with a unique mechanism of action and with great promise in the therapeutic management of ulcerative colitis patientsThe experts expect that the results from the ongoing Phase 3 program with obefazimod in UC will confirm its potential to rapidly and durably relieve patients from their symptoms PARIS  France  May 2nd  2023 – 06:00 p.m. (CEST) – Abivax SA (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 – ABVX)  a Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  today announces the Journal of Crohn’s and Colitis (JCC) publication of a piece titled “Obefazimod: a first-in-class drug for the treatment of ulcerative colitis”[1]  written by global Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD) experts. The authors of the publication include major European and North American Key Opinion Leaders (KOLs) in the field of IBD  e.g. Séverine Vermeire (Belgium)  Virginia Solitano (Italy and Canada)  Laurent Peyrin-Biroulet (France)  Herbert Tilg (Austria)  Silvio Danese (Italy)  and Bruce Sands (United States). The KOLs conclude  obefazimod is a first-in-class drug with a unique mechanism of action that holds great promise in the therapeutic management of ulcerative colitis (UC) patients. The experts further expect the results from the ongoing Phase 3 program with obefazimod for the treatment of UC (ABTECT program) will confirm the previous outcomes and their conclusions issued in this publication. Prof. Hartmut J. Ehrlich  M.D.  CEO of Abivax  said. “We are proud of the publication of this expert opinion written by internationally leading KOLs in the field of IBD. The conclusion that obefazimod holds great promise as a novel therapeutic management option for UC patients is very motivating for the Abivax team. We believe we are on the right track to confirm our lead drug candidate’s ability to swiftly and durably relieve UC patients from their symptoms. We are encouraged by the leading KOLs  as well as our investors and partners shared view about the potential of obefazimod and also by the increased interest of the scientific  medical and investment community in our molecule. We are determined to conclude our ongoing Phase 3 program as quickly as possible and make obefazimod available to all UC patients  especially to those who urgently need alternative treatment options.” Prof. Séverine Vermeire  M.D.  Ph.D.  Head of the IBD Center at the University Hospitals Leuven  Belgium  and principal investigator of the ABTECT program in Europe  adds: “Our expert analysis took into account all the different aspects of the preclinical and clinical development of obefazimod  including the most recent insights on its unique mechanism of action. We came to the conclusion that obefazimod might change the treatment paradigm of ulcerative colitis and inflammatory bowel diseases in the future. We continue to be impressed by its clinical efficacy  especially in the course of the maintenance treatment as well as by its safety profile. Therefore  we are very interested in completing the Phase 3 program of obefazimod in UC which we believe can confirm the outcomes of the Phase 2a and Phase 2b trials. We urgently need potent and long-term efficient treatments that are well tolerated by the patients and  with obefazimod  we might have such a candidate in our hands.” The article analyses the results generated in preclinical studies as well as clinical trials conducted with obefazimod in ulcerative colitis  rheumatoid arthritis  Covid-19 and HIV patients. The KOL’s analysis is summarized in the following main conclusions: Obefazimod enhances the selective splicing of a single long non-coding RNA to generate an anti-inflammatory microRNA called miR-124. miR-124 is responsible for downregulation of key pro-inflammatory cytokines and chemokines thus exerting its inflammation dampening effects. The sustained overexpression of miR-124 might explain why obefazimod provides a high remission rate in UC patients after one and two years of continued daily dosing. In parallel  miR-124 does not only decrease mucosal inflammation  but it also promotes tissue repair.Evidence from Phase 2 clinical trials supports the anti-inflammatory effect of obefazimod. Findings from the maintenance phases of the trials showed that the long-term treatment with the molecule provides continued improvement in clinical symptoms of the disease  with a substantial proportion of patients in clinical remission.All clinical studies of obefazimod have shown a consistent and good safety profile  during the induction as well as in the subsequent maintenance trials. The most common treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were headache and nausea. Headaches occurred early during the first 10 days of treatment  were generally mild to moderate and lasted only a few days. There was no signal of serious infection or malignancies.Obefazimod exerted no effect on the immune system in the absence of inflammation  therefore supporting a mechanism of action as modulator of immune cell activation during inflammation but not in its absence. These findings provide evidence that upregulating miR-124 by obefazimod reverses the expression of several pro-inflammatory cytokines triggered during inflammation but does not blunt the immune response altogether. In order to confirm the fast onset of action  the long-term efficacy results as well as the safety profile that obefazimod generated notably in its Phase 2a and Phase 2b clinical trials for the treatment of UC patients  Abivax is currently conducting an international Phase 3 clinical program (ABTECT). 1 200 patients suffering from moderate to severe UC at 600 investigator sites covering North America  Europe  Latin America and Asia Pacific will be included in the two induction trials (ABTECT-1 and ABTECT-2) followed by a single maintenance trial to confirm obefazimod’s fast onset of action and its long-term efficacy. Top-line results of the two induction trials are expected to become available by the end of 2024. The results of the single maintenance trial are expected by the end of 2025. ***** About Abivax (www.abivax.com) Abivax is a Phase 3 clinical stage biotechnology company  focused on developing therapeutics that modulate the immune system to treat patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Abivax  founded by Truffle Capital  is listed on Euronext compartment B (ISIN: FR0012333284 – Mnémo: ABVX). Based in Paris and Montpellier  Abivax’s lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. More information on the company is available at www.abivax.com. Follow us on Twitter @ABIVAX_.Contacts AbivaxCommunicationsRegina Jehleregina.jehle@abivax.com+33 6 24 50 69 63InvestorsLifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reidlvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com+44 7413 825310Press Relations & Investors EuropeMC Services AGAnne Henneckeanne.hennecke@mc-services.eu+49 211 529 252 22Public Relations FranceActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 6 21 10 49 24 Public Relations FrancePrimaticeThomas Roborel de Climensthomasdeclimens@primatice.com+33 6 78 12 97 95 Public Relations USARooney Partners LLCJeanene Timberlakejtimberlake@rooneypartners.com+1 646 770 8858 DISCLAIMER This press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates (including patient recruitment) with respect to certain of the Company's programs. Although Abivax’ management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks  contingencies and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Abivax  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. A description of these risks  contingencies and uncertainties can be found in the documents filed by the Company with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers pursuant to its legal obligations including its registration document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel). These risks  contingencies and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. Special consideration should be given to the potential hurdles of clinical and pharmaceutical development including further assessment by the company and regulatory agencies and IRBs/ethics committees following the assessment of preclinical  pharmacokinetic  carcinogenicity  toxicity  CMC and clinical data. Furthermore  these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates are only as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Abivax disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements  forecasts or estimates to reflect any subsequent changes that the Company becomes aware of  except as required by law. Information about pharmaceutical products (including products currently in development) which is included in this press release is not intended to constitute an advertisement. This press release is for information purposes only  and the information contained herein does not constitute either an offer to sell  or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe securities of the Company in any jurisdiction  in particular in France. Similarly  it does not give and should not be treated as giving investment advice. It has no connection with the investment objectives  financial situation or specific needs of any recipient. It should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for exercise of their own judgement. All opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. [1] Vermeire et al.: Obefazimod: a first-in-class drug for the treatment of ulcerative colitis  JCC  published online in May 2023 (DOI: 10.1093/ecco-jcc/jjad067).02.05.2023 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com,neutral,0.13,0.87,0.0,mixed,0.83,0.09,0.08,True,English,"['promising therapeutic management option', 'expert article', 'UC patients', 'Abivax', 'Publication', 'JCC', 'obefazimod', 'North American Key Opinion Leaders', 'Prof. Hartmut J. Ehrlich', 'single long non-coding RNA', 'Phase 3 clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Prof. Séverine Vermeire', 'promising therapeutic management option', 'novel therapeutic management option', 'global Inflammatory Bowel Disease', 'key pro-inflammatory cytokines', 'Inflammatory Bowel Diseases', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'University Hospitals Leuven', 'high remission rate', 'long-term efficient treatments', 'inflammation dampening effects', 'ongoing Phase 3 program', 'Phase 2b trials', 'alternative treatment options', 'Phase 2 clinical trials', 'lead drug candidate', 'expert opinion', 'ulcerative colitis patients', 'Key word', 'Phase 2a', 'ABTECT program', 'mucosal inflammation', 'long-term treatment', 'clinical development', 'clinical efficacy', 'major European', 'unique mechanism', 'great promise', 'immune system', 'Virginia Solitano', 'Laurent Peyrin-Biroulet', 'Herbert Tilg', 'Silvio Danese', 'Bruce Sands', 'United States', 'M.D.', 'right track', 'increased interest', 'scientific, medical', 'investment community', 'Ph.D.', 'principal investigator', 'different aspects', 'recent insights', 'safety profile', 'rheumatoid arthritis', 'The KOL', 'selective splicing', 'anti-inflammatory microRNA', 'sustained overexpression', 'two years', 'daily dosing', 'tissue repair', 'anti-inflammatory effect', 'maintenance phases', 'substantial proportion', 'treatment paradigm', 'maintenance treatment', 'HIV patients', 'leading KOLs', 'expert article', 'class drug', 'UC patients', 'UC) patients', 'clinical symptoms', 'Euronext Paris', 'previous outcomes', 'IBD Center', 'expert analysis', 'preclinical studies', 'main conclusions', 'continued improvement', 'Abivax SA', 'Abivax team', 'IBD) experts', 'EQS-News', 'Miscellaneous', 'Publication', 'JCC', 'obefazimod', '18:00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'authors', 'Journal', 'Crohn', 'field', 'action', 'results', 'potential', 'France', 'May', 'ABVX', 'therapeutics', 'piece', 'Belgium', 'Italy', 'Canada', 'Austria', 'CEO', 'ability', 'investors', 'partners', 'view', 'molecule', 'Head', 'account', 'future', 'course', 'hands', 'Covid-19', 'following', 'miR-124', 'downregulation', 'chemokines', 'parallel', 'Evidence', 'Findings', '06:00']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24175,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXANS-4676/news/Nexans-launches-the-first-low-carbon-power-grid-cable-offering-in-France-43706981/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Nexans launches the first low-carbon power grid cable offering in France,(marketscreener.com) Nexans launches the first low-carbon power grid cable offering in France _PRESS RELEASE_ The first range of low-carbon power grid cables available on the French market guarantees a minimum 35% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions compare…,Nexans launches the first low-carbon power grid cable offering in France_PRESS RELEASE_The first range of low-carbon power grid cables available on the French market guarantees a minimum 35% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions compared to standard cablesThis offer is built on the guaranteed use of low-carbon aluminium and recycled plastic  as well as the use of renewable or decarbonised energies in manufacturing the cables. Products are 100% manufactured in FranceAccess to the CO2 data of these cables is guaranteed so that all the players in the chain can monitor and optimise their carbon emissions.Paris  2 May 2023 – Nexans is launching a new range of low-carbon distribution grid cables  the first on the French market. By adopting a holistic approach all along the value chain and throughout the cable life cycle  the Group has succeeded in reducing the greenhouse gas emissions of its low- and medium-voltage cables from 35% to 50%  depending on the products.“This unprecedented offer represents a new stage  fully illustrating the Group’s commitment to decarbonised electrification. We are proud to introduce it in France: this illustrates the commitment of our teams to sustainable development  from our global Ampacity R&D center in Lyon to our factories  via the marketing and purchasing teams”  says Yvan Duperray  Executive Vice-President of Nexans’ Power Distribution Cables & Accessories business.The Group’s ambition: to reduce the cable industry’s carbon footprint…The manufacturing of one kilometer of energy network cable currently generates a volume of CO2 representing two to three times the average annual emissions per inhabitant in France1. These emissions come mainly from the aluminium conductor  which alone accounts for between 70% and 90% of the total footprint  followed by plastics  transport and the manufacturing process.In order to reduce the carbon footprint of its products by more than one-third  Nexans acts-on:The guaranteed use of 100% low-carbon aluminium2  in line with the objectives of the Aluminium Forward 2030 coalition of which the Group is part  and which is aimed at speeding up the sector’s decarbonisation;of which the Group is part  and which is aimed at speeding up the sector’s decarbonisation; The use of up to 50% recycled plastic in the insulation and/or sheathing;Targeted actions on the manufacturing process and transport;Increased selectivity in the choice of suppliers based on their environmental performance;100% French production at its plants in Jeumont and Bourg-en-Bresse.A further advantage lies in the fact that Nexans provides all the environmental data for its products (PEP Ecopassport®) to enable power distribution operators  installers and distributors to manage their carbon emissions. On request  the Group also performs a carbon assessment per project or per customer.... and over the entire life cycle of a cableThe environmental footprint of a cable is also measured beyond its manufacturing. Approximately 90% of the total emissions from grid cables are generated after they are put into service  due to the energy loss  known as the “Joule effect”  which accumulates over decades of use.In line with its E 3 ambition (Economy  Environment  Engagement)  Nexans offers a range of solutions to reduce the carbon footprint of the cable over its entire life cycle:Engineering studies to determine the optimal cable type and cross-sections over the entire life cycle depending on the application;Innovative cable solutions  such as the EDRMAX ® medium voltage cable  which can be buried as is  with no need for a sand bed  thanks to its reinforced sheath – thus reducing the CO2 emissions stemming from its installation by 10%;® medium voltage cable  which can be buried as is  with no need for a sand bed  thanks to its reinforced sheath – thus reducing the CO2 emissions stemming from its installation by 10%; Digital solutions to increase our customers’ productivity: the ULTRAC K ER ® range;® range; Innovative technology via RecyCâbles (joint venture between Nexans and SUEZ) for the recycling copper and aluminum cables  promoting the circular economy.Nexans’ new low-carbon power network cable offering illustrates Nexans’ capacity for innovation and its strong commitment to sustainable development  as the Group is recognized as a global leader in climate action by several extra-financial assessment bodies . This first offer is part of an ambitious Nexans carbon trajectory  validated by the Science-Based Targets Initiative (SBTi)  aimed at reducing emissions by 4.2% per year between 2019 and 2030.About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With 28 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2022  Nexans generated 6.7 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usage and Industry & Solutions. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.frContact:CommunicationEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comEmmanuelle GuyTel: +33 (0)1 78 15 04 68emmanuelle.guy@nexans.comInvestor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.com1 Source: French Ministry of Ecological Transition and Territorial Cohesion: France's carbon footprint from 1995 to 2021 | Data and statistical studies (developpement-durable.gouv.fr)2 “Low-carbon” aluminium is produced  during the electrolysis phase  using decarbonised electricity.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.22,0.78,True,English,"['first low-carbon power grid cable offering', 'Nexans', 'France', 'new low-carbon power network cable offering', 'first low-carbon power grid cable offering', 'global Ampacity R&D center', 'low-carbon power grid cables', 'several extra-financial assessment bodies', 'low-carbon distribution grid cables', 'ULTRAC K ER ® range', 'EDRMAX ® medium voltage cable', 'Nexans’ Power Distribution Cables', 'ambitious Nexans carbon trajectory', 'power distribution operators', 'energy network cable', 'entire life cycle', 'Science-Based Targets Initiative', 'cable life cycle', 'optimal cable type', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'average annual emissions', 'Innovative cable solutions', 'low-carbon aluminium', 'first range', 'carbon assessment', 'new range', 'new stage', 'global leader', 'first offer', 'new world', 'cable industry', 'cable systems', 'energy loss', 'Innovative technology', 'standard cables', 'medium-voltage cables', 'aluminum cables', 'carbon emissions', 'carbon footprint', 'total emissions', 'French market', 'minimum 35% reduction', 'decarbonised energies', 'holistic approach', 'sustainable development', 'Yvan Duperray', 'Executive Vice-President', 'Accessories business', 'one kilometer', 'total footprint', 'Forward 2030 coalition', 'Increased selectivity', 'environmental performance', '100% French production', 'environmental data', 'PEP Ecopassport®', 'environmental footprint', 'Joule effect', 'Engineering studies', 'sand bed', 'Digital solutions', 'customers’ productivity', 'RecyCâbles', 'joint venture', 'recycling copper', 'climate action', 'a century', 'crucial role', 'safe, sustainable', 'decarbonized electricity', '6.7 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'four mai', 'CO2 emissions', 'CO2 data', 'aluminium conductor', 'unprecedented offer', 'Nexans’ capacity', 'recycled plastic', 'value chain', 'decarbonised electrification', 'purchasing teams', 'E 3 ambition', 'circular economy', 'guaranteed use', 'manufacturing process', 'strong commitment', 'The Group', 'France', 'renewable', 'Products', 'players', 'Paris', '2 May', 'Lyon', 'factories', 'marketing', 'volume', 'inhabitant', 'plastics', 'transport', 'order', 'one-third', 'line', 'objectives', 'part', 'sector', 'decarbonisation', 'insulation', 'sheathing', 'actions', 'choice', 'suppliers', 'plants', 'Jeumont', 'Bresse', 'advantage', 'installers', 'distributors', 'request', 'project', 'service', 'decades', 'Engagement', 'cross-sections', 'application', 'need', 'installation', 'SUEZ', 'innovation', 'SBTi', 'year', 'planet', 'future', '28,000 people', '42 countries', 'way', 'everyone', 'design']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24176,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/02/2659783/9318/en/Chart-Industries-Inc-Expands-its-Partnership-with-TECO-2030-ASA-to-Include-all-Howden-solutions-for-Ship-Efficiency-and-Carbon-Emissions-Reductions.html,Chart Industries Inc Expands its Partnership with TECO 2030 ASA to Include all Howden solutions for Ship Efficiency and Carbon Emissions Reductions,ATLANTA  May 02  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- TECO 2030 (OSE: TECO) and Chart Industries  Inc. (NYSE: GTLS  “Chart”) have expanded their existing cooperation agreement on Chart’s Cryogenic Carbon Capture™ process technology (“CCC”)  to include Chart’s offer of li…,ATLANTA  May 02  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- TECO 2030 (OSE: TECO) and Chart Industries  Inc. (NYSE: GTLS  “Chart”) have expanded their existing cooperation agreement on Chart’s Cryogenic Carbon Capture™ process technology (“CCC”)  to include Chart’s offer of liquid cryogenic fuel storage and supply systems  as well as Howden’s hydrogen solutions.Under the expanded agreement  Chart  Howden (a Chart Industries Group company) and TECO 2030 will combine their expertise to offer improved ship efficiencies and reductions in carbon emissions.“We are excited to strengthen our relationship and broaden our solution into TECO 2030 to include Howden ” said Jill Evanko  CEO Chart Industries. “Carbon capture for ships will be one of several solutions deployed by the shipping industry to reach the greenhouse gas emissions goals set forth by the International Maritime Organization.”Chart  including Howden  has solutions including leading compression technologies  storage and transport equipment  liquefaction technology  cryogenic carbon capture and end-use capabilities across the value chain for both gaseous and liquid hydrogen handling. This full solution offering combines over 160 years of hydrogen experience and is supported by a global network of product experts  regional presence and service capabilities in Australia and Southeast Asia which will provide on the ground support to Hydrexia.“I am pleased to work closer with Chart on decarbonizing the shipping industry  an industry TECO knows well. We are fully aligned to reach our common goals. When speaking with customers  we see increased interest for both hydrogen fuel cells and carbon capture and storage solutions ” said Tore Enger  Group CEO of TECO 2030.TECO 2030 is a Norwegian company that focuses on developing  manufacturing and supplying green hydrogen fuel cells for the maritime industry  as well as offering exhaust gas cleaning systems and carbon capture and storage solutions. TECO 2030's main goal is to help the shipping industry transition to more sustainable practices by providing solutions that reduce emissions and improve energy efficiency.About Chart Industries  Inc.Chart Industries  Inc. is an independent global leader in the design  engineering  and manufacturing of process technologies and equipment for gas and liquid molecule handing for the Nexus of Clean™ - clean power  clean water  clean food  and clean industrials  regardless of molecule. The company’s unique product and solution portfolio across stationary and rotating equipment is used in every phase of the liquid gas supply chain  including engineering  service and repair and from installation to preventive maintenance and digital monitoring. Chart is a leading provider of technology  equipment and services related to liquefied natural gas  hydrogen  biogas and CO2 capture amongst other applications. Chart is committed to excellence in environmental  social and corporate governance (ESG) issues both for its company as well as its customers. With over 48 global manufacturing locations and 41 service centers from the United States to Asia  Australia  India  Europe and South America  the company maintains accountability and transparency to its team members  suppliers  customers and communities. To learn more  visit www.chartindustries.comAbout TECO 2030TECO 2030 (OSE: TECO) tackles one of the biggest environmental challenges of our time: How can we combine continued economic growth with reduced emissions? By developing hydrogen fuel cells  TECO 2030 enables ships and other heavy-duty applications to become emissions-free. TECO 2030 is building up Europe's first Giga production facility of hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks and modules in Narvik  Norway. The production capacity will be built up through 2023 and early 2024  targeting an output capacity of 120 MW of fuel cells in 2024  400 MW in 2025 and 1.6 GW in 2030. The company also delivers other solutions to help the maritime industry reduce its environmental footprints  such as exhaust gas cleaning and carbon capture systems for ships.The company is listed on Euronext Growth on Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker TECO and in New York  OTCQX under the ticker TECFF. TECO2030 is a spinoff from TECO Maritime Group  a group that has provided technology and services to the global shipping industry since 1994. For more information  please visit www.teco2030.no.Chart Industries Investor Relations Contact:John WalshVP  Investor Relations1-770-721-8899john.walsh@chartindustries.comTECO 2030 Business Enquiries:Tor Erik HoftunCOO  TECO 2030(+47) 99 261 337tor-erik.hoftun@teco2030.no,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.86,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['Chart Industries Inc', 'Carbon Emissions Reductions', 'TECO 2030 ASA', 'Howden solutions', 'Ship Efficiency', 'Partnership', 'hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks', 'Chart Industries Investor Relations Contact', 'Cryogenic Carbon Capture™ process technology', 'first Giga production facility', 'a Chart Industries Group company', 'green hydrogen fuel cells', 'exhaust gas cleaning systems', 'liquid cryogenic fuel storage', 'greenhouse gas emissions goals', 'liquid gas supply chain', 'liquefied natural gas', 'liquid hydrogen handling', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'independent global leader', 'International Maritime Organization', 'continued economic growth', 'carbon capture systems', 'biggest environmental challenges', 'existing cooperation agreement', 'leading compression technologies', 'full solution offering', 'other heavy-duty applications', '48 global manufacturing locations', 'TECO 2030 Business Enquiries', 'global shipping industry', 'Tor Erik Hoftun', 'TECO Maritime Group', 'supply systems', 'process technologies', 'value chain', 'common goals', 'production capacity', 'carbon emissions', 'hydrogen experience', 'other applications', 'global network', 'liquid molecule', 'CO2 capture', 'hydrogen solutions', 'maritime industry', 'leading provider', 'Euronext Growth', 'environmental, social', 'environmental footprints', 'liquefaction technology', 'Group CEO', 'reduced emissions', 'other solutions', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'ship efficiencies', 'Jill Evanko', 'end-use capabilities', 'product experts', 'regional presence', 'ground support', 'Tore Enger', 'main goal', 'sustainable practices', 'energy efficiency', 'unique product', 'solution portfolio', 'preventive maintenance', 'digital monitoring', 'corporate governance', 'ESG) issues', 'United States', 'South America', 'team members', 'output capacity', 'New York', 'storage solutions', 'clean power', 'clean water', 'clean food', 'clean industrials', 'several solutions', 'Norwegian company', 'service capabilities', '41 service centers', 'transport equipment', 'Southeast Asia', 'rotating equipment', 'John Walsh', 'Clean™', 'ATLANTA', 'OSE', 'NYSE', 'GTLS', 'CCC', 'Howden', 'expertise', 'improved', 'reductions', 'relationship', 'ships', 'gaseous', '160 years', 'Australia', 'Hydrexia', 'customers', 'interest', 'design', 'engineering', 'Nexus', 'stationary', 'phase', 'repair', 'installation', 'services', 'biogas', 'excellence', 'India', 'Europe', 'accountability', 'transparency', 'suppliers', 'communities', 'chartindustries', 'modules', 'Narvik', 'Norway', '120 MW', '400 MW', '1.6 GW', 'ticker', 'OTCQX', 'TECFF', 'TECO2030', 'spinoff', 'information', 'VP', '2023', '2024']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,globenewswire.com
24177,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/05/02/2658819/0/en/Nexans-launches-the-first-low-carbon-power-grid-cable-offering-in-France.html,Nexans launches the first low-carbon power grid cable offering in France,Nexans launches the first low-carbon power grid cable offering in France    _PRESS RELEASE_    The first range of low-carbon power grid cables available...,English FrenchNexans launches the first low-carbon power grid cable offering in France_PRESS RELEASE_The first range of low-carbon power grid cables available on the French market guarantees a minimum 35% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions compared to standard cablesThis offer is built on the guaranteed use of low-carbon aluminium and recycled plastic  as well as the use of renewable or decarbonised energies in manufacturing the cables. Products are 100% manufactured in FranceAccess to the CO2 data of these cables is guaranteed so that all the players in the chain can monitor and optimise their carbon emissions.Paris  2 May 2023 – Nexans is launching a new range of low-carbon distribution grid cables  the first on the French market. By adopting a holistic approach all along the value chain and throughout the cable life cycle  the Group has succeeded in reducing the greenhouse gas emissions of its low- and medium-voltage cables from 35% to 50%  depending on the products.“This unprecedented offer represents a new stage  fully illustrating the Group’s commitment to decarbonised electrification. We are proud to introduce it in France: this illustrates the commitment of our teams to sustainable development  from our global Ampacity R&D center in Lyon to our factories  via the marketing and purchasing teams”  says Yvan Duperray  Executive Vice-President of Nexans’ Power Distribution Cables & Accessories business.The Group’s ambition: to reduce the cable industry’s carbon footprint…The manufacturing of one kilometer of energy network cable currently generates a volume of CO2 representing two to three times the average annual emissions per inhabitant in France1. These emissions come mainly from the aluminium conductor  which alone accounts for between 70% and 90% of the total footprint  followed by plastics  transport and the manufacturing process.In order to reduce the carbon footprint of its products by more than one-third  Nexans acts-on:The guaranteed use of 100% low-carbon aluminium2  in line with the objectives of the Aluminium Forward 2030 coalition of which the Group is part  and which is aimed at speeding up the sector’s decarbonisation;of which the Group is part  and which is aimed at speeding up the sector’s decarbonisation; The use of up to 50% recycled plastic in the insulation and/or sheathing;Targeted actions on the manufacturing process and transport;Increased selectivity in the choice of suppliers based on their environmental performance;100% French production at its plants in Jeumont and Bourg-en-Bresse.A further advantage lies in the fact that Nexans provides all the environmental data for its products (PEP Ecopassport®) to enable power distribution operators  installers and distributors to manage their carbon emissions. On request  the Group also performs a carbon assessment per project or per customer.... and over the entire life cycle of a cableThe environmental footprint of a cable is also measured beyond its manufacturing. Approximately 90% of the total emissions from grid cables are generated after they are put into service  due to the energy loss  known as the “Joule effect”  which accumulates over decades of use.In line with its E 3 ambition (Economy  Environment  Engagement)  Nexans offers a range of solutions to reduce the carbon footprint of the cable over its entire life cycle:Engineering studies to determine the optimal cable type and cross-sections over the entire life cycle depending on the application;Innovative cable solutions  such as the EDRMAX ® medium voltage cable  which can be buried as is  with no need for a sand bed  thanks to its reinforced sheath – thus reducing the CO2 emissions stemming from its installation by 10%;® medium voltage cable  which can be buried as is  with no need for a sand bed  thanks to its reinforced sheath – thus reducing the CO2 emissions stemming from its installation by 10%; Digital solutions to increase our customers’ productivity: the ULTRAC K ER ® range;® range; Innovative technology via RecyCâbles (joint venture between Nexans and SUEZ) for the recycling copper and aluminum cables  promoting the circular economy.Nexans’ new low-carbon power network cable offering illustrates Nexans’ capacity for innovation and its strong commitment to sustainable development  as the Group is recognized as a global leader in climate action by several extra-financial assessment bodies . This first offer is part of an ambitious Nexans carbon trajectory  validated by the Science-Based Targets Initiative (SBTi)  aimed at reducing emissions by 4.2% per year between 2019 and 2030.About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With 28 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2022  Nexans generated 6.7 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usage and Industry & Solutions. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.frContact:CommunicationEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comEmmanuelle GuyTel: +33 (0)1 78 15 04 68emmanuelle.guy@nexans.comInvestor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.com1 Source: French Ministry of Ecological Transition and Territorial Cohesion: France's carbon footprint from 1995 to 2021 | Data and statistical studies (developpement-durable.gouv.fr)2 “Low-carbon” aluminium is produced  during the electrolysis phase  using decarbonised electricity.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.31,0.69,True,English,"['first low-carbon power grid cable offering', 'Nexans', 'France', 'new low-carbon power network cable offering', 'first low-carbon power grid cable offering', 'global Ampacity R&D center', 'low-carbon power grid cables', 'several extra-financial assessment bodies', 'low-carbon distribution grid cables', 'ULTRAC K ER ® range', 'EDRMAX ® medium voltage cable', 'Nexans’ Power Distribution Cables', 'ambitious Nexans carbon trajectory', 'power distribution operators', 'energy network cable', 'entire life cycle', 'Science-Based Targets Initiative', 'cable life cycle', 'optimal cable type', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'average annual emissions', 'Innovative cable solutions', 'low-carbon aluminium', 'first range', 'carbon assessment', 'new range', 'new stage', 'global leader', 'first offer', 'new world', 'cable industry', 'cable systems', 'energy loss', 'Innovative technology', 'standard cables', 'medium-voltage cables', 'aluminum cables', 'carbon emissions', 'carbon footprint', 'total emissions', 'English French', 'French market', 'minimum 35% reduction', 'decarbonised energies', 'holistic approach', 'sustainable development', 'Yvan Duperray', 'Executive Vice-President', 'Accessories business', 'one kilometer', 'total footprint', 'Forward 2030 coalition', 'environmental performance', '100% French production', 'environmental data', 'PEP Ecopassport®', 'environmental footprint', 'Joule effect', 'Engineering studies', 'sand bed', 'Digital solutions', 'customers’ productivity', 'RecyCâbles', 'joint venture', 'climate action', 'a century', 'crucial role', 'safe, sustainable', 'decarbonized electricity', '6.7 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'CO2 emissions', 'CO2 data', 'aluminium conductor', 'unprecedented offer', 'Nexans’ capacity', 'recycled plastic', 'value chain', 'decarbonised electrification', 'purchasing teams', 'E 3 ambition', 'circular economy', 'guaranteed use', 'manufacturing process', 'strong commitment', 'The Group', 'France', 'renewable', 'Products', 'players', 'Paris', '2 May', 'Lyon', 'factories', 'marketing', 'volume', 'inhabitant', 'plastics', 'transport', 'order', 'one-third', 'line', 'objectives', 'part', 'sector', 'decarbonisation', 'insulation', 'sheathing', 'actions', 'Increased', 'selectivity', 'choice', 'suppliers', 'plants', 'Jeumont', 'Bresse', 'advantage', 'installers', 'distributors', 'request', 'project', 'service', 'decades', 'Engagement', 'cross-sections', 'application', 'need', 'installation', 'SUEZ', 'recycling', 'copper', 'innovation', 'SBTi', 'year', 'planet', 'future', '28,000 people', '42 countries', 'way', 'everyone', 'design']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,globenewswire.com
24178,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HYLORIS-PHARMACEUTICALS-S-109048390/news/Hyloris-announces-potential-registration-date-for-Maxigesic-IV-in-the-US-43706180/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Hyloris announces potential registration date for Maxigesic® IV in the US,(marketscreener.com) PDUFA goal date set for 17 October 2023 by U.S. Food & Drug AdministrationExclusive commercial partner for Maxigesic® IV in the U.S. is Hikma Pharmaceuticals  a leading supplier of complex  injectable hospital products Liège  Belgium – 2 …,"PDUFA goal date set for 17 October 2023 by U.S. Food & Drug AdministrationExclusive commercial partner for Maxigesic® IV in the U.S. is Hikma Pharmaceuticals  a leading supplier of complex  injectable hospital productsLiège  Belgium – 2 May 2023 – 7AM CET – Non-regulated information - Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA (Euronext Brussels: HYL)  a specialty biopharma company committed to addressing unmet medical needs through reinventing existing medications  today announces the US Food & Drug Administration has set 17 October 2023 as the date by which it expects to respond to the application regarding Maxigesic® IV.The US regulatory body confirmed it has received a complete response in relation to its questions on extractables and leachables from Maxigesic® IV’s primary packaging – the glass vial and the stopper in which the drug product is stored. The FDA requested additional data in July 2022.Hyloris’ partner AFT Pharmaceuticals (“AFT”) submitted the additional data to the FDA on 17 April 2023. The Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) goal date of 17 October 2023 set by the FDA confirms the anticipated review period of 6 months  and a potential registration of Maxigesic® IV for the US market before the end of 2023.Sales could follow soon after  with an exclusive license and distribution agreement already signed between AFT and Hikma Pharmaceuticals (“Hikma”). Hikma is a leading supplier of complex  injectable hospital products in the U.S.Under the terms of the development collaboration agreement between Hyloris and AFT  Hyloris is eligible to receive a share on any product-related revenues  such as license fees  royalties  milestone payments  received by AFT.About Maxigesic® IVMaxigesic® IV is a novel  dual mode-of-action  non-opioid pain treatment for use post-operatively in hospitals or when patients cannot take medicine orally. It is a unique combination of 1000mg paracetamol with 300mg ibuprofen solution for infusion  thereby reducing both pain and inflammation.Results from a randomized  placebo-controlled Phase 3 trial demonstrated that Maxigesic® IV was well-tolerated and had a faster onset of action  offered higher pain relief  and provided the potential to reduce the use of opioids compared to ibuprofen IV or paracetamol IV alone in the same doses. Further exposure studies have demonstrated the drug’s efficacy and safety in an expanded population group over a longer treatment period. Maxigesic® IV is protected by several granted and pending patent applications.About Hyloris PharmaceuticalsHyloris is a specialty biopharma company focused on innovating  reinventing  and optimizing existing medications to address important healthcare needs and deliver relevant improvements for patients  healthcare professionals and payors. Hyloris has built a broad  patented portfolio of 16 reformulated and repurposed value-added medicines that have the potential to offer significant advantages over available alternatives. Outside of its core strategic focus  the Company also has 3 high barrier generic products in development.Two products are currently in initial phases of commercialization with partners: Sotalol IV for the treatment of atrial fibrillation  and Maxigesic® IV  a non-opioid post-operative pain treatment. The Company’s development strategy primarily focuses on the FDA’s 505(b)2 regulatory pathway  which is specifically designed for pharmaceuticals for which safety and efficacy of the molecule have already been established. This pathway can reduce the clinical burden required to bring a product to market  and significantly shorten the development timelines and reduce costs and risks. Hyloris is based in Liège  Belgium. For more information  visit www.hyloris.com and follow-us on LinkedIn.For more information  contact Hyloris Pharmaceuticals:Stijn Van Rompay  CEOstijn.vanrompay@hyloris.com+32 (0)4 346 02 07Jean-Luc Vandebroek  CFOjean-luc.vandebroek@hyloris.com+32 (0)478 27 68 42Sven Watthy  Investor Relations & Communications managerSven.watthy@hyloris.com+32 (0)499 71 15 29Disclaimer and forward-looking statementsHyloris means “high yield  lower risk”  which relates to the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for product approval on which the Company focuses  but in no way relates or applies to an investment in the Shares. Certain statements in this press release are “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified using forward-looking terminology  including the words ""believes""  ""estimates "" ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will""  ""plans""  ""continue""  ""ongoing""  ""potential""  ""predict""  ""project""  ""target""  ""seek"" or ""should""  and include statements the Company makes concerning the intended results of its strategy. These statements relate to future events or the Company’s future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors  many of which are beyond the Company’s control  that may cause the actual results  levels of activity  performance or achievements of the Company or its industry to be materially different from those expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['potential registration date', 'Maxigesic® IV', 'Hyloris', 'US', 'The Prescription Drug User Fee Act', 'randomized, placebo-controlled Phase 3 trial', 'complex, injectable hospital products', '3 high barrier generic products', 'opioid post-operative pain treatment', 'unmet medical needs', 'novel, dual mode', 'opioid pain treatment', 'Further exposure studies', 'expanded population group', 'pending patent applications', 'broad, patented portfolio', 'core strategic focus', 'Stijn Van Rompay', 'higher pain relief', '300mg ibuprofen solution', 'important healthcare needs', 'US regulatory body', '505(b)2 regulatory pathway', '505(b)(2) regulatory pathway', 'longer treatment period', 'Exclusive commercial partner', 'specialty biopharma company', 'development collaboration agreement', 'future financial performance', 'U.S. Food', 'PDUFA goal date', 'Hyloris Pharmaceuticals SA', 'Two products', 'The Company', 'US Food', 'Drug Administration', 'The FDA', 'review period', 'exclusive license', 'distribution agreement', 'ibuprofen IV', 'healthcare professionals', 'future events', 'drug product', 'Maxigesic® IV', 'leading supplier', 'Liège', '7AM CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'existing medications', 'complete response', 'primary packaging', 'glass vial', 'additional data', 'product-related revenues', 'license fees', 'milestone payments', 'unique combination', '1000mg paracetamol', 'faster onset', 'paracetamol IV', 'same doses', 'relevant improvements', 'value-added medicines', 'significant advantages', 'available alternatives', 'initial phases', 'Sotalol IV', 'atrial fibrillation', 'clinical burden', 'development timelines', 'Sven Watthy', 'Investor Relations', 'Communications manager', 'Sven.watthy', 'lower risk', 'press release', 'forward-looking terminology', 'other factors', 'Hyloris’ partner', 'US market', 'product approval', 'intended results', 'actual results', 'Hikma Pharmaceuticals', 'development strategy', 'Jean-Luc Vandebroek', 'looking statements', 'unknown risks', 'Non-regulated information', 'potential registration', 'AFT Pharmaceuticals', '17 October', 'Belgium', '2 May', 'questions', 'extractables', 'leachables', 'stopper', 'July', '17 April', '6 months', 'Sales', 'terms', 'share', 'royalties', 'action', 'hospitals', 'patients', 'infusion', 'inflammation', 'opioids', 'efficacy', 'safety', 'several', 'payors', '16 reformulated', 'commercialization', 'partners', 'molecule', 'costs', 'LinkedIn', 'CEO', 'vanrompay', 'CFO', 'Disclaimer', 'investment', 'words', 'plans', 'project', 'target', 'uncertainties', 'levels', 'activity', 'achievements', 'industry', 'materi', '32', '4']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24179,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RAMSAY-GENERALE-DE-SANTE-4694/news/Ramsay-Sante-Results-at-the-end-of-March-2023-43714034/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230502,Ramsay Sante : Results at the end of March 2023,(marketscreener.com)         PRESS RELEASEParis  2 May 2023 13.5% total revenues growth for the third quarter of this financial year  up to €1.3bn total revenues  supported by a broad-based good dynamics and recent acquisitions in the Nordics countries. Growt…,PRESS RELEASEParis  2 May 202313.5% total revenues growth for the third quarter of this financial year  up to €1.3bn total revenues  supported by a broad-based good dynamics and recent acquisitions in the Nordics countries. Growth on a like-for-like basis of 10.2%.Continuously playing a leading role in addressing the numerous headwinds impacting the healthcare sector in Europe. For the quarter  EBITDA decreased by €30m leading to €137m and 11.0% margin for this quarter  due to lower subsidies  high inflation and staff shortage challenges.Cost controls measures reinforced to address current situation and pursue our Yes We Care 2025 strategic plan in implementing a global patient pathway strategy to further be a European leader in integrated care.Unaudited turnover for the nine months period ending 31 March 2023 amounted to €3 462m up 10.2% on a reported basis. Unaudited turnover for the last quarter amounted to €1 253m up 13.5% on a reported basis ;Unaudited EBITDA for the nine months period ending 31 March 2023 amounted to €450m down -10.5% on a reported basis. Unaudited EBITDA for the last quarter amounted to €137m down -18.0% on a reported basis ;Unaudited current operating profit for the nine months period ending 31 March 2023 amounted to €154m down -31.4% on a reported basis. Unaudited current operating profit for the last quarter amounted to €41m down -45.9% on a reported basis ;Ramsay Santé has maintained its actions to participate in the support of the French and Nordics public healthcare sectors. It has resulted in a 3.8% increase in patient admissions in our acute care facilities and 1.1 million additional patient consultations in our Nordics primary care centres over the 9 months ended 31 March 2023 compared to the prior corresponding period.The group continued its expansion in its core strategic development areas. Two primary care centres opened their doors in late 2022 in France and the Haussmann medical centre in central Paris joined the Ramsay Santé network in January 2023. On 1 st March 2023  the Ange Gardien mental health clinic re-opened its doors following an extensive redevelopment of the facility and merger of the neighbouring Perreuse clinic into a single expanded modern site. The 232 beds and 15 day places will significantly enhance the mental health services proposed to the greater eastern Ile-de-France region. Finally on1 st April 2023  St Göran has opened its new maternity ward in Stockholm.March 2023  the Ange Gardien mental health clinic re-opened its doors following an extensive redevelopment of the facility and merger of the neighbouring Perreuse clinic into a single expanded modern site. The 232 beds and 15 day places will significantly enhance the mental health services proposed to the greater eastern Ile-de-France region. Finally on 1 April 2023  St Göran has opened its new maternity ward in Stockholm. Activity levels in France and the Nordics have been solid. Revenues for the group increased by €149m or 13.5% for the January to March 2023 quarter compared to the prior corresponding period. Adjusted for changes in the scope of consolidation and at constant exchange rates  revenues organic growth for the quarter ending 31 March 2023 was 10.2%. France revenue has grown by 10.3% supported by an increase in medical purchases rechargeable revenue and impacted by the ongoing shift toward ambulatory care. Nordic countries revenue grew by 21.3% supported by recent acquisitions. On a like-for-like basis  Nordics revenue growth is of 10.7% and is mainly realised in the Nordics by proximity care and specialist care patients in both Sweden and Denmark.The group consolidated EBITDA for the quarter ending 31 March 2023 of €137m decreased by €30m or-18% compared to the prior corresponding period.-18% compared to the prior corresponding period. Decrease of the EBITDA this quarter is related to the drop of subsidies and revenue guarantee received by government bodies  by continuing medical staff shortage in all regions and by persistently higher inflation conditions. The amount of various government subsidies related to COVID  including revenue guarantee  have been lower by €52m for the group this quarter compared to the same period last year  reflecting the decreasing intensity of the COVID pandemia.In order to mitigates these headwinds  Ramsay Santé has launched a set of measures in order to better control its cost base while preserving its Yes We Care 2025 strategic plan.Acquisitions realised during the last Fiscal Year have been integrated as expected. Regarding GHP  this acquisition represents an impact  for the nine month period  of 121.9M€ of revenues  16.1M€ of EBITDA and 7.8M€ of EBIT.The French tariffs applicable from 1 st March 2023 have been released. MSO tariffs increase by +5.4% and re-incorporate into DRG price the 2022 funding of operating costs inflation that had been received through grants in H1 FY23. Rehabilitation and follow-up care tariffs increase by +1.9%.March 2023 have been released. MSO tariffs increase by +5.4% and re-incorporate into DRG price the 2022 funding of operating costs inflation that had been received through grants in H1 FY23. Rehabilitation and follow-up care tariffs increase by +1.9%. Finally  the French Government has indicated it will prolong its support to the industry through a modified revenue guarantee scheme extending to 31 st December 2023  with a less favourable scheme however.December 2023  with a less favourable scheme however. Ramsay Health Care Ltd is publishing in parallel a trading update as at end of March 2023  which includes some of the information contained in this announcement.Pascal Roché  Chief Executive Officer of Ramsay Santé  says:« The third quarter of FY23 (January to March 2023) has seen  once again  Ramsay Santé and all its employees and medical community being able to serve the healthcare sector and its patients in both France and the 3 Nordics countries despite the scarcity of resources and the inflation burden. »The Board of Directors approved the unaudited third quarter FY23 trading update at its meeting heldon 2nd May 2023.About Ramsay SantéRamsay Santé is the leader in private hospitalisation and primary care in Europe. The Group has 36 000 employees and works with nearly 9 300 practitioners to treat more than 10 million patients per year in its 443 facilities and 5 countries: France  Sweden  Norway  Denmark and Italy.Ramsay Santé offers almost all medical and surgical specialities in three domains: Medicine  Surgery  Obstetrics (MSO)  Follow-up Care and Rehabilitation (FCR) and Mental Health. In all its territories  the Group contributes to public service health undertakings and providing proximity care  as in Sweden where the group has more than a hundred local health centres. Safe  quality care is the Group's priority in all the countries where it operates. This is what has made it a reference in state-of-the-art medicine  particularly in outpatient surgery and enhanced recovery after surgery (ERAS). The Group also invests more than €200 million every year in its facilities  whether in new surgical and imaging technologies or in the construction and modernisation of facilities. To best serve patient interests  it innovates constantly with new digital tools and by developing its organisations to improve efficiency of care.Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/RamsaySanteInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/ramsaysanteTwitter: https://twitter.com/RamsaySanteLinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/ramsaysanteYouTube: https://www.youtube.com/c/RamsaySanteCode ISIN and Euronext Paris: FR0000044471Website: www.ramsaygds.frInvestor / Analyst Relations Press RelationsJérôme Brice Brigitte CachonTel. +33 1 87 86 21 88 Tel. +33 1 87 86 22 11Jerome.brice@ramsaysante.fr brigitte.cachon@ramsaysante.frAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.14,0.68,True,English,"['Ramsay Sante', 'Results', 'end', 'March', 'Ange Gardien mental health clinic', 'single expanded modern site', 'greater eastern Ile-de-France region', 'global patient pathway strategy', '1.1 million additional patient consultations', 'Two primary care centres', 'core strategic development areas', 'Unaudited current operating profit', 'Nordics public healthcare sectors', 'Nordics primary care centres', 'mental health services', 'neighbouring Perreuse clinic', 'operating costs inflation', 'based good dynamics', 'staff shortage challenges', 'new maternity ward', 'constant exchange rates', 'prior corresponding period', 'nine month period', 'acute care facilities', 'specialist care patients', 'Haussmann medical centre', 'medical staff shortage', 'higher inflation conditions', 'St Göran', 'nine months period', 'follow-up care tariffs', 'DRG price th', 'Nordic countries revenue', '1.3bn total revenues', 'last Fiscal Year', 'Ramsay Santé network', 'Cost controls measures', 'various government subsidies', 'The French tariffs', 'Nordics revenue growth', '13.5% total revenues growth', 'current situation', 'patient admissions', 'Nordics countries', 'same period', 'integrated care', 'ambulatory care', 'proximity care', 'high inflation', '2025 strategic plan', 'Unaudited turnover', 'medical purchases', 'financial year', 'government bodies', 'cost base', 'MSO tariffs', 'rechargeable revenue', 'revenue guarantee', 'organic growth', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'leading role', 'lower subsidies', 'European leader', 'Unaudited EBITDA', 'extensive redevelopment', '15 day places', 'Activity levels', 'ongoing shift', 'decreasing intensity', 'H1 FY23', 'last quarter', '1 st March', 'recent acquisitions', 'France revenue', 'third quarter', 'numerous headwinds', 'central Paris', 'COVID pandemia', '9 months', '31 March', '2 May', 'broad', 'basis', '11.0% margin', 'Yes', 'actions', 'support', '3.8% increase', 'group', 'expansion', 'doors', 'late', 'January', 'facility', 'merger', '232 beds', 'Stockholm', '1 April', 'changes', 'scope', 'consolidation', 'Sweden', 'Denmark', 'Decrease', 'drop', 'regions', 'amount', 'order', 'set', 'GHP', 'impact', '121.9M', '7.8M', '2022 funding', 'grants', 'Rehabilitation']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,marketscreener.com
24180,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://wwd.com/business-news/markets/italys-idb-seeks-293m-euro-valuation-in-ipo-design-1235636879/,Italy’s IDB Seeks 293M Euro Valuation in IPO,One of the nation’s largest high-end furniture and design holdings  Italian Design Brands is offering about 27.5 percent of its share capital at 10.88 euros a share.,MILAN — Italian Design Brands is targeting a market capitalization of 293 million euros as it prepares to list its shares on Euronext Milan  a regulated market organized and managed by Borsa Italiana.The company has already filed its prospectus statement to Italy’s market watchdog Consob. Upon approval  the offering is expected to start within the first half of May.One of the nation’s largest high-end furniture and design holdings  IDB is offering about 27.5 percent of its share capital at 10.88 euros a share. IDB will be selling both existing shares and new ones to be issued under a capital increase.“The offer price  which attributes to the company an equity value before the capital increase of 220 million euros  has been determined considering the company’s and group’s results and growth prospects ” IDB said in a statement  adding that its equity value also takes into account market conditions and Tamburi Investment Partners  or TIP SpA’s  investment in the company.On Tuesday  TIP  which is helmed by Giovanni Tamburi  founder  chairman and chief executive officer and which has stakes in Moncler  Hugo Boss  Italian retailer OVS and Eataly  among others  bought a majority stake in IDB’s parent company.Under the agreement  TIP will invest 72 million euros to buy 50.7 percent of Investindesign  which holds a majority stake in IDB’s capital  it said in a statement. TIP said it could raise its stake in Investindesign by another 20 percent.Established in 2015 by Private Equity Partners and a select group of investors through a company called Investindesign  IDB’s portfolio encompasses 10 companies and 13 brands including upscale furniture brands Saba Italia  Gervasoni and Meridiani; lighting companies Davide Groppi  Axolight and Flexalighting in North America  as well as luxury contract companies like Modar and Cenacchi International  which makes installation of luxury furnishings for stores  showrooms  offices  hotels and luxury homes globally.The offering will also include a greenshoe option  equal to about 15 percent of the maximum number of shares.IDB said earlier this year that the proceeds from the capital increase will be used to support the implementation of its strategic objectives  including organic growth  the financing of its M&A activity and to sustain capital expenditures and working capital.Citigroup and Italian investment bank Equita will act as joint global coordinators.“IDB’s listing project on Euronext Milan and  if the conditions are right  on the Star segment  remains valid and confirmed for the first half of this year  market conditions permitting ” its CEO Andrea Sasso said in an interview with WWD in March. “The IPO is a tremendous pull factor for our companies  which will help bring in new talent and top-level managers ” he added.Andrea Sasso Courtesy photo IDB GroupEarlier this year  the group reported that its adjusted net profit almost doubled in 2022  reaching 25.5 million euros  compared to 13.3 million euros in 2021. Sales rocketed 84.8 percent on a pro-forma basis to 266.5 million euros. Italian Design Brands’ adjusted earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization rose 111 percent to 49.2 million euros in 2022  with a pro-forma margin of 18.5 percent  up from 16.2 percent in 2021  IDB said.In June 2022  IDB acquired the majority of Gamma Arredamenti International  an Italian company that specializes in the production of upholstered furniture. In an operation that was finalized earlier this year  IDB entered into the kitchen and systems sector with a majority stake in Cubo Design  an Abruzzo  Italy-based company that owns the Binova and Miton Cucine brands  specializing in the production of modular kitchens and systems.Its luxury contract business surged 73.6 percent in 2022 to 68.3 million euros  while its furniture business rose 39.6 percent to 117 million euros on a pro-forma basis. The company has said that it will continue to pursue a growth strategy through M&A activity  with the objective of consolidating its international presence by steadily integrating new companies.IDB and Italy’s largest gambling group Lottomatica are among the only companies preparing for a market listing this year despite market turmoil. Lottomatica is expected to commence trading on Wednesday.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.3,0.36,True,English,"['293M Euro Valuation', 'Italy', 'IDB', 'IPO', 'Andrea Sasso Courtesy photo', 'CEO Andrea Sasso', 'chief executive officer', 'M&A activity', 'joint global coordinators', 'tremendous pull factor', 'largest high-end furniture', 'Miton Cucine brands', 'Private Equity Partners', 'Gamma Arredamenti International', 'market watchdog Consob', 'upscale furniture brands', 'luxury contract business', 'Tamburi Investment Partners', 'Italian investment bank', 'largest gambling group', 'Italian Design Brands', 'luxury contract companies', 'furniture business', 'Giovanni Tamburi', 'Italian retailer', 'luxury furnishings', 'luxury homes', 'upholstered furniture', 'design holdings', 'equity value', 'Cenacchi International', 'Cubo Design', 'international presence', 'market capitalization', 'regulated market', 'market listing', 'market turmoil', 'Borsa Italiana', 'first half', 'new ones', 'offer price', 'growth prospects', 'Hugo Boss', 'Saba Italia', 'Davide Groppi', 'North America', 'greenshoe option', 'maximum number', 'strategic objectives', 'organic growth', 'listing project', 'Star segment', 'new talent', 'top-level managers', 'net profit', 'pro-forma basis', 'pro-forma margin', 'modular kitchens', 'growth strategy', '293 million euros', '220 million euros', '72 million euros', '25.5 million euros', '13.3 million euros', '266.5 million euros', '49.2 million euros', '68.3 million euros', '117 million euros', 'Italian company', 'market conditions', 'select group', 'capital increase', 'capital expenditures', 'working capital', 'Euronext Milan', 'lighting companies', 'new companies', 'majority stake', 'systems sector', 'prospectus statement', 'existing shares', 'parent company', 'Italy-based company', 'TIP SpA', 'IDB Group', '13 brands', '10.88 euros', '10 companies', 'approval', 'offering', 'May', '27.5 percent', 'results', 'account', 'Tuesday', 'founder', 'chairman', 'stakes', 'Moncler', 'OVS', 'Eataly', 'others', 'agreement', '50.7 percent', 'Investindesign', '20 percent', 'investors', 'portfolio', 'Gervasoni', 'Meridiani', 'Axolight', 'Flexalighting', 'Modar', 'installation', 'stores', 'showrooms', 'offices', 'hotels', '15 percent', 'proceeds', 'implementation', 'financing', 'Citigroup', 'Equita', 'year', 'interview', 'WWD', 'March', 'IPO', 'Sales', 'earnings', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciation', 'amortization', '18.5 percent', '16.2 percent', 'June', 'production', 'operation', 'Abruzzo', 'Binova', 'Lottomatica', 'trading', 'Wednesday', '2022']",2023-05-02,2023-05-03,wwd.com
24181,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oxurion-receives-transparency-notification-atlas-190000414.html,Oxurion Receives Transparency Notification from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC,PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that ,"Oxurion NVRegulated InformationLeuven  BELGIUM  Boston  MA  US – May 3  2023 – 9.00 PM CET Oxurion NV (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  with clinical stage assets in vascular retinal disorders  today announced that  pursuant to Belgian Transparency legislation1 it has received a transparency notification as follows:Oxurion received a transparency notification on April 28  2023  from Atlas Special Opportunities LLC indicating that as of April 25 2023  it held 7 361 778 shares of the then outstanding 659 387 625 shares  and therefore crossed below the threshold (3%) by virtue of sale of voting securities. See Annex 1.About OxurionOxurion (Euronext Brussels: OXUR) is a biopharmaceutical company developing next generation standard of care ophthalmic therapies  which are designed to improve and better preserve vision in patients with retinal disorders including diabetic macular edema (DME)  the leading cause of vision loss in working-age people  as well as other conditions. Oxurion intends to play an important role in the treatment of retinal disorders  including the successful development of THR-149  its novel therapeutic for the treatment of DME. THR-149 is a potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor being developed as a potential new standard of care for the up to 50% of DME patients showing suboptimal response to anti-VEGF therapy. Oxurion is headquartered in Leuven  Belgium  with corporate operations in Boston  MA. More information is available at www.oxurion.com.Important information about forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this press release may be considered “forward-looking”. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations  and  accordingly  entail and are influenced by various risks and uncertainties. The Company therefore cannot provide any assurance that such forward-looking statements will materialize and does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future events  or any other reason. Additional information concerning risks and uncertainties affecting the business and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement is contained in the Company’s Annual Report. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of Oxurion in any jurisdiction. No securities of Oxurion may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Oxurion NVTom GraneyChief Executive OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10"" tom.graney@oxurion.comMichael DillenChief Business OfficerTel: +32 16 75 13 10michael.dillen@oxurion.comU SConway CommunicationsMary T. Conwaymtconway@conwaycommsir.comICR WestwickeChristopher BrinzeyTel: +1 617 835 9304Chris.Brinzey@westwicke.com________1. Article 14  first paragraph  of the Law of 2 May 2007 on disclosure of major holdings.ANNEX 1Attachments",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.13,0.58,True,English,"['Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'Transparency Notification', 'Oxurion', 'applicable U.S. state securities laws', 'Atlas Special Opportunities LLC', 'potent plasma kallikrein inhibitor', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'next generation standard', 'diabetic macular edema', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'potential new standard', 'Mary T. Conway', 'care ophthalmic therapies', 'Belgian Transparency legislation1', 'clinical stage assets', 'Chief Business Officer', 'U S', 'vascular retinal disorders', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Regulated Information Leuven', 'CET Oxurion NV', 'voting securities', 'new information', 'Conway Communications', 'transparency notification', 'Euronext Brussels', 'leading cause', 'working-age people', 'other conditions', 'important role', 'successful development', 'novel therapeutic', 'suboptimal response', 'anti-VEGF therapy', 'corporate operations', 'More information', 'Important information', 'press release', 'current expectations', 'future events', 'other reason', 'Additional information', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'Annual Report', 'United States', 'first paragraph', 'major holdings', 'biopharmaceutical company', 'The Company', 'vision loss', 'various risks', 'Tom Graney', 'ICR Westwicke', 'Christopher Brinzey', 'ANNEX 1 Attachments', 'Michael Dillen', 'DME patients', 'BELGIUM', 'Boston', 'May', 'April', '7,361,778 shares', '659,387,625 shares', 'threshold', 'virtue', 'sale', 'treatment', 'THR-149', 'uncertainties', 'assurance', 'obligation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'purchase', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'compliance', 'exemption', 'accordance', 'Story', 'Tel', 'Article', 'disclosure', '9.00', '32']",2023-05-03,2023-05-03,finance.yahoo.com
24182,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/maat-pharma-monthly-information-regarding-160000389.html,MaaT Pharma: Monthly Information Regarding the Total Number of Voting Rights and Shares Comprising the Share Capital,"MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the ""Company"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company and a leader in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer ","Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Financial Markets Authority (AMF - Autorité des Marchés Financiers)LYON  France  May 03  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the ""Company"")  a clinical-stage biotechnology company and a leader in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  today published the number of shares comprising the share capital and the total number of voting rights (Article L. 233-8 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)) on April 30  2023.Listing place: Euronext ParisISIN code: FR0012634822Website: www.maatpharma.comDate Total number of shares comprising the share capital Total number oftheoretical voting rights (1) Total number of effective voting rights (2) 04/30/2023 11 551 380 11 551 380 11 551 380(1) In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulation  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including shares whose voting rights have been suspended.(2) Effective voting rights correspond to the total number of voting rights that may be used at a General Meeting. The total number of effective voting rights is calculated without taking into account the shares with suspended voting rights.About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has launched  in March 2022  a Phase 3 clinical trial for patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice.Story continuesMaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as ""target "" ""believe "" ""expect "" ""aim "" ""intend "" ""may "" ""anticipate "" ""estimate "" ""plan "" ""project "" ""will "" ""can have "" ""likely "" ""should "" ""would "" ""could"" and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230503005606/en/ContactsMaaT Pharma – Investor RelationsHervé AFFAGARDCo-Founder and CEOSiân CROUZET  COO/ CFO+33 4 28 29 14 00invest@maat-pharma.comMaaT Pharma – Media RelationsPauline RICHAUDSenior PR & Corporate Communications Manager+33 6 14 06 45 92media@maat-pharma.comTrophic Communications – Corporate and Medical CommunicationsCharlotte SPITZ orStephanie MAY+49 171 351 27 33maat@trophic.eu",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', 'Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Share Capital', 'Information', 'Shares', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'allogeneic stem cell transplantation', 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'share capital Total number', 'French Commercial Code', 'Financial Markets Authority', 'novel disease targets', 'standardized cGMP manufacturing', 'Siân CROUZET', 'Code de commerce', 'Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'theoretical voting rights', 'effective voting rights', 'quality control process', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'AMF General Regulation', 'Phase 2 trial', 'clinical practice', 'microbiome therapies', 'ISIN code', 'Trophic Communications', 'Medical Communications', 'General Regulations', 'General Meeting', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'survival outcomes', 'Listing place', 'complete approach', 'patient-microbiome symbiosis', 'serious complication', 'powerful discovery', 'analysis platform', 'drug candidates', 'microbiome-related conditions', 'full diversity', 'oral formulations', 'world-leading scientists', 'historical fact', 'press release', 'future events', 'similar meaning', 'inherent risks', 'actual results', 'expected results', 'source version', 'Investor Relations', 'Hervé AFFAGARD', 'COO/ CFO', 'Media Relations', 'Pauline RICHAUD', 'Senior PR', 'Charlotte SPITZ', 'MaaT Pharma', 'Euronext Paris', 'acute GvHD', 'other words', 'Stephanie MAY', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Article', 'LYON', 'France', 'leader', 'development', 'MET', 'patients', 'cancer', 'shares', 'April', 'Website', 'maatpharma', 'accordance', 'basis', 'account', 'oncology', 'graft', 'achievement', 'proof', 'concept', 'gutPrint®', 'expansion', 'pipeline', 'biomarkers', 'liquid', 'commitment', 'relationships', 'regulators', 'integration', 'use', 'Story', 'change', 'notice', 'factors', 'limitation', 'project', 'terms', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'businesswire', 'Contacts', 'Founder', 'CEO']",2023-05-03,2023-05-03,finance.yahoo.com
24183,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/touax-disclosure-share-capital-voting-154500973.html,TOUAX : Disclosure of Share Capital and Voting Rights,PM YOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION Disclosure of Share Capital and Voting Rights Disclosure of Share Capital and Voting Rights pursuant to Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.,TOUAXREGULATED INFORMATION Paris  3 May 2023 5:45 PMYOUR OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION FOR SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATIONDisclosure of Share Capital and Voting RightsDisclosure of Share Capital and Voting Rights pursuant to Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers.Register name of the issuer: TOUAX SCA (Euronext Paris: TOUP)Date Total shares outstanding Total voting rights Total exercisable voting rights* April 30  2023 7 011 547 8 350 611 8 265 893* excluding rights attached to shares held in treasury****************TOUAX Group leases out tangible assets (freight railcars  river barges and containers) on a daily basis throughout the world  for its own account and on behalf of third party investors. With €1.3 billion under management  TOUAX is one of the European leaders in the operational leasing of this type of equipment.TOUAX SCA is listed in Paris on EURONEXT – Euronext Paris Compartment C (Code ISIN FR0000033003) and on the CAC® Small and CAC® Mid & Small indexes and in EnterNext PEA-PME.For more information: www.touax.comContacts:TOUAX ACTIFINFabrice & Raphaël WALEWSKI Ghislaine GASPARETTOManaging Partners ggasparetto@actifin.frtouax@touax.comwww.touax.com Tel: +33 (0)1 56 88 11 11Tel: +33 (0)1 46 96 18 00Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Share Capital', 'Voting Rights', 'TOUAX', 'Disclosure', 'Total exercisable voting rights', 'Euronext Paris Compartment C', 'Marchés Financiers', 'third party investors', 'Raphaël WALEWSKI', 'Total voting rights', 'Date Total shares', 'OPERATIONAL LEASING SOLUTION', 'French Commercial Code', 'TOUAX ACTIFIN Fabrice', 'SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORTATION', 'Share Capital', 'Article L.', 'General Regulations', 'Register name', 'tangible assets', 'freight railcars', 'river barges', 'daily basis', 'European leaders', 'Small indexes', 'EnterNext PEA-PME', 'Ghislaine GASPARETTO', 'Managing Partners', 'TOUAX SCA', 'TOUAX Group', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'CAC® Small', 'May', 'Disclosure', 'II', 'des', 'issuer', 'TOUP', 'April', 'treasury', 'containers', 'world', 'account', 'behalf', 'management', 'type', 'equipment', 'Mid', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '45', '1 56']",2023-05-03,2023-05-03,uk.finance.yahoo.com
24184,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.ch-aviation.com/portal/news/127171,Norse Atlantic Airways starts trading on regulated market,Norse Atlantic Airways (N0  Oslo Gardermoen) has started trading on Euronext Expand  one of the Oslo Stock Exchange’s regulated markets  and has issued an additional 60 million shares that were available for trading starting from May 2 ,Norse Atlantic Airways (N0  Oslo Gardermoen) has started trading on Euronext Expand  one of the Oslo Stock Exchange’s regulated markets  and has issued an additional 60 million shares that were available for trading starting from May 2  the low-cost long-haul airline announced in a statement.Norway has three marketplaces for the electronic trading of shares  all of which are managed by Oslo Børs ASA  namely Oslo Børs  which is the main list in the country  Euronext Expand  which mainly consists of medium-sized companies  and Euronext Growth  typically the low-threshold realm of start-ups and smaller firms. The company’s shares began trading on Euronext Expand on April 28.Previously  Norse Atlantic Airways debuted on Euronext Growth  a self-regulated multilateral trading facility  in April 2021  ahead of launching its first flights.“Moving to the regulated markets of Oslo Børs has been a key objective for us  so today marks an important milestone for Norse Atlantic Airways in our pursuit to become a leader in the international low-cost  long-haul market ” Norse Atlantic’s chief executive  Bjørn Tore Larsen  declared in a statement.“Since listing the company on Euronext Growth when we established Norse about two years ago  we have made good progress in our goal to become the first sustainable low-cost  long-haul airline ” he added  urging “potential new investors” to “come onboard.” Norse Atlantic Airways’ shares opened on the day of trading at a price of NOK12.30 kroner (USD1.14).On April 20  Norse Atlantic Airways said it had succeeded in its intention to raise NOK150 million (USD14 million) in fresh capital  in which investors were given the opportunity to buy 60 million new shares.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Norse Atlantic Airways', 'regulated market', 'first sustainable low-cost, long-haul airline', 'international low-cost, long-haul market', 'Bjørn Tore Larsen', 'Oslo Børs ASA', 'low-cost long-haul airline', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Norse Atlantic Airways', 'potential new investors', 'additional 60 million shares', '60 million new shares', 'first flights', 'Oslo Gardermoen', 'regulated markets', 'three marketplaces', 'main list', 'medium-sized companies', 'low-threshold realm', 'smaller firms', 'key objective', 'important milestone', 'chief executive', 'good progress', 'NOK12.30 kroner', 'fresh capital', 'Euronext Expand', 'Euronext Growth', 'electronic trading', 'N0', 'May', 'statement', 'Norway', 'country', 'start-ups', 'company', 'April', 'pursuit', 'leader', 'goal', 'day', 'price', 'intention', 'NOK150', 'opportunity']",2023-05-03,2023-05-03,ch-aviation.com
24185,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/flex-lng-2022-annual-esg-142500992.html,Flex LNG - 2022 Annual ESG Report,Hamilton  Bermuda Flex LNG Ltd. (OSE/NYSE: FLNG) today release its 2022 Annual ESG Report. This is the fifth edition of our ESG report after the inaugural report in 2018 and contains key information about our commitment to the Environment ,"FLEX LNGMay 3  2023Hamilton  BermudaFlex LNG Ltd. (OSE/NYSE: FLNG) today release its 2022 Annual ESG Report. This is the fifth edition of our ESG report after the inaugural report in 2018 and contains key information about our commitment to the Environment  Social development  and Governance (“ESG”) issues.The report presents our material ESG performance  along with how we manage material sustainability topics  for the financial year ended December 31  2022.The ESG report is prepared in accordance with requirements of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board’s (SASB) Marine Transportation Standard (2018) and the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards (2021). It is based on the NASDAQ ESG Reporting Guide 2.0 and Euronext Guidelines to issuers for ESG reporting. The report is also prepared in line with the disclosure requirements of the UN Global Compact.The ESG report attached is also available on the company’s website www.flexlng.com. An index of disclosures responding to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI  core option) is also available on our website.Øystein M. Kalleklev  Chief Executive Officer of Flex LNG Management AS  commented:“We are pleased to publish our fifth edition of the annual ESG report. ESG is an integral part of our business strategy and we will continue to broaden the scope of our initiatives and our ESG reporting. In 2022 we broadened the reporting scope with also reporting under the Climate Disclosure Project (“CDP”) where the score of B- was released in December last year. Further in 2022 we established a ESG committee and incorporated ESG as part of the executive pay considerations. Our business strategy is to transport LNG  which is primarily utilized to replace coal and to some extent diesel in power generation  in the safest way with as little impact on the environment as possible. Replacing coal with natural gas cuts CO2 emissions by about half  but also cleans up the local environment due to the clean burning properties of natural gas.”Story continuesFor further queries  please contact:Øystein M. Kalleklev  Chief Executive Officer of Flex LNG Management ASTelephone: +47 23 11 40 00About FLEX LNGFlex LNG is a shipping company focused on the growing market for Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG). Our fleet consists of thirteen LNG carriers on the water and all of our vessels are state-of-the-art ships with the latest generation two-stroke propulsion (MEGI and X-DF). These modern ships offer significant improvements in fuel efficiency and thus also carbon footprint compared to the older steam and four-stroke propelled ships. We have built up a significant contract backlog  having fixed 12 of our 13 vessels on long term fixed-rate charter contracts. Flex LNG is listed both on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and Oslo Stock Exchange (OSE) under the ticker ""FLNG"". For more information  go to: www.flexlng.com.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading ActAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.22,0.24,True,English,"['2022 Annual ESG Report', 'Flex LNG', 'long term fixed-rate charter contracts', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act Attachment', 'SASB) Marine Transportation Standard', 'latest generation two-stroke propulsion', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Sustainability Accounting Standards Board', 'Flex LNG Management AS', 'NASDAQ ESG Reporting Guide', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'material sustainability topics', 'UN Global Compact', 'Øystein M. Kalleklev', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'executive pay considerations', 'clean burning properties', 'significant contract backlog', 'Global Reporting Initiative', 'thirteen LNG carriers', 'Climate Disclosure Project', 'four-stroke propelled ships', 'material ESG performance', 'Flex LNG Ltd', 'Liquefied Natural Gas', '2022 Annual ESG Report', 'The ESG report', 'power generation', 'GRI) Standards', 'significant improvements', 'art ships', 'modern ships', 'ESG”) issues', 'ESG committee', 'inaugural report', 'fifth edition', 'Social development', 'financial year', 'Euronext Guidelines', 'disclosure requirements', 'core option', 'business strategy', 'safest way', 'little impact', 'CO2 emissions', 'growing market', 'fuel efficiency', 'carbon footprint', 'older steam', 'reporting scope', 'integral part', 'shipping company', 'key information', 'local environment', 'Hamilton', 'Bermuda', 'FLNG', 'commitment', 'Governance', 'accordance', 'issuers', 'website', 'index', 'disclosures', 'initiatives', 'CDP', 'score', 'December', 'coal', 'extent', 'diesel', 'half', 'Story', 'queries', 'Telephone', 'fleet', 'water', 'vessels', 'MEGI', 'X-DF', 'NYSE', 'OSE', 'ticker', 'Section']",2023-05-03,2023-05-03,uk.finance.yahoo.com
24186,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.benzinga.com/pressreleases/23/05/n32179929/lytix-biopharma-to-present-at-the-frontiers-in-cancer-immunotherapy-2023-invited-by-new-york-acade,Lytix Biopharma to present at the 'Frontiers in Cancer Immunotherapy 2023'  invited by New York Academy of Sciences,"Lytix Biopharma - Lytix Biopharma AS (""Lytix"") (Euronext Growth Oslo: LYTIX)  a Norwegian immuno-oncology company - is pleased to announce that Dr Øystein Rekdal  CEO in","OSLO  Norway  May 3  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Lytix Biopharma - Lytix Biopharma AS (""Lytix"") (Euronext Growth Oslo: LYTIX)  a Norwegian immuno-oncology company - is pleased to announce that Dr Øystein Rekdal  CEO in Lytix Biopharma  today will give an oral presentation at the `Frontiers in Cancer Immunotherapy 2023' conference  which is taking place in New York  USA.Dr Rekdal has been invited by the New York Academy of Sciences to discuss how tumor-directed strategies enable superior immune-stimulation of `cold' non-infiltrated tumors  in a joint presentation with Lorenzo Galluzzi  PhD  Weill Cornell Medicine. In his presentation  Rekdal will put particular emphasis on the efficacy data achieved in human clinical trials performed with LTX-315 and how oncolytic molecules can address the challenge represented by the modest activity of immune checkpoint inhibitors (ICIs) in patients with immunologically `cold' tumors. The presentation will be performed in Session 9: Cancer Vaccines  on May 3.""Our technology platform delivers molecules with the potential to recruit immune cells into the tumor microenvironment in support of strong anticancer immunity  solving one of the major hurdles in cancer treatment. We are grateful for being invited by the New York Academy of Sciences (NYAS) to this conference and to present our clinical data confirming the strong pre-clinical evidence of our proposed solution to the problem of `cold' tumors in cancer immunotherapy""  says Dr. Øystein Rekdal.Title: `Clinically Viable Tumor-Directed Strategies to Enable Superior Immunostimulation in Cold Neoplasms'Date and time: Wednesday May 3  2023  at 14.30-15.00 ETAbout the CongressOver the last 10 years  cancer immunotherapy has seen tremendous scientific development and clinical success. The field of immuno-oncology continues to advance at a rapid pace  with great potential to further revolutionize patient outcomes. The conference provides an opportunity to be part of the leading forum for scientists and clinicians to keep up with the latest trends and developments in the field. At the conference world-renowned leaders in the field like Nobel Laureate Dr. James Allison (University of Texas  MD Anderson Cancer Center)  Dr. Nina Bhardwaj (Icahn School of Medicine  Mount Sinai)  and Dr. Robert D. Schreiber (Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis) will deliver keynote presentations. Speakers from leading biotech and life sciences companies including Enable Medicine  Gritstone Bio  Infinity Pharmaceuticals  and Lytix Biopharma will complement the presentations with evidence from industrial-academic collaborations.https://events.nyas.org/event/b42eef99-1a18-41dc-9322-17c52d483a4a/summaryFor more information  please contact:Øystein Rekdal  CEO: oystein.rekdal@lytixbiopharma.comOle Peter Nordby  Head of IR: ole.peter.nordby@lytixbiopharma.comView original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/lytix-biopharma-to-present-at-the-frontiers-in-cancer-immunotherapy-2023-invited-by-new-york-academy-of-sciences-301814245.htmlSOURCE Lytix Biopharma AS",neutral,0.0,0.96,0.04,mixed,0.72,0.11,0.17,True,English,"['New York Academy', 'Lytix Biopharma', 'Cancer Immunotherapy', 'Frontiers', 'Sciences', 'Nobel Laureate Dr. James Allison', 'Dr. Robert D. Schreiber', 'MD Anderson Cancer Center', 'SOURCE Lytix Biopharma AS', 'Dr. Nina Bhardwaj', 'strong anticancer immunity', 'tremendous scientific development', 'immune checkpoint inhibitors', 'human clinical trials', 'New York Academy', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'Norwegian immuno-oncology company', 'Dr Øystein Rekdal', 'strong pre-clinical evidence', 'Dr. Øystein Rekdal', 'Viable Tumor-Directed Strategies', 'Weill Cornell Medicine', ""cold' non-infiltrated tumors"", 'Washington University School', 'life sciences companies', 'Ole Peter Nordby', ""Cancer Immunotherapy 2023' conference"", 'Dr Rekdal', ""cold' tumors"", 'Cancer Vaccines', 'immune cells', 'cancer treatment', 'Icahn School', 'clinical data', 'clinical success', 'Cold Neoplasms', 'superior immune-stimulation', 'Lorenzo Galluzzi', 'particular emphasis', 'efficacy data', 'modest activity', 'technology platform', 'tumor microenvironment', 'major hurdles', 'Superior Immunostimulation', 'last 10 years', 'rapid pace', 'patient outcomes', 'leading forum', 'latest trends', 'world-renowned leaders', 'Mount Sinai', 'St. Louis', 'leading biotech', 'Gritstone Bio', 'industrial-academic collaborations', 'original content', 'Enable Medicine', 'oral presentation', 'joint presentation', 'oncolytic molecules', 'great potential', 'keynote presentations', 'Norway', 'PRNewswire', 'CEO', 'Frontiers', 'place', 'USA', 'PhD', 'LTX-315', 'challenge', 'ICIs', 'patients', 'Session', 'May', 'support', 'NYAS', 'solution', 'problem', 'Title', 'Date', 'time', 'Wednesday', '14.30-15.00', 'Congress', 'field', 'opportunity', 'scientists', 'clinicians', 'developments', 'Texas', 'Speakers', 'Infinity Pharmaceuticals', 'events', 'information', 'Head', 'cancer-immunotherapy', 'new-york-academy']",2023-05-03,2023-05-03,benzinga.com
24187,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.marketwatch.com/press-release/innate-pharma-highlights-clinical-abstracts-selected-for-asco-2023-annual-meeting-2023-05-03,Innate Pharma Highlights Clinical Abstracts Selected for ASCO 2023 Annual Meeting,Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) announced today three abstracts including Innate’s product candidates have been accepted for the American Society for Clinical Oncology (ASCO) 2023 Annual Meeting ,"The MarketWatch News Department was not involved in the creation of this content.MARSEILLE  France  (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) announced today three abstracts including Innate’s product candidates have been accepted for the American Society for Clinical Oncology (ASCO) 2023 Annual Meeting  taking place June 2-6  2023 in Chicago  IL.One abstract for SAR’579  currently developed by Sanofi  has been selected for oral presentation. SAR’579 is a potential first-in-class NKp46/CD16-based NK cell engager targeting CD123 using Innate’s proprietary multi-specific antibody format ANKET®.Two abstracts with monalizumab in non-small cell lung cancer clinical trials led by AstraZeneca have been accepted for trial in progress posters.ASCO abstract title details:SAR’579 / IPH6101Abstract: 7005Abstract Title: A first-in-human study of CD123 NK cell engager SAR443579 in relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia  B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia  or high-risk myelodysplasia.Session Type/Title: Oral Abstract Session - Hematologic Malignancies – Leukemia  Myelodysplastic Syndromes  and AllotransplantSession Date and Time: 6/2/2023  1:00 PM - 4:00 PMMonalizumabAbstract: TPS8610 Poster Bd# 231bAbstract Title: Phase 3 study of durvalumab combined with oleclumab or monalizumab in patients with unresectable stage III NSCLC (PACIFIC-9).Session Type/Title: Poster Session – Lung Cancer - Non-Small Cell Local-Regional/Small Cell/Other Thoracic CancersSession Date and Time: 6/4/2023  8:00 AM EDTAbstract: TPS8604 Poster Bd# 228bAbstract Title: NeoCOAST-2: A phase 2 study of neoadjuvant durvalumab plus novel immunotherapies (IO) and chemotherapy (CT) or MEDI5752 (volrustomig) plus CT  followed by surgery and adjuvant durvalumab plus novel IO or volrustomig alone in patients with resectable non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC).Session Type/Title: Poster Session – Lung Cancer - Non-Small Cell Local-Regional/Small Cell/Other Thoracic CancersSession Date and Time: 6/4/2023  8:00 AM EDTAccording to ASCO Annual Meeting  full abstracts will become public at 5:00 PM EDT on May 25  2023. More details about the programs for the ASCO Annual Meetings are available online at www.asco.comAbout ANKET®ANKET® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) is Innate's proprietary platform for developing next-generation  multi-specific natural killer (NK) cell engagers to treat certain types of cancer.This versatile  fit-for-purpose technology is creating an entirely new class of molecules to induce synthetic immunity against cancer.About the Innate-Sanofi agreement:The Company has a research collaboration and licensing agreement with Sanofi to apply Innate’s proprietary technology to the development of innovative multi-specific antibody formats engaging NK cells through the activating receptors NKp46 and CD16 to kill tumor cells.Under the terms of the 2016 research collaboration and licensing agreement  Sanofi is responsible for the development  manufacturing and commercialization of products resulting from the research collaboration  which includes IPH6101/SAR’579 (CD123 NK Cell Engager) and IPH6401/SAR’514 (BCMA NK Cell Engager). Innate Pharma will be eligible to up to €400m in development and commercial milestone payments as well as royalties on net sales.Under the terms of a new license agreement entered in December 2022  which includes IPH62 (B7-H3 NK Cell Engager) and 2 options  Innate received €25m upfront payment and is eligible for up to €1.35bn total in preclinical  clinical  regulatory and commercial milestones plus royalties on potential net sales. Upon candidate selection  Sanofi will be responsible for all development  manufacturing and commercializationAbout Monalizumab:Monalizumab is a potentially first-in-class immune checkpoint inhibitor targeting NKG2A receptors expressed on tumor infiltrating cytotoxic CD8+ T cells and NK cells.NKG2A is an inhibitory checkpoint receptor for HLA-E. By expressing HLA-E  cancer cells can protect themselves from killing by NKG2A+ immune cells. HLA-E is frequently overexpressed in the cancer cells of many solid tumors and hematological malignancies. Monalizumab may reestablish a broad anti-tumor response mediated by NK and T cells  and may enhance the cytotoxic potential of other therapeutic antibodies1.AstraZeneca obtained full oncology rights to monalizumab in October 2018 through a co-development and commercialization agreement initiated in 2015. The ongoing development for monalizumab is focused on investigating monalizumab in various combination strategies in different malignancies.About the Innate-AstraZeneca monalizumab agreement:In October 2018  AstraZeneca obtained full oncology rights to monalizumab by exercising its option under the co-development and commercialization agreement initiated in 2015.The financial terms of the agreement include potential cash payments up to $1.275 billion to Innate Pharma. Including the $50 million payment triggered by dosing the first patient in the Phase 3 PACIFIC-9 clinical trial  Innate Pharma has received $450 million to date.For any commercialized oncology indication  AstraZeneca will book all sales revenue and will pay Innate low double-digit to mid-teen percentage royalties on net sales worldwide except in Europe where Innate Pharma will receive 50% share of the profits and losses in the territory. Innate will co-fund 30% of the costs of the Phase 3 development program of monalizumab with a pre-agreed limitation of Innate’s financial commitment.About Innate PharmaInnate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage biotechnology company developing immunotherapies for cancer patients. Its innovative approach aims to harness the innate immune system through therapeutic antibodies and its ANKET® (Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics) proprietary platform.Innate’s portfolio includes lead proprietary program lacutamab  developed in advanced form of cutaneous T cell lymphomas and peripheral T cell lymphomas  monalizumab developed with AstraZeneca in non-small cell lung cancer  as well as ANKET® multi-specific NK cell engagers to address multiple tumor types.Innate Pharma is a trusted partner to biopharmaceutical companies such as Sanofi and AstraZeneca  as well as leading research institutions  to accelerate innovation  research and development for the benefit of patients.Headquartered in Marseille  France with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com and follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn.______________________________1 André et al  Cell 2018Information about Innate Pharma sharesISIN code Ticker code LEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factorsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts and the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230502006194/en/SOURCE: Innate Pharma SAInvestorsInnate PharmaHenry WheelerTel.: +33 (0)4 84 90 32 88Henry.wheeler@innate-pharma.frMedia RelationsNewCapArthur RouilléTel.: +33 (0)1 44 71 00 15innate@newcap.euCOMTEX_431539047/2456/2023-05-03T01:00:22Is there a problem with this press release? Contact the source provider Comtex at editorial@comtex.com. You can also contact MarketWatch Customer Service via our Customer Center.Copyright Business Wire 2023",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.17,0.83,True,English,"['Innate Pharma Highlights Clinical Abstracts', 'ASCO 2023 Annual Meeting', 'small cell lung cancer clinical trials', 'Antibody-based NK cell Engager Therapeutics', 'next-generation, multi-specific natural killer', 'innovative multi-specific antibody formats', 'BCMA NK Cell Engager', 'B7-H3 NK Cell Engager', 'The MarketWatch News Department', 'refractory acute myeloid leukemia', 'B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'proprietary multi-specific antibody format', 'unresectable stage III NSCLC', 'class immune checkpoint inhibitor', 'class NKp46/CD16-based NK cell', 'resectable non-small-cell lung cancer', 'CD123 NK Cell Engager', 'cytotoxic CD8+ T cells', 'NK) cell engagers', 'preclinical, clinical, regulatory', 'inhibitory checkpoint receptor', 'ASCO abstract title details', 'Other Thoracic Cancers', 'many solid tumors', 'broad anti-tumor response', 'other therapeutic antibodies', 'various combination strategies', 'NKG2A+ immune cells', 'TPS8610 Poster Bd', 'TPS8604 Poster Bd', 'commercial milestone payments', 'full oncology rights', 'potential cash payments', 'ASCO Annual Meetings', 'new license agreement', 'potential net sales', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Oral Abstract Session', 'Clinical Oncology', 'Innate-AstraZeneca monalizumab agreement', 'new class', 'Non-Small Cell', 'NK cells', 'cytotoxic potential', '2023 Annual Meeting', 'More details', 'cancer cells', 'full abstracts', 'proprietary platform', 'proprietary technology', 'Poster Session', 'oral presentation', 'The Company', 'commercial milestones', 'Session Type/Title', 'Session Date', 'Innate-Sanofi agreement', 'licensing agreement', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Euronext Paris', 'three abstracts', 'product candidates', 'American Society', 'One abstract', 'Two abstracts', 'progress posters', 'human study', 'high-risk myelodysplasia', 'Hematologic Malignancies', 'Myelodysplastic Syndromes', 'Phase 3 study', 'phase 2 study', 'novel immunotherapies', 'purpose technology', 'synthetic immunity', 'research collaboration', 'activating receptors', 'upfront payment', '35bn total', 'candidate selection', 'hematological malignancies', 'different malignancies', '$50 million payment', 'first patient', 'tumor cells', 'neoadjuvant durvalumab', 'commercialization agreement', 'novel IO', 'NKG2A receptors', 'financial terms', 'ongoing development', 'creation', 'content', 'MARSEILLE', 'France', 'IPH', 'Nasdaq', 'place', 'Chicago', 'SAR', 'ANKET', 'Allotransplant', 'Time', 'oleclumab', 'patients', '8:00 AM', 'NeoCOAST', 'chemotherapy', 'MEDI5752', 'volrustomig', 'surgery', 'May', 'programs', 'types', 'molecules', 'manufacturing', 'products', 'royalties', 'December', '2 options', 'HLA-E.', 'October', '1:00', '4:00', '5:00']",2023-05-03,2023-05-03,marketwatch.com
