UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
49265,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/613946-french-defense-minister-ukraine-frozen-russian-assets/,France to fund Ukrainian military with interest from frozen Russian assets,Russia’s top MP has denounced the plan announced by the French defense chief as a violation of international law Read Full Article at RT.com,Russia’s top MP has denounced the plan as a violation of international lawFrance will use interest accrued on Russian assets frozen in European banks to buy weapons for the Ukrainian military  the country’s defense minister  Sebastien Lecornu  has announced. Russian State Duma Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin has criticized the decision  stating it contravenes international law.Multiple Western states froze an estimated $300 billion worth of Russian sovereign funds following the escalation of the Ukraine conflict in February 2022. Approximately $213 billion is held by the Brussels-based clearing house Euroclear. The assets have already generated billions in interest  of which Euroclear already transferred €1.55 billion ($1.63 billion) directly to Ukraine last July.In an interview to France’s La Tribune Dimanche on Saturday  Lecornu said that “thanks to interest from frozen Russian assets  we will also tap new funds worth 195 million euros.” He revealed that Paris would use the money to finance the delivery to Kiev of 155-mm artillery shells and glide bombs compatible with the Mirage 2000 fighter jets that France has handed over to Ukraine.The official added that France also plans to supply an unspecified number of armored fighting vehicles  including the AMX-10 RC.Volodin  the chairman of the State Duma  the lower house of the Russian parliament  denounced the scheme as contravening international law.“What is obviously hysteria born of impotence has finally gotten the better of reason ” the MP said on Sunday.Responding to a similar move by the UK on Friday  Volodin warned that London “will have to give back to Russia what they are now so generously giving away ” adding that Moscow has “every reason to respond in kind.”The remarks came shortly after Ukrainian Prime Minister Denis Shmigal confirmed that Kiev had received a first tranche worth about $1 billion from London  secured by the proceeds from the Russian assets.Late last year  the US also transferred the first $1 billion installment of a $20 billion US loan backed by interest earned from the immobilized Russian assets.Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said at the time that “this money was stolen from us. Our assets have been frozen absolutely illegally  against all norms and rules.” He added that Russia would exhaust all legal avenues to protect its property and rights.While Kiev has long been pressing its Western backers to outright expropriate the frozen Russian assets to finance its military and reconstruction efforts  a number of EU member states  most notably Germany  France  and Italy  have been reluctant to do so  citing legal concerns. The International Monetary Fund has also warned that appropriating the funds without a clear legal basis could undermine global confidence in Western financial institutions.,neutral,0.03,0.8,0.17,negative,0.0,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['Ukrainian military', 'Russian assets', 'France', 'interest', 'Russian State Duma Speaker Vyacheslav Volodin', 'Ukrainian Prime Minister Denis Shmigal', 'The International Monetary Fund', 'La Tribune Dimanche', '155-mm artillery shells', 'Mirage 2000 fighter jets', 'armored fighting vehicles', 'EU member states', 'Multiple Western states', 'Western financial institutions', 'Brussels-based clearing house', 'clear legal basis', 'first $1 billion installment', 'Russian sovereign funds', 'defense minister', 'Ukrainian military', 'Western backers', 'Russian parliament', 'international law', 'lower house', 'first tranche', 'Russian assets', '$300 billion worth', 'legal avenues', 'legal concerns', 'European banks', 'new funds', '195 million euros', 'AMX-10 RC', 'similar move', 'Kremlin spokesman', 'Dmitry Peskov', 'reconstruction efforts', 'global confidence', '$20 billion US', 'top MP', 'Sebastien Lecornu', 'unspecified number', 'Ukraine conflict', 'plan', 'violation', 'France', 'interest', 'weapons', 'country', 'decision', 'escalation', 'February', 'Euroclear', 'billions', 'interview', 'Saturday', 'Paris', 'money', 'delivery', 'Kiev', 'bombs', 'official', 'chairman', 'scheme', 'hysteria', 'impotence', 'reason', 'Sunday', 'Friday', 'London', 'Moscow', 'kind', 'remarks', 'proceeds', 'time', 'norms', 'rules', 'property', 'rights', 'Germany', 'Italy']",2025-03-09,2025-03-10,rt.com
49266,Euroclear,Bing API,https://english.nv.ua/business/euroclear-bolsters-security-amid-fears-of-russian-operatives-50496612.html,Top-officials of firm managing frozen Russian assets now under guard - Le Monde,The Belgian depository Euroclear  which holds the largest share of Russia’s frozen assets ($198.3 billion)  has hired French security firm Amarante to protect its executives and their families  Le Monde reported on March 6.,"Top-officials of firm managing frozen Russian assets now under guard - Le Monde 10 March  02:48 PM The Kremlin (Photo: REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov)The Belgian depository Euroclear  which holds the largest share of Russia’s frozen assets ($198.3 billion)  has hired French security firm Amarante to protect its executives and their families  Le Monde reported on March 6.A joint investigation by the newspaper revealed that Euroclear’s CEO Valérie Urbain and seven other executive committee members have been under protection for several months.“As an international financial market infrastructure  we remain extremely vigilant and take all necessary measures to protect our teams and offices "" Euroclear spokesperson said.Ad""These measures are continuously reviewed.”Anonymous sources indicated that Euroclear’s leadership fears Russian agents  especially after threats against the CEO of German defense giant Rheinmetall  Armin Papperger.Russian assassination threats and security concernsEarlier reports revealed that Rheinmetall’s CEO was placed under high-level security  similar to that of a federal chancellor  after intelligence uncovered Russian plans to assassinate him.On Jan. 28   NATO’s Deputy Assistant Secretary General for Innovation  Hybrid  and Cyber Technologies James Appathurai confirmed that Russia plotted to kill Armin Papperger.confirmed that On July 11  2024   CNN reported that U.S. intelligence had uncovered a Russian government plan to assassinate the head of a major German weapons manufacturer supplying Ukraine with artillery shells and military equipment.Read also: Putin complained about Rheinmetall CEO Papperger to his security officialsRheinmetall  a major German defense conglomerate  has been supplying ammunition and military equipment to Ukraine. In October 2023  it established a joint venture with Ukraine’s defense industry.Euroclear’s role in Ukraine aid and frozen Russian assetsIn February 2025   Euroclear announced plans for a second tranche of payments to Ukraine.  Euroclear announced plans for In March 2025   €2 billion ($2.1 billion_ in interest earnings from frozen Russian assets will be transferred to an EU-managed fund supporting Ukraine.  will be transferred to supporting Ukraine. After Russia’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine   the EU and G7 countries froze approximately €300 billion ($325.05 billion) in Russian currency reserves  with the majority held by Euroclear.  the ($325.05 billion) in Russian currency reserves  with the majority held by Ukrainian Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal said that Ukraine will begin receiving the first tranches from the $50 billion in frozen Russian assets in 2025.Will you support Ukraine’s free press? Dear reader  as all news organizations  we must balance the pressures of delivering timely  accurate  and relevant stories with requirements to fund our business operations. As a Ukrainian-based media  we also have another responsibility – to amplify Ukraine’s voice to the world during the crucial moment of its existence as a political nation. It’s the support of our readers that lets us continue doing our job. We keep our essential reporting free because we believe in our ultimate purpose: an independent  democratic Ukraine. If you’re willing to support Ukraine  consider subscribing to our Patreon starting from 5$ per month. We are immensely grateful.Please help us continue fighting Russian propaganda. Truth can be hard to tell from fiction these days. Every viewpoint has its audience of backers and supporters  no matter how absurd. If conscious disinformation is reinforced by state propaganda apparatus and budget  its outcomes may become deadly. There is no solution to this  other than independent  honest  and accurate reporting. We remain committed to empowering the Ukrainian voice to push against the muck. If you’re willing to stand up for the truth – consider supporting us on Patreon starting from 5$ per month. Thank you very much.Will you help tell Ukraine’s story to the world? Twenty years ago  most people hadn’t even heard of Ukraine. Today  the country is on everyone’s lips and everyone’s headlines. War pushed us on the front page. But there are many other things we do that we are proud of – from music and culture to technology. We need your help to tell the world Ukrainian story of resilience  joy  and survival. If you’re willing to back our effort  consider supporting us on Patreon starting from 5$ per month. We are immensely grateful.Follow us on Twitter  Facebook and Google News",neutral,0.02,0.9,0.08,mixed,0.3,0.22,0.49,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'Le Monde', 'Top-officials', 'firm', 'guard', 'seven other executive committee members', 'Ukrainian Prime Minister Denys Shmyhal', 'international financial market infrastructure', 'Deputy Assistant Secretary General', 'Cyber Technologies James Appathurai', 'major German weapons manufacturer', 'major German defense conglomerate', 'German defense giant Rheinmetall', 'many other things', 'Valérie Urbain', 'Russian government plan', 'Russian currency reserves', 'state propaganda apparatus', 'U.S. intelligence', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Russian assassination threats', 'Belgian depository Euroclear', 'French security firm', 'independent, democratic Ukraine', 'world Ukrainian story', 'Rheinmetall CEO Papperger', 'defense industry', 'Russian propaganda', 'Ukrainian voice', 'Russian agents', 'Armin Papperger', 'security concerns', 'high-level security', 'security officials', 'Le Monde', 'The Kremlin', 'Maxim Shemetov', 'largest share', 'joint investigation', 'several months', 'Anonymous sources', 'Earlier reports', 'federal chancellor', 'artillery shells', 'military equipment', 'joint venture', 'second tranche', 'EU-managed fund', 'full-scale invasion', 'G7 countries', 'first tranches', 'free press', 'Dear reader', 'news organizations', 'relevant stories', 'business operations', 'Ukrainian-based media', 'crucial moment', 'political nation', 'essential reporting', 'ultimate purpose', 'conscious disinformation', 'accurate reporting', 'most people', 'front page', 'Google News', 'Russian plans', 'necessary measures', 'Euroclear spokesperson', 'Ukraine aid', 'Top-officials', 'guard', 'March', 'Photo', 'Amarante', 'executives', 'families', 'newspaper', 'protection', 'teams', 'offices', 'leadership', 'Jan.', 'NATO', 'Innovation', 'Hybrid', 'July', 'CNN', 'head', 'Putin', 'ammunition', 'October', 'role', 'February', 'payments', 'interest', 'earnings', 'majority', 'pressures', 'requirements', 'responsibility', 'existence', 'support', 'readers', 'job', 'Patreon', 'Truth', 'fiction', 'viewpoint', 'audience', 'backers', 'budget', 'outcomes', 'solution', 'muck', 'country', 'everyone', 'lips', 'War', 'music', 'culture', 'technology', 'help', 'resilience', 'joy', 'survival', 'effort', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', '48']",2025-03-10,2025-03-10,english.nv.ua
49267,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/shell-plc-fourth-quarter-2024-070000764.html,Shell plc Fourth Quarter 2024 Euro and GBP Equivalent Dividend Payments,EURO AND GBP EQUIVALENT DIVIDEND PAYMENTS March 10  2025 The Board of Shell plc today announced the pounds sterling and euro equivalent dividend payments in respect of the fourth quarter 2024 interim dividend ,The companies in which Shell plc directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this announcement “Shell”  “Shell Group” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise  the words “we”  “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Shell plc and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them. These terms are also used where no useful purpose is served by identifying the particular entity or entities. ‘‘Subsidiaries’’  “Shell subsidiaries” and “Shell companies” as used in this announcement refer to entities over which Shell plc either directly or indirectly has control. The terms “joint venture”  “joint operations”  “joint arrangements”  and “associates” may also be used to refer to a commercial arrangement in which Shell has a direct or indirect ownership interest with one or more parties. The term “Shell interest” is used for convenience to indicate the direct and/or indirect ownership interest held by Shell in an entity or unincorporated joint arrangement  after exclusion of all third-party interest.Note A different currency election date may apply to shareholders holding shares in a securities account with a bank or financial institution ultimately holding through Euroclear Nederland. This may also apply to other shareholders who do not hold their shares either directly on the Register of Members or in the corporate sponsored nominee arrangement. Shareholders can contact their broker  financial intermediary  bank or financial institution for the election deadline that applies.Euro and pounds sterling dividends payable in cash have been converted from US dollars based on an average of market exchange rates over the three dealing days from March 5 to March 7  2025. This dividend will be payable on March 24  2025 to those members whose names were on the Register of Members on February 14  2025.Absent any valid election to the contrary  persons holding their ordinary shares through Euroclear Nederland will receive their dividends in euros at the euro rate per ordinary share shown above. Absent any valid election to the contrary  shareholders (both holding in certificated and uncertificated form (CREST members)) and persons holding their shares through the Shell Corporate Nominee will receive their dividends in pounds sterling  at the pound sterling rate per ordinary share shown above.Shareholders have been able to elect to receive their dividends in US dollars  euros or pounds sterling. Holders of ordinary shares who have validly submitted US dollars  euros or pounds sterling currency elections by February 28  2025 will be entitled to a dividend of US$0.358  €0.3315 or 27.79p per ordinary share  respectively.Story ContinuesForward-Looking StatementsThis announcement contains forward-looking statements (within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) concerning the financial condition  results of operations and businesses of Shell. All statements other than statements of historical fact are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. Forward-looking statements include  among other things  statements concerning the potential exposure of Shell to market risks and statements expressing management’s expectations  beliefs  estimates  forecasts  projections and assumptions. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”; “ambition”; ‘‘anticipate’’; ‘‘believe’’; “commit”; “commitment”; ‘‘could’’; ‘‘estimate’’; ‘‘expect’’; ‘‘goals’’; ‘‘intend’’; ‘‘may’’; “milestones”; ‘‘objectives’’; ‘‘outlook’’; ‘‘plan’’; ‘‘probably’’; ‘‘project’’; ‘‘risks’’; “schedule”; ‘‘seek’’; ‘‘should’’; ‘‘target’’; ‘‘will’’; “would” and similar terms and phrases. There are a number of factors that could affect the future operations of Shell and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements included in this announcement  including (without limitation): (a) price fluctuations in crude oil and natural gas; (b) changes in demand for Shell’s products; (c) currency fluctuations; (d) drilling and production results; (e) reserves estimates; (f) loss of market share and industry competition; (g) environmental and physical risks; (h) risks associated with the identification of suitable potential acquisition properties and targets  and successful negotiation and completion of such transactions; (i) the risk of doing business in developing countries and countries subject to international sanctions; (j) legislative  judicial  fiscal and regulatory developments including regulatory measures addressing climate change; (k) economic and financial market conditions in various countries and regions; (l) political risks  including the risks of expropriation and renegotiation of the terms of contracts with governmental entities  delays or advancements in the approval of projects and delays in the reimbursement for shared costs; (m) risks associated with the impact of pandemics  such as the COVID-19 (coronavirus) outbreak  regional conflicts  such as the Russia-Ukraine war  and a significant cyber security breach; and (n) changes in trading conditions. No assurance is provided that future dividend payments will match or exceed previous dividend payments. All forward-looking statements contained in this announcement are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Additional risk factors that may affect future results are contained in Shell plc’s Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023 (available at www.shell.com/investors/news-and-filings/sec-filings.html and www.sec.gov ). These risk factors also expressly qualify all forward-looking statements contained in this announcement and should be considered by the reader. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of this announcement  March 10  2025. Neither Shell plc nor any of its subsidiaries undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information  future events or other information. In light of these risks  results could differ materially from those stated  implied or inferred from the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement.Shell’s Net Carbon IntensityAlso  in this announcement we may refer to Shell’s “Net Carbon Intensity” (NCI)  which includes Shell’s carbon emissions from the production of our energy products  our suppliers’ carbon emissions in supplying energy for that production and our customers’ carbon emissions associated with their use of the energy products we sell. Shell’s NCI also includes the emissions associated with the production and use of energy products produced by others which Shell purchases for resale. Shell only controls its own emissions. The use of the terms Shell’s “Net Carbon Intensity” or NCI is for convenience only and not intended to suggest these emissions are those of Shell plc or its subsidiaries.Shell’s net-zero emissions targetShell’s operating plan  outlook and budgets are forecasted for a ten-year period and are updated every year. They reflect the current economic environment and what we can reasonably expect to see over the next ten years. Accordingly  they reflect our Scope 1  Scope 2 and NCI targets over the next ten years. However  Shell’s operating plans cannot reflect our 2050 net-zero emissions target  as this target is currently outside our planning period. In the future  as society moves towards net-zero emissions  we expect Shell’s operating plans to reflect this movement. However  if society is not net zero in 2050  as of today  there would be significant risk that Shell may not meet this target.Forward Looking Non-GAAP measuresThis announcement may contain certain forward-looking non-GAAP measures such as cash capital expenditure and divestments. We are unable to provide a reconciliation of these forward-looking non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures because certain information needed to reconcile those non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP financial measures is dependent on future events some of which are outside the control of Shell  such as oil and gas prices  interest rates and exchange rates. Moreover  estimating such GAAP measures with the required precision necessary to provide a meaningful reconciliation is extremely difficult and could not be accomplished without unreasonable effort. Non-GAAP measures in respect of future periods which cannot be reconciled to the most comparable GAAP financial measure are calculated in a manner which is consistent with the accounting policies applied in Shell plc’s consolidated financial statements.The contents of websites referred to in this announcement do not form part of this announcement.We may have used certain terms  such as resources  in this announcement that the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) strictly prohibits us from including in our filings with the SEC. Investors are urged to consider closely the disclosure in our Form 20-F  File No 1-32575  available on the SEC website www.sec.gov .LEI number of Shell plc: 21380068P1DRHMJ8KU70Classification: Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of the United Kingdom,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.09,0.15,0.77,True,English,"['GBP Equivalent Dividend Payments', 'Fourth Quarter', 'Shell', 'U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'different currency election date', 'pounds sterling currency elections', 'three dealing days', 'indirect ownership interest', 'market exchange rates', 'suitable potential acquisition', 'pound sterling rate', 'financial market conditions', 'separate legal entities', 'unincorporated joint arrangement', 'securities account', 'Shell Corporate Nominee', 'currency fluctuations', 'nominee arrangement', 'third-party interest', 'election deadline', 'valid election', 'potential exposure', 'market share', 'commercial arrangement', 'joint venture', 'joint arrangements', 'financial institution', 'financial intermediary', 'financial condition', 'Shell interest', 'market risks', 'useful purpose', 'Euroclear Nederland', 'sterling dividends', 'US dollars', 'euro rate', 'ordinary share', 'uncertificated form', 'historical fact', 'other things', 'price fluctuations', 'crude oil', 'natural gas', 'industry competition', 'successful negotiation', 'international sanctions', 'regulatory developments', 'regulatory measures', 'climate change', 'joint operations', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'future operations', 'developing countries', 'various countries', 'Shell plc', 'unknown risks', 'physical risks', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'particular entity', 'actual results', 'production results', 'reserves estimates', 'CREST members', 'similar terms', 'other shareholders', 'Shell Group', 'Shell companies', 'Shell subsidiaries', 'shares', 'investments', 'announcement', 'convenience', 'references', 'words', 'control', 'associates', 'one', 'parties', 'exclusion', 'Note', 'bank', 'Register', 'broker', 'cash', 'average', 'March', 'names', 'February', 'contrary', 'persons', 'euros', 'Story', 'meaning', 'businesses', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'beliefs', 'forecasts', 'projections', 'phrases', 'aim', 'ambition', 'commit', 'goals', 'objectives', 'plan', 'schedule', 'target', 'number', 'factors', 'limitation', 'changes', 'demand', 'products', 'drilling', 'loss', 'environmental', 'identification', 'properties', 'completion', 'transactions', 'fiscal', 'economic', 'regions']",2025-03-10,2025-03-10,finance.yahoo.com
49268,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://funds-europe.com/eldridge-expands-clo-etf-range-with-ucits-launch/,Eldridge expands CLO ETF range with Ucits launch,Eldridge has expanded its actively managed CLO ETF suite with the launch of the Eldridge AAA CLO Ucits ETF (Taaa) ,Eldridge  a New York-headquartered asset management and insurance holding company  has launched the Eldridge AAA CLO Ucits ETF (Taaa)  giving global investors access to high-quality US dollar-denominated AAA-rated CLO bonds.Listed on German stock exchange Deutsche Börse Xetra on March 5 with a total expense ratio of 0.35%  Taaa is aimed at “sophisticated investors who are not US taxpayers” seeking income and capital preservation through the structured credit market. The ETF is regulated by Luxembourg’s financial regulator  the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF).Taaa targets exposure to US dollar-denominated AAA-rated CLO bonds  an asset class with a historical performance and a zero-default track record. The ETF seeks to generate current return income and capital preservation  offering investors access to a diverse pool of high-quality CLO bonds that typically provide higher yields than other AAA-rated securities.“Building on Eldridge’s heritage as investment specialists in the CLO space  we are excited to introduce this new solution to investors globally ” said Tarek Barbar  co-portfolio manager of Taaa. “The Eldridge AAA CLO Ucits ETF has potential to enhance clients’ portfolios by offering consistent stable levels of floating rate income.”Invesco launches AAA CLO ETFsThe fund is structured to pay monthly dividends derived from floating-rate payments based on three-month SOFR and credit spreads  offering potential for consistent income. In addition to broad exposure across industries  companies  and institutional loan managers  Taaa’s active management approach leverages Eldridge’s expertise in managing one of the largest CLO portfolios.“We are committed to delivering competitive risk-adjusted returns through our rigorous due diligence and portfolio construction process ” said Andrew Ward  co-portfolio manager of the fund. “The Eldridge AAA CLO Ucits ETF reflects that very commitment and will seek to provide global investors access to the highest quality AAA-rated CLO bonds.”With low correlation to traditional stocks and bonds  AAA-rated CLO bonds offer a compelling alternative for diversifying fixed income allocations  according to the provider. The ETF aims to address rising market demand for such assets in an accessible  Ucits-compliant ETF wrapper that avoids US withholding tax exposure.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.77,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['CLO ETF range', 'Ucits launch', 'Eldridge', 'high-quality US dollar-denominated AAA-rated CLO bonds', 'The Eldridge AAA CLO Ucits ETF', 'highest quality AAA-rated CLO bonds', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'accessible, Ucits-compliant ETF wrapper', 'US withholding tax exposure', 'New York-headquartered asset management', 'high-quality CLO bonds', 'AAA CLO ETFs', 'other AAA-rated securities', 'largest CLO portfolios', 'active management approach', 'insurance holding company', 'German stock exchange', 'total expense ratio', 'zero-default track record', 'institutional loan managers', 'competitive risk-adjusted returns', 'rigorous due diligence', 'consistent stable levels', 'rising market demand', 'current return income', 'floating rate income', 'fixed income allocations', 'portfolio construction process', 'The ETF', 'CLO space', 'US taxpayers', 'global investors access', 'asset class', 'new solution', 'consistent income', 'credit market', 'clients’ portfolios', 'portfolio manager', 'broad exposure', 'capital preservation', 'financial regulator', 'Commission de', 'Secteur Financier', 'historical performance', 'diverse pool', 'higher yields', 'investment specialists', 'Tarek Barbar', 'monthly dividends', 'floating-rate payments', 'three-month SOFR', 'credit spreads', 'Andrew Ward', 'low correlation', 'traditional stocks', 'compelling alternative', 'sophisticated investors', 'Taaa', 'March', 'Luxembourg', 'Surveillance', 'CSSF', 'heritage', 'potential', 'Invesco', 'fund', 'addition', 'industries', 'companies', 'expertise', 'commitment', 'provider', 'assets', '0.']",2025-03-10,2025-03-10,funds-europe.com
49269,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/03/09/sbi-securities-co-ltd-buys-shares-of-549-invesco-sp-500-equal-weight-etf-nysearcarsp/,SBI Securities Co. Ltd. Buys Shares of 549 Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP),SBI Securities Co. Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) in the fourth quarter  Holdings Channel.com reports. The firm bought 549 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $96 000. A nu…,SBI Securities Co. Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report) in the fourth quarter  Holdings Channel.com reports. The firm bought 549 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $96 000.A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Jones Financial Companies Lllp boosted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 93.6% during the 4th quarter. Jones Financial Companies Lllp now owns 110 290 shares of the company’s stock valued at $19 326 000 after purchasing an additional 53 310 shares during the period. Modera Wealth Management LLC boosted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 818.0% during the 4th quarter. Modera Wealth Management LLC now owns 51 240 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8 979 000 after purchasing an additional 45 658 shares during the period. Bailard Inc. boosted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 211.3% during the 4th quarter. Bailard Inc. now owns 48 089 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8 427 000 after purchasing an additional 32 640 shares during the period. IFG Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 35.7% during the 4th quarter. IFG Advisors LLC now owns 2 482 shares of the company’s stock valued at $435 000 after purchasing an additional 653 shares during the period. Finally  Smartleaf Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF by 50.4% during the 4th quarter. Smartleaf Asset Management LLC now owns 549 shares of the company’s stock valued at $96 000 after purchasing an additional 184 shares during the period.Get Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts:Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock Up 0.9 %Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF stock opened at $176.69 on Friday. Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF has a 52-week low of $158.83 and a 52-week high of $188.16. The firm has a market capitalization of $73.45 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.37 and a beta of 1.07. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $179.07 and a two-hundred day moving average price of $179.13.Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF ProfileGuggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  formerly Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF  seeks to replicate as closely as possible  the daily performance of the S&P 500 Equal Weight Index (the Index). The Index is a capitalization-weighted index covering 500 industrial  utility  transportation and financial companies of the United States markets (mostly NYSE Euronext issues).Further ReadingWant to see what other hedge funds are holding RSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF (NYSEARCA:RSP – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.84,0.15,0.01,True,English,"['549 Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'SBI Securities Co. Ltd.', 'Shares', 'NYSEARCA', 'RSP', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF alerts', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Profile', 'Invesco S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF Stock', 'Guggenheim S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'Rydex S&P 500 Equal Weight ETF', 'S&P 500 Equal Weight Index', 'two-hundred day moving average price', '50-day moving average price', 'SBI Securities Co. Ltd.', 'Modera Wealth Management LLC', 'Smartleaf Asset Management LLC', 'Jones Financial Companies Lllp', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'IFG Advisors LLC', 'other hedge funds', 'other institutional investors', 'United States markets', 'NYSE Euronext issues', 'concise daily summary', 'latest 13F filings', 'Holdings Channel.com', 'daily performance', 'email address', 'related companies', 'Free Report', 'The Index', 'capitalization-weighted index', 'fourth quarter', '4th quarter', 'Bailard Inc.', '52-week low', '52-week high', 'market capitalization', 'earnings ratio', 'insider trades', 'latest news', 'MarketBeat.com', 'NYSEARCA:RSP', ""analysts' ratings"", 'additional 53,310 shares', 'additional 45,658 shares', 'additional 32,640 shares', 'additional 653 shares', 'additional 184 shares', 'new stake', '549 shares', '110,290 shares', '51,240 shares', '48,089 shares', '2,482 shares', 'firm', 'company', 'number', 'period', 'Friday', 'beta', 'transportation', 'Reading', 'HoldingsChannel']",2025-03-09,2025-03-10,etfdailynews.com
49270,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/03/09/keycorp-has-negative-forecast-for-public-storage-q1-earnings/,KeyCorp Has Negative Forecast for Public Storage Q1 Earnings,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) – Equities researchers at KeyCorp reduced their Q1 2025 earnings estimates for Public Storage in a research report issued on Wednesday  March 5th. KeyCorp analyst T. Thomas now expects that the real estate investment tr…,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) – Equities researchers at KeyCorp reduced their Q1 2025 earnings estimates for Public Storage in a research report issued on Wednesday  March 5th. KeyCorp analyst T. Thomas now expects that the real estate investment trust will earn $4.11 per share for the quarter  down from their previous estimate of $4.25. The consensus estimate for Public Storage’s current full-year earnings is $16.70 per share. KeyCorp also issued estimates for Public Storage’s Q2 2025 earnings at $4.24 EPS  Q3 2025 earnings at $4.24 EPS  Q4 2025 earnings at $4.21 EPS  FY2025 earnings at $16.80 EPS  Q1 2026 earnings at $4.19 EPS  Q2 2026 earnings at $4.40 EPS  Q3 2026 earnings at $4.44 EPS  Q4 2026 earnings at $4.42 EPS and FY2026 earnings at $17.45 EPS.Get Public Storage alerts:PSA has been the subject of a number of other reports. Truist Financial raised their target price on shares of Public Storage from $306.00 to $340.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday  December 5th. Scotiabank lowered their target price on shares of Public Storage from $338.00 to $333.00 and set a “sector perform” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft upgraded shares of Public Storage from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and raised their price target for the stock from $298.00 to $299.00 in a research report on Friday  January 10th. Barclays cut their price target on shares of Public Storage from $380.00 to $361.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a report on Monday  January 13th. Finally  Royal Bank of Canada dropped their target price on shares of Public Storage from $342.00 to $329.00 and set a “sector perform” rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday  February 26th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating  five have given a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. According to data from MarketBeat.com  Public Storage currently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $340.23.Public Storage Price PerformanceShares of NYSE:PSA opened at $313.99 on Friday. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $299.31 and its two-hundred day moving average is $324.76. The company has a current ratio of 0.97  a quick ratio of 0.97 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.77. The firm has a market capitalization of $55.08 billion  a P/E ratio of 32.61  a PEG ratio of 4.91 and a beta of 0.73. Public Storage has a 52 week low of $256.31 and a 52 week high of $369.99.Public Storage Announces DividendThe company also recently announced a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Friday  March 28th. Shareholders of record on Thursday  March 13th will be paid a $3.00 dividend. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.82%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday  March 13th. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio is presently 112.89%.Insider Transactions at Public StorageIn other news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 450 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday  December 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $317.99  for a total value of $143 095.50. Following the completion of the sale  the insider now directly owns 2 364 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $751 728.36. This trade represents a 15.99 % decrease in their position. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC  which is accessible through the SEC website. Insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock.Institutional Inflows and OutflowsA number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of PSA. Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company Ltd grew its stake in shares of Public Storage by 5.0% in the fourth quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company Ltd now owns 53 729 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $16 089 000 after acquiring an additional 2 566 shares during the period. Larson Financial Group LLC lifted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 3 714.6% in the third quarter. Larson Financial Group LLC now owns 1 831 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $666 000 after buying an additional 1 783 shares in the last quarter. Capital Investment Advisors LLC lifted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 25.4% in the fourth quarter. Capital Investment Advisors LLC now owns 28 608 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $8 566 000 after buying an additional 5 793 shares in the last quarter. BNP PARIBAS ASSET MANAGEMENT Holding S.A. raised its stake in Public Storage by 114.2% during the third quarter. BNP PARIBAS ASSET MANAGEMENT Holding S.A. now owns 91 521 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $33 302 000 after purchasing an additional 48 803 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Swedbank AB raised its stake in Public Storage by 31.9% during the third quarter. Swedbank AB now owns 154 167 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $56 097 000 after purchasing an additional 37 285 shares in the last quarter. 78.79% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.Public Storage Company Profile(Get Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Further ReadingReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.25,0.75,True,English,"['Public Storage Q1 Earnings', 'Negative Forecast', 'KeyCorp', 'BNP PARIBAS ASSET MANAGEMENT Holding S.A.', 'Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company Ltd', 'insider Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'real estate investment trust', 'Capital Investment Advisors LLC', 'Larson Financial Group LLC', 'KeyCorp analyst T. Thomas', 'two-hundred day moving average', 'Public Storage Price Performance Shares', 'Seven investment analysts', '50 day moving average', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'sector perform” rating', 'current full-year earnings', 'strong buy rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'average price target', 'dividend payout ratio', 'Q1 2025 earnings estimates', 'Truist Financial', 'average rating', 'Q1 2026 earnings', 'target price', 'current ratio', 'Royal Bank', 'Moderate Buy', 'Insider Transactions', 'sell” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'Q2 2025 earnings', 'Q3 2025 earnings', 'Q4 2025 earnings', 'FY2025 earnings', 'Q2 2026 earnings', 'Q3 2026 earnings', 'Q4 2026 earnings', 'FY2026 earnings', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'P/E ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'Equities researchers', 'previous estimate', 'consensus estimate', 'other reports', 'research note', 'January 10th', 'January 13th', 'MarketBeat.com', 'market capitalization', 'ex-dividend date', 'other news', 'total value', 'Institutional Inflows', 'large investors', 'Swedbank AB', 'last qua', 'fourth quarter', 'third quarter', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'quarterly dividend', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'Free Report', 'research report', 'March 13th', 'SEC website', 'additional 2,566 shares', 'additional 1,783 shares', 'additional 5,793 shares', 'additional 48,803 shares', 'additional 37,285 shares', '$3.00 dividend', '450 shares', '2,364 shares', '53,729 shares', '1,831 shares', '28,608 shares', '91,521 shares', '154,167 shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Wednesday', 'EPS', 'subject', 'number', 'stock', 'Thursday', 'December', 'Scotiabank', 'Friday', 'Barclays', 'Monday', 'Canada', 'February', 'data', 'firm', 'debt', 'beta', '52 week', 'Shareholders', 'record', 'yield', 'completion', 'sale', 'trade', '15.99 % decrease', 'position', 'document', 'Insiders', 'Outflows', 'stake', 'period', 'holdings']",2025-03-09,2025-03-10,etfdailynews.com
49271,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/03/11/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/voltalia-strengthens-its-governance-with-the-appointment-of-a-deputy-ceo/2070521,Voltalia strengthens its governance with the appointment of a Deputy CEO,Following the recent arrival of its new CEO  Robert Klein  Voltalia reorganizes its governance around a new Executive Committee and appoints Yoni Ammar Deputy Chief Executive Officer. The Executive Committee is composed of seven members  whose main changes are as follows:,"Voltalia strengthens its governance with the appointment of a Deputy CEOVoltalia (Euronext Paris  ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  announces a strengthening of its governance to support sustainable growth and improve operating performanceFollowing the recent arrival of its new CEO  Robert Klein  Voltalia reorganizes its governance around a new Executive Committee and appoints Yoni Ammar Deputy Chief Executive Officer.The Executive Committee is composed of seven members  whose main changes are as follows:Yoni Ammar heads up energy development  production & sales activities in Europe 1   Latin America  Africa & International regions . After starting his career in 2004 at Natixis as investment banker specializing in energy and infrastructure  Yoni Ammar founded a renewable energy project development company in France and abroad in 2009. He arrived at Voltalia in 2014 to lead the company's IPO  and in 2015 he launched Voltalia's Moroccan subsidiary  which he managed until 2018. From 2018 to 2024  he held the position of Director of Investment & Funding  ensuring both equity and debt financing for the Group during this fast-growing period. For the past year  he has held the position of Director for Europe  Africa & International  already strengthening the performance of the operational teams  with recent successes achieved in Tunisia and Uzbekistan in particular. Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. After starting his career in 2004 at Natixis as investment banker specializing in energy and infrastructure  Yoni Ammar founded a renewable energy project development company in France and abroad in 2009. He arrived at Voltalia in 2014 to lead the company's IPO  and in 2015 he launched Voltalia's Moroccan subsidiary  which he managed until 2018. From 2018 to 2024  he held the position of Director of Investment & Funding  ensuring both equity and debt financing for the Group during this fast-growing period. For the past year  he has held the position of Director for Europe  Africa & International  already strengthening the performance of the operational teams  with recent successes achieved in Tunisia and Uzbekistan in particular. Laurent Pillot is now responsible for France  Overseas Territories and Portugal   where he will oversee development  production and energy sales activities in coordination with the Country Managers. He will also work to strengthen synergies between the expertise hubs located in France and Portugal  and will manage Power Sales 2 activities. For the past 20 years  Laurent has held various positions in the energy sector  participating in the opening up of the energy market in France or in the development of Power Purchase Agreements more recently. Having joined Voltalia in December 2015  Laurent first developed the Power Sales teams and since a year ago  has taken over the Operational Management France and Overseas. Advertisement  where he will oversee development  production and energy sales activities in coordination with the Country Managers. He will also work to strengthen synergies between the located in France and Portugal  and will manage Power Sales activities. For the past 20 years  Laurent has held various positions in the energy sector  participating in the opening up of the energy market in France or in the development of Power Purchase Agreements more recently. Having joined Voltalia in December 2015  Laurent first developed the Power Sales teams and since a year ago  has taken over the Operational Management France and Overseas. Sylvine Bouan  Chief Financial Officer  who joined the company in 2022  reinforces her role by also taking over the responsibility of Project and Corporate finance and Mergers & Acquisitions with Investment and Funding team.AdvertisementRobert Klein has also appointed an  Amaury Neto  whose role will be to support Asset Owners  work on improving the performance of our assets  standardize processes and develop digital innovation. Amaury joined Voltalia in 2014 in the development area. Since 2017  he has moved within Asset Management  while leading the implementation of the digital innovation roadmap in Brazil.Finally  the governance body formerly known as the Excom  has been renamed the Global Management Committee  comprising the seven members of the Executive Committee and directors from key countries and areas of expertise. Its purpose is to ensure the alignment and implementation of corporate strategy.""We are convinced that these initial changes will enable Voltalia to be even more agile  efficient and innovative in a sector undergoing rapid transformation. Beyond the strengthening of our governance  I know I can count on all Voltalia teams to carry out our mission with ambition and determination ” says Robert Klein  Chief Executive Officer of Voltalia.Composition of the Executive Committee:Reporting to Robert Klein  Chief Executive OfficerAdvertisement- Yoni Ammar  Executive Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Head of Regions : Europe  Latin America  Africa and International- Michel Crémieux  Deputy Chief Officer and Chairman of Helexia- Sylvine Bouan  Chief Financial Officer- Céline Blachère  Head of Human Resources and Support FunctionsAdvertisement- Laurent Pillot  Director  Head of France  Overseas Territories and Portugal- Henri-François Prat  Head of Operations and ServicesComposition of the Global Management Committee:The seven COMEX members listed above  plus:Advertisement- Joao Amaral  Chief Technology Officer & Country Manager of Portugal- Alessandra Brioschi  Country Manager of Italy- Loan Duong  Head of Communications  Marketing and Investor Relations- Gustavo Fernandez  Head of Africa & InternationalAdvertisement- Pierre Ferrari  Head of Mergers & Acquisitions- Yann Geffriaud  Head of Operations & Maintenance- Alexis Goybet  Head of Europe- Marie-Odile Lavenant  Head of Internal Audit- Antoine Merlin  Head of Project Finance- Rui Martins  Group Co-Head of HSE (Health  Safety  Environment and Social Affairs)- Amaury Neto  Head of Asset Management & Performance- Eduardo Porras  Head of Engineering  Procurement and Construction (EPC)- Sébastien Robert  Country Manager of France- Nicolas Thouverez  Head of Latin AmericaNext meeting: 2024 Results  March 13  2025 (before market opening) About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in renewable energies. The Group produces and sells electricity from its wind  solar  hydro  biomass and storage facilities. It has 3.3 GW of capacity in operation and under construction  and a portfolio of projects under development with a total capacity of 17.2 GW. Voltalia is also a service provider  supporting its renewable energy customers at every stage of their projects  from design to operation and maintenance. A pioneer in the business market  Voltalia offers a comprehensive range of services to businesses  from the supply of green electricity to energy efficiency services and the local production of its own electricity. With more than 2 000 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally on behalf of its customers. Voltalia is listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (FR0011995588 - VLTSA) and is included in the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid&Small indices. The company is also included  amongst others  in the MSCI ESG ratings and the Sustainalytics ratings. Voltalia Email: [email protected] T. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 Press Relations Seitosei.Actifin - Jennifer Jullia [email protected] T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 19Excluding France  overseas territories and Portugal.2 Team in charge of valorizing the energy produced by the Group's assets and  in particular  structuring and negotiating Power Purchase Agreements (PPA).3 In the Energy Sales business  the Asset Owner or renewable projects manager is responsible for the assets from the end of the development phase  including construction and operation of the asset.Attachment",neutral,0.18,0.81,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Deputy CEO', 'Voltalia', 'governance', 'appointment', 'Yoni Ammar Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'renewable energy project development company', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'The Executive Committee', 'Power Purchase Agreements', 'Power Sales 2 activities', 'Power Sales activities', 'Power Sales teams', 'new Executive Committee', 'Deputy CEO Voltalia', 'energy sales activities', 'digital innovation roadmap', 'Global Management Committee', 'energy development', 'new CEO', 'development area', 'energy market', 'operational teams', 'Operational Management', 'Asset Management', 'energy sector', 'Euronext Paris', 'ISIN code', 'sustainable growth', 'recent arrival', 'Robert Klein', 'seven members', 'main changes', 'Latin America', 'Moroccan subsidiary', 'debt financing', 'growing period', 'past year', 'recent successes', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'Overseas Territories', 'Country Managers', 'past 20 years', 'various positions', 'opening up', 'Sylvine Bouan', 'Corporate finance', 'Asset Owners', 'key countries', 'corporate strategy', 'initial changes', 'rapid transformation', 'development, production', 'Voltalia teams', 'international player', 'International regions', 'expertise hubs', 'Amaury Neto', 'investment banker', 'Funding team', 'operating performance', 'Laurent Pillot', 'governance body', 'appointment', 'strengthening', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'career', 'Natixis', 'infrastructure', 'France', 'IPO', 'Director', 'equity', 'Group', 'Tunisia', 'Uzbekistan', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', 'Portugal', 'coordination', 'synergies', 'December', 'Advertisement', 'role', 'responsibility', 'Mergers', 'Acquisitions', 'assets', 'processes', 'implementation', 'Brazil', 'Excom', 'areas', 'purpose', 'alignment', 'mission', 'ambition', 'determination', 'Composition', 'Reporting']",2025-03-11,2025-03-10,manilatimes.net
49272,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/03/11/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/evs-broadcast-equipment-reports-update-of-share-buyback-program/2070522,EVS Broadcast Equipment reports update of share buyback program,After aforementioned transactions  the total number of own shares amounts to 906 212 shares as of March 7  2025 (including 776 508 shares already held by the company before the start of the share buyback program). All details related to the acquisition of own shares by EVS Broadcast Equipment can be found on https://evs.com/investors/share-buyback,EVS reports update of share buyback programLiège  Belgium | March 10  2025EVS Broadcast Equipment reports that the following transactions  conducted within the framework of the share buyback program announced on November 25  2024  took place between March 3 and 7  2025:Trade Date Number of shares acquired Average price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Total (EUR) Market 03-03-25 - - - - - 04-03-25 7 812 35.9145 36.25 35.60 280 564 XBRU 05-03-25 7 619 36.0051 36.15 35.75 274 323 XBRU 06-03-25 1 881 36.8687 36.90 36.80 69 350 XBRU 07-03-25 1 140 37.1682 37.20 36.95 42 372 XBRU Total 18 452 36.1266 37.20 35.60 666 608Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyAs of March 7  2025  and since the start of the buyback program  EVS has bought 216 760 shares at an average price of EUR 31.6656  representing in total EUR 6 863 828.19. This corresponds to 68.64% of the announced 10 Mio€ program completed.After aforementioned transactions  the total number of own shares amounts to 906 212 shares as of March 7  2025 (including 776 508 shares already held by the company before the start of the share buyback program).All details related to the acquisition of own shares by EVS Broadcast Equipment can be found on https://evs.com/investors/share-buybackAdvertisementAbout EVSWe create return on emotionEVS is globally recognized as a leading provider in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Spanning the entire production process  EVS solutions are trusted by production teams worldwide to deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news to billions of viewers every day - and in real time. As we continue to expand our footprint  our dedication to sustainable growth for both our business and the industry is clearly demonstrated through our ESG strategy. This commitment is not only reflected in our results  but also in our high ratings from different agencies. Headquartered in Liège  Belgium  the company has a global presence with offices in Australia  Asia  the Middle East  Europe  North and Latin America  employing over 700 team members and ensuring sales  training  and technical support to more than 100 countries. EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371. EVS is  amongst others  part of the Euronext Tech Leaders and Euronext BEL Mid indices.Media ContactsAdvertisementFor more info about this press release  or to set up an interview with EVS  please contact:Veerle De Wit - Chief Financial OfficerTel: +32 4 361 7004 - Email: [email protected]Sébastien Verlaine - Senior Brand & Corporate Communications ManagerAdvertisementTel: +32 4 361 5809 - Email: [email protected]AttachmentAdvertisement Press release in PDF formatAdvertisement,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['EVS Broadcast Equipment reports', 'share buyback program', 'update', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'gripping live sports images', 'Euronext BEL Mid indices', 'live video technology', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'Veerle De Wit', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Sébastien Verlaine', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'new media productions', 'entire production process', 'share buyback program', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment', 'Advertisement Press release', 'Euronext Brussels', '10 Mio€ program', 'production teams', 'Media Contacts', 'Liège', 'Trade Date', 'Average price', 'Highest price', 'Lowest price', 'Privacy Policy', 'leading provider', 'entertainment shows', 'real time', 'sustainable growth', 'ESG strategy', 'high ratings', 'different agencies', 'global presence', 'Middle East', 'Latin America', '700 team members', 'technical support', 'Senior Brand', 'PDF format', 'EVS reports', 'latest news', 'EVS solutions', 'public company', 'email address', 'total number', 'XBRU Total', 'update', 'Belgium', 'transactions', 'framework', 'November', 'place', 'March', 'shares', 'Market', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', 'start', 'details', 'acquisition', 'investors', 'return', 'emotion', 'billions', 'viewers', 'footprint', 'dedication', 'business', 'industry', 'commitment', 'results', 'offices', 'Australia', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'North', 'sales', 'training', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'others', 'part', 'info', 'interview', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '372']",2025-03-11,2025-03-10,manilatimes.net
