UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
23711,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-hilbert-064500620.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting of Hilbert Group AB (publ),"Hilbert Group (STO:HILB-B) (FRA:999) The shareholders in Hilbert Group AB (publ)  corporate identity number 559105-2948 (""Hilbert Group"" or ""the company...","STOCKHOLM  SE / ACCESSWIRE / April 26  2023 / Hilbert Group (STO:HILB-B) (FRA:999) The shareholders in Hilbert Group AB (publ)  corporate identity number 559105-2948 (""Hilbert Group"" or ""the company"")  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday  May 26  2023 at 10.00 AM in the office of Advokatfirman Nerpin  Birger Jarlsgatan 2  3rd floor in Stockholm.A. Entitlement to participation and notificationShareholders who wish to participate in the EGM must: (i) be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") as of Wednesday  17 May 2023  and (ii) notify the company of their intention to participate in the EGM no later than Friday  19 May 2023. The notice may be done in writing by post to Hilbert Group AB  c/o Advokatfirman Nerpin  Mailbox 545  SE-114 11 Stockholm  or by e-mail to ir@hilbert.group  or by telephone to +46 8 502 353 00. When registering to attend  the shareholder must provide name  personal identity number or registration number  address  and telephone number  as well as the number of any advisors (no more than two).Shareholders whose shares are nominee-registered must temporarily re-register their shares in their own name in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear in order to participate in the EGM. Voting rights registrations made no later than the second banking day after the record date 17 May 2023 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register. Shareholders must  in accordance with the respective nominee's routines  in due time before said date  request their nominee to carry out such voting rights registration.If the shareholder is represented by a proxy  a written and dated power of attorney  signed by the shareholder  is to be issued to the proxy. The power of attorney or any other documents of authorization  such as a copy of the registration certificate  is to be provided at the EGM. Any power of attorney or other document of authorization should also be enclosed in the notice to attend the EGM. A form of proxy is available on the company's website  www.hilbert.group.Story continuesB. Shareholders' right to request informationThe board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholders so requests  and if the board of directors considers that it can be done without significant harm for the company  give information on circumstances that can affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and the company's relation to other group companies.Proposed agendaOpening of the Annual General Meeting Election of chairman at the Annual General Meeting. Establishment and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Selection of one or two adjusters. Examination of whether the Annual General Meeting has been duly convened. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated accounts and the consolidated auditor's report. Decision on approval of the income statement and balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet. Decision on dispositions regarding the company's profit according to the approved balance sheet. Decision on discharge of liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the President. Determination of the number of board members. Determination of the number of auditors and deputy auditors. Determination of fees to the Board. Determination of fees to the auditor. Election of board members and chairman of the board. Election of auditor and any deputy auditors. Resolution authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the issue of shares and/or warrants. Resolution to implement an Employee Stock Option Plan Resolution to issue warrants and approval of transfer of warrants Resolution on principles for the appointment of a Nomination Committee and instructions for the Nomination Committee Close of the MeetingMotions for resolutionItem 2 - Election of chairman at the Annual General MeetingThe Board of Directors proposes that the Chairman of the Board  Erik Nerpin  be elected Chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 9 - Resolution on dispositions regarding the company's profit according to the approved balance sheetThe Board of Directors proposes that no profit dividend be paid and that disposable profits be capitalized in a new account.Item 11 - Determination of the number of board membersA group of shareholders who together represent approximately 62 per cent of the voting rights in Hilbert Group (the ""Principal Shareholders"") has submitted the proposals outlined under items 11-16 below.The Principal Shareholders propose that the number of Board members be four.Item 12 - Determination of the number of auditors and deputy auditorsThe Principal Shareholders propose that a registered auditing company without a deputy be appointed as auditor.Item 13 - Determination of fees to the BoardThe Principal Shareholders propose that the yearly fee to the Chairman of the Board shall be SEK 150 000 and that the yearly fee to other Board members elected by the Annual General Meeting who are not employees of the company shall be SEK 110 000 each.Item 14 - Determination of fees to the auditorThe Principal Shareholders propose that fees to the auditor be paid in accordance with an approved invoice.Item 15 - Election of board members and chairman of the boardThe Principal Shareholders propose re-election of the Board members Erik Nerpin  Frode Foss-Skiftesvik and David Butler and election of Stuart Connolly as new Board member for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. Furthermore  it is proposed that Erik Nerpin be re-elected Chairman of the Board.Item 16 - Election of auditor and any deputy auditorsThe Principal Shareholders propose re-election of the registered auditing company PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as auditor for the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. The principal auditor will be the authorized public accountant Johan Engstam.Item 17 - Resolution authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the issue of shares and/or warrantsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors to  on one or more occasions  during the period up to the next Annual General Meeting  decide on the issue of shares and/or warrants with or without preferential rights for shareholders. The Board of Directors may decide that such issues be made with a provision on non-cash  set-off or cash payment.The purpose of the authorization and the reasons for any deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is that issues should be able to take place to increase the company's financial flexibility and enable the company to finance any company acquisitions fully or partially by issuing financial instruments  alternatively to raise capital for expansion of the Company's business.The Board  or the person appointed by the Board  shall have the right to make the minor adjustments to the AGM's resolutions that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 18 - Resolution to implement an Employee Stock Option PlanIntroductionThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to implement an Employee Stock Option Plan (""ESOP 2023"") for the employees and consultants in Hilbert Group AB (including its subsidiaries) in accordance with this item 18 and item 19 below. The resolutions under items 18 and 19 are proposed to be conditional upon each other.ESOP 2023 is a program under which the participants will be granted  free of charge  stock options to acquire B-shares in Hilbert Group AB (""Options"")  subject to vesting over a three-year period in accordance with the below. The Board of Directors proposes that a maximum of 2 500 000 Options are allocated to the participants.The rationale for the proposalThe purpose of the ESOP 2023 is to create conditions for motivating and retaining competent employees and consultants within Hilbert Group and to increase the coherence between the employees'  shareholders' and the company's objectives.By offering Options that are based on the share price development  the participants are premiered for increased shareholder value. The ESOP 2023 also rewards the participants' continued loyalty and thus the long-term value growth of Hilbert Group. Accordingly  the Board of Directors believes that the ESOP 2023 will be advantageous for Hilbert Group and its shareholders.Conditions for OptionsThe following conditions shall apply for the Options.The Options shall be granted free of charge to the participants. Allotment requires that an acquisition of Options can take place legally and that  according to the Board of Directors' assessment  it can be carried out with reasonable administrative and financial efforts. The Board of Directors shall resolve upon the allocation of Options between the date of the AGM 2023 and the date of the AGM 2024 (with each respective granting falling on a ""Grant Date""). Each Option entitles the holder to acquire one B-share in Hilbert Group for a pre-determined exercise price. The exercise price will correspond to 150 percent of the volume weighted average price of the Hilbert Group B-share on Nasdaq First North during the ten trading days preceding the Grant Date. The Options shall vest over a three-year period and thereafter be exercisable  provided that the holder  with certain exceptions  still is employed by Hilbert Group (or  in the case of consultants  still provides services to Hilbert Group). Following the expiry of the vesting period  the Options may be exercised during a period of three months. The number of Options and the exercise price shall be subject to customary re-calculation  for example in the event that changes occur in Hilbert Group's equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger  rights issue  share split or reverse share split  reduction of the share capital or similar measures. The Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged. The Options may be granted by Hilbert Group AB as well as any of its subsidiaries. In the event of a public take-over offer  significant asset sale  liquidation  merger or any other such transaction affecting Hilbert Group  the Options will vest in their entirety following the completion of a change of control.AllocationThe right to receive Options shall accrue to all employees and consultants of Hilbert Group. The Board of Directors may grant Options  on one or several occasions  between the date of the AGM 2023 and the date of the AGM 2024. The maximum number of Options that may be allocated to the participants under ESOP 2023 is 2 500 000.The principles of allocation of Options under ESOP 2023 will be disclosed in the full proposal which will be available on Hilbert Group's website two weeks before the AGM.Preparation  administration and the right to amend the terms of the OptionsESOP 2023 has been prepared by the Board of Directors of Hilbert Group.The Board of Directors is responsible for preparing the detailed terms and conditions of ESOP 2023  in accordance with the above-mentioned terms and guidelines. To this end  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions  including resolving on cash or other settlement if deemed favorable for Hilbert Group based on foreign tax regulations. The Board of Directors may also make other adjustments if significant changes in Hilbert Group or its environment would result in a situation where the adopted terms and conditions of ESOP 2023 no longer serve their purpose.DilutionSubject to certain recalculation conditions  the maximum number of shares that may be issued under ESOP 2023 is 2 500 000. In addition  Hilbert Group will retain 500 000 warrants to cover potential social contribution costs. If all 2 500 000 Options are exercised Hilbert Group would issue 2 500 000 B-shares. This would correspond to a dilution of approximately 4.6 per cent based on the current number of shares in Hilbert Group AB (52 233 737). If also the 500 000 warrants would be exercised Hilbert Group would issue in total 3 000 000 B-shares. This would correspond to a dilution of approximately 5.4 percent.Prior to the listing on Nasdaq First North in October 2021 Hilbert Group issued 1 000 000 warrants to a subsidiary for transfer to Hilbert Group's employees as a part of an incentive scheme. ESOP 2023 replaces this incentive scheme and the 1 000 000 warrants will not be allocated and could not result in any issue of new shares.The dilution is expected to have a marginal effect on the company's key performance indicator ""Earnings (loss) per share"".AccountingESOP 2023 will be accounted for in accordance with ""IFRS 2 - Share‐based payments"". IFRS 2 stipulates that the Options shall be expensed as personnel costs over the vesting period. Personnel costs in accordance with IFRS 2 do not affect the company's cash flow. Social security costs  if any  will be expensed in the income statement according to UFR 7 during the vesting period.Delivery of shares under ESOP 2023In order to ensure the delivery of shares under ESOP 2023 and if necessary for hedging of social security costs  the Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to issue and use warrants in accordance with item 19 below.Item 19 - Resolution to issue warrants and approval of transfer of warrantsIn order to ensure the delivery of shares under ESOP 2023  and for hedging of potential social security costs  the Board of Directors proposes that the AGM resolves to issue not more than 3 000 000 warrants (which include 500 000 warrants to potentially hedge social security costs)  whereby the company's share capital could be increased by not more than SEK 150 000.The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights  only be granted a wholly owned subsidiary of Hilbert Group AB. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights is the implementation of ESOP 2023.The subsidiary shall be entitled to transfer the warrants to participants or a financial intermediary in connection with exercise.The Board of Directors proposes that the meeting resolves to issue warrants.For the issue of warrants  the following terms and conditions shall apply.Hilbert Group AB shall issue no more than 3 000 000 warrants  of which 2 500 000 warrants shall be issued to secure share delivery to the participants in the ESOP 2023  and 500 000 warrants shall be issued to hedge the company's exposure to social contribution costs that may arise as a result of the exercise of the Options. The share capital may increase by no more than SEK 150 000. The right to subscribe warrants is given  by a deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  a wholly owned subsidiary of Hilbert Group AB. Further transfer of 2 500 000 warrants shall be possible  at one or several occasions  to participants in the ESOP 2023 or otherwise to third parties to deliver shares to the participants  in accordance with the terms and conditions of ESOP 2023. Further transfers of 500 000 warrants shall be possible to third parties with whom/which Hilbert Group AB has entered into an agreement for the purpose of raising capital to cover social contribution costs arising as a result of the exercise of Options. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is the introduction of the ESOP 2023. The warrants shall be issued free of charge. The warrants shall be subscribed for no later than 30 June 2023. The Board of Directors shall have the right to prolong the subscription period. Each warrant entitles to subscription of one (1) B-share in Hilbert Group AB. New subscription of shares by support of the warrants can take place from and including the day of registration of the warrants with the Swedish Companies Registration Office up to and including 30 November 2027. The subscription price for the shares subscribed for by support of the warrants shall correspond to the share's quotient value  i.e. SEK 0.05. Recalculation may take place pursuant to the complete terms and conditions of the warrants. Any share premium shall be added to the non-restricted share premium reserve. The newly issued shares following exercise of the warrants shall carry rights to dividends for the first time on the first record date for dividend that takes place after the new shares have been registered and recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. The complete terms and conditions for the warrants are available on the company's website  www.hilbert.group.The Board of Directors  or the person appointed by the Board of Directors  shall have the right to make the minor adjustments to the above resolutions that may prove necessary in connection with registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 20 - Resolution on principles for the appointment of a Nomination Committee and instructions for the Nomination CommitteeIt is proposed that the Annual General Meeting resolves on principles for the appointment of a Nomination Committee and instructions for the Nomination Committee as described below.The company shall have a nomination committee consisting of a representative for each of the three largest shareholders in the company as of the last banking day in September the year before the AGM. In addition  the Chairman of the Board shall be a member of the Nomination Committee.The chairman of the Nomination Committee shall  unless the members agree otherwise  be the member who represents the largest shareholder in terms of the number of votes. The Chairman of the Board or another Board member shall not be the Chairman of the Nomination Committee unless the members agree otherwise. Board members may be members of the Nomination Committee but shall not constitute a majority of its members. The CEO or another person from the company management shall not be a member of the Nomination Committee.The names of the members of the Nomination Committee and the shareholders they have been appointed by shall be published no later than six months before the next Annual General Meeting. The Nomination Committee is appointed for a term of office until a new Nomination Committee is appointed.The Nomination Committee shall carry out its assignment in accordance with these instructions and applicable rules and prepare proposals in the following matters to be submitted to the Annual General Meeting for decision:chairman of the meeting number of board members and auditors election of board members and chairman of the board fees and other remuneration for board assignments to each of the board members and  where applicable  remuneration for committee work election of auditor remuneration of auditors  andto the extent deemed necessary  changes in the principles for the appointment of the Nomination Committee and the instructions for the Nomination Committee.Other informationNumber of shares and votesAt the time of issuing this notice  the total number of shares in the company is 52 233 737 divided into 8 500 000 A-shares (carrying ten votes) and 43 733 737 B-shares (carrying one vote). The total number of votes is 128 733 737. The company does not hold any own shares.Majority requirementsA resolution pursuant to item 17 on the proposed agenda requires for its validity that it is supported by shareholders with at least two-thirds of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.A resolution pursuant to item 19 on the proposed agenda requires for its validity that it is supported by shareholders with at least nine-tenths of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting.Other resolutions are valid with simple majority.Available documentsThe Annual Report for 2022 will be kept available at the company for at least three weeks before the Annual General Meeting. The Annual Report will also be available on the company's website  www.hilbert.group.Copies of the above documents are also sent to the shareholders who request it and state their postal address.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Integritetspolicy-bolagsstammor-svenska.pdf.HILBERT GROUP AB (publ)Stockholm  April 2023Board of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Erik NerpinChairman of the board - Hilbert Group AB+46 (0)8 122 123 50erik.nerpin@advokatnerpin.comAbout UsHilbert Group AB is an investment firm with sole focus on digital assets  primarily cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies. The business model is diversified into four verticals - asset management  proprietary trading  equity investments and data & analytics.Hilbert Group's vision is to be a world class digital asset investment firm with the ambition to provide first class services to its clients and shareholders  to help accelerate the technological revolution that is digital assets  and to expand people's knowledge of this emerging asset class.Hilbert Group is listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market (ticker HILB B) with Eminova Fondkommission (phone +46 8 684 211 10 | adviser@eminova.se) as Certified Adviser.AttachmentsNotice of Annual General Meeting of Hilbert Group AB (publ)SOURCE: Hilbert GroupView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/751311/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Hilbert-Group-AB-publ",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.37,0.28,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Hilbert Group AB', 'Notice', 'Employee Stock Option Plan Resolution', 'Annual General Meeting Election', 'second banking day', 'Voting rights registrations', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', ""B. Shareholders' right"", 'other group companies', 'Hilbert Group AB', 'The Principal Shareholders', 'consolidated income statement', 'registered auditing company', 'personal identity number', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'other Board members', 'hilbert.group', 'corporate identity', 'other documents', 'voting list', 'registration certificate', 'annual report', 'consolidated accounts', 'The Board', 'Advokatfirman Nerpin', 'Birger Jarlsgatan', '3rd floor', 'A. Entitlement', 'share register', 'due time', 'significant harm', 'two adjusters', 'Nomination Committee', 'Erik Nerpin', 'disposable profits', '62 per cent', 'yearly fee', ""shareholders' register"", 'registration number', 'record date', 'respective nominee', 'new account', 'deputy auditors', 'dated power', 'profit dividend', 'telephone number', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'HILB-B', 'publ', 'Friday', 'May', '10.00 AM', 'office', 'Stockholm', 'participation', 'notification', 'EGM', 'Wednesday', 'intention', 'notice', 'writing', 'post', 'Mailbox', 'name', 'address', 'advisors', 'shares', 'order', 'preparation', 'accordance', 'routines', 'proxy', 'written', 'attorney', 'authorization', 'copy', 'form', 'website', 'Story', 'directors', 'CEO', 'circumstances', 'assessment', 'item', 'agenda', 'relation', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'Establishment', 'approval', 'Selection', 'Examination', 'Presentation', 'Decision', 'dispositions', 'discharge', 'liability', 'President', 'Determination', 'fees', 'issue', 'warrants', 'transfer', 'principles', 'appointment', 'instructions', 'Motions', 'proposals']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23712,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRUECALLER-AB-PUBL-127708984/news/Truecaller-Registration-link-for-individual-shareholders-43649273/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Truecaller : Registration link for individual shareholders,(marketscreener.com)   Shareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting shall:  - be entered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday 17 May  2023 or  if the shares are registered in the name of a nominee  r…,"Registration for the Annual General Meeting for 26 May  2023 in Truecaller AB for individual shareholdersShareholders who wish to attend the Annual General Meeting shall:- be entered as a shareholder in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Wednesday 17 May  2023 or  if the shares are registered in the name of a nominee  request that the nominee registers the shares in their own name for voting purposes in such time that the registration is completed by Monday 22 May  2023  and- notify their intention to participate no later than Monday 22 May  2023.Representatives for legal entities shall give notice to attend by phone at +46 (0)771 24 64 00 or by mail to the following address: Computershare AB  ""AGM of Truecaller AB  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholmn or by e-mail to proxy@computershare.se.Individual shareholders shall state their personal details in the boxes below and choose ""Registration"".",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Registration link', 'individual shareholders', 'Truecaller', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Truecaller AB', 'Computershare AB', 'share register', 'voting purposes', 'legal entities', 'following address', 'personal details', 'Wednesday 17 May', 'Monday 22 May', 'individual shareholders', '26 May', 'Registration', 'shares', 'name', 'nominee', 'time', 'intention', 'Representatives', 'notice', 'phone', 'mail', 'AGM', 'Box', 'Stockholmn', 'proxy', '771']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23713,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORTUM-OYJ-1412461/news/Fortum-Oyj-minutes-of-the-meeting-AGM-2023-43639938/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Fortum Oyj : minutes of the meeting AGM 2023,(marketscreener.com)   1    Minutes 1/2023      ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023 OF FORTUM CORPORATION      Time:     Thursday  13 April 2023 at 2:00 p.m. .   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORTUM-OYJ-1412461/news/Fortum-Oyj…,McAlister  the proposed new members of the Board of Directors with the exception ofIn addition  all members of the Board of Directors  with the exception of Anjavoted in advance  in accordance with the list of votes adopted at the meeting (AppendixShareholders were present at the meeting in person  represented by proxy or havingRECORDING THE ATTENDANCE AT THE MEETING AND ADOPTION OF THE LIST OF VOTESELECTION OF PERSONS TO SCRUTINISE THE MINUTES AND TO SUPERVISE THE COUNTING OF VOTESIt was noted that the proposals by the Shareholders' Nomination Board and the Board of Directors to the General Meeting had been published by means of stock exchange releases on 27 January 2023 and 2 March 2023  respectively. The proposals had also been published in their entirety on the Company's website on the said dates.PRESENTATION OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  THE OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND THE AUDITOR'S REPORT FOR THE YEAR 2022It was further noted that all the members of the Board of Directors  with the exception of Anja McAlister  the proposed new members of the Board of Directors  with the exception of Johan Söderström  the President and CEO  members of the Company's senior management  the Company's principal auditor and technical personnel were present at the meeting.The Chair noted that unless a full counting of the votes was conducted under an agenda item  the number of opposing votes  and in respect of the resolutions requiring a qualified majority  also the number of abstaining votes would be recorded in the minutes under each agenda item. To the extent the opposing advance votes had been presented without any counterproposals under such agenda items where it was not possible to vote against the proposal without presenting a counterproposal  such votes would not be formally acknowledged as opposing votes  and they would not be recorded under the relevant agenda items.4 (16)Minutes 1/2023(An unofficial translation of the original document in Finnish into English)A total of 222 627 opposing advance votes of the shareholders were recorded under this agenda item.8 RESOLUTION ON THE USE OF THE PROFIT SHOWN ON THE BALANCE SHEET AND THE DISTRIBUTION OF DIVIDENDIt was noted that the the distributable funds of Fortum Corporation as at 31 December 2022 had amounted to EUR 6 291 275 608 of which the profit for the financial year 2022 totaled EUR 1 542 734 239.It was noted that the Board of Directors had proposed to the General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.91 per share would be paid for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2022  EUR 816 510 663 in total. In accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  the remaining part of the distributable funds would be retained in the shareholders' equity. In accordance with the assessment of the Board of Directors  the payment of dividend will not compromise the Company's liquidity.In accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  the dividend will be paid in two instalments.The first dividend instalment of EUR 0.46 per share would be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the first dividend instalment 17 April 2023 are recorded in the Company's shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In accordance with the proposal  the first dividend instalment would be paid on 24 April 2023.The second dividend instalment of EUR 0.45 per share would be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the second dividend instalment 2 October 2023 are recorded in the Company's shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In accordance with the proposal  the second dividend instalment would be paid on 10 October 2023.It was noted that the Board of Directors had further proposed to the General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting would authorise the Board of Directors to resolve  if necessary  on a new record date and date of payment for the second dividend instalment  should the rules of Euroclear Finland Oy or statutes applicable to the Finnish book- entry system be amended or should other rules binding upon the Company so require. The proposal of the Board of Directors was attached to the minutes (Appendix 7).The General Meeting resolved that dividend for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2022 be paid in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors.It was further resolved to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve  if necessary  on a new record date and date of payment for the second dividend instalment  should the rules of Euroclear Finland Oy or statutes applicable to the Finnish book-entry system be amended or should other rules binding upon the Company so require. It was recorded that the agenda item was discussed. Shareholder Lasse Reunanen (ballot number 477) asked his opinion on the dividend to be paid as single instalment to be minuted.A total of 2 888 036 opposing advance votes of the shareholders were recorded under this agenda item.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['Fortum Oyj', 'minutes', 'meeting', 'AGM', 'Johan Söderström', 'Finnish book- entry system', 'Finnish book-entry system', 'stock exchange releases', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Shareholder Lasse Reunanen', 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS', 'relevant agenda items', 'Annual General Meeting', 'opposing advance votes', 'new record date', ""Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'The General Meeting', 'single instalment', 'opposing votes', 'FINANCIAL REVIEW', 'senior management', 'technical personnel', 'full counting', 'qualified majority', 'abstaining votes', 'unofficial translation', 'original document', 'BALANCE SHEET', 'distributable funds', 'Fortum Corporation', 'remaining part', 'two instalments', 'financial year', 'new members', ""shareholders' equity"", ""shareholders' register"", 'principal auditor', 'The Chair', 'PROFIT SHOWN', 'other rules', 'ballot number', 'Anja McAlister', 'YEAR 2022', 'Directors', 'exception', 'addition', 'accordance', 'Appendix', 'proxy', 'ATTENDANCE', 'ADOPTION', 'ELECTION', 'PERSONS', 'MINUTES', 'proposals', 'means', '27 January', '2 March', 'entirety', 'Company', 'website', 'dates', 'PRESENTATION', 'OPERATING', 'REPORT', 'President', 'CEO', 'respect', 'resolutions', 'extent', 'counterproposal', 'English', 'total', '8 RESOLUTION', 'USE', 'DISTRIBUTION', '31 December', 'assessment', 'payment', 'liquidity', '24 April', '10 October', 'statutes', 'opinion']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23714,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORTUM-OYJ-1412461/news/Fortum-Oyj-Minutes-of-the-AGM-2023-of-Fortum-Corporation-43640458/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Fortum Oyj : Minutes of the AGM 2023 of Fortum Corporation,(marketscreener.com)   1    Minutes 1/2023      ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023 OF FORTUM CORPORATION      Time:     Thursday  13 April 2023 at 2:00 p.m. .   ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORTUM-OYJ-1412461/news/Fortum-Oyj…,McAlister  the proposed new members of the Board of Directors with the exception ofIn addition  all members of the Board of Directors  with the exception of Anjavoted in advance  in accordance with the list of votes adopted at the meeting (AppendixShareholders were present at the meeting in person  represented by proxy or havingRECORDING THE ATTENDANCE AT THE MEETING AND ADOPTION OF THE LIST OF VOTESELECTION OF PERSONS TO SCRUTINISE THE MINUTES AND TO SUPERVISE THE COUNTING OF VOTESIt was noted that the proposals by the Shareholders' Nomination Board and the Board of Directors to the General Meeting had been published by means of stock exchange releases on 27 January 2023 and 2 March 2023  respectively. The proposals had also been published in their entirety on the Company's website on the said dates.PRESENTATION OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  THE OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND THE AUDITOR'S REPORT FOR THE YEAR 2022It was further noted that all the members of the Board of Directors  with the exception of Anja McAlister  the proposed new members of the Board of Directors  with the exception of Johan Söderström  the President and CEO  members of the Company's senior management  the Company's principal auditor and technical personnel were present at the meeting.The Chair noted that unless a full counting of the votes was conducted under an agenda item  the number of opposing votes  and in respect of the resolutions requiring a qualified majority  also the number of abstaining votes would be recorded in the minutes under each agenda item. To the extent the opposing advance votes had been presented without any counterproposals under such agenda items where it was not possible to vote against the proposal without presenting a counterproposal  such votes would not be formally acknowledged as opposing votes  and they would not be recorded under the relevant agenda items.4 (16)Minutes 1/2023(An unofficial translation of the original document in Finnish into English)A total of 222 627 opposing advance votes of the shareholders were recorded under this agenda item.8 RESOLUTION ON THE USE OF THE PROFIT SHOWN ON THE BALANCE SHEET AND THE DISTRIBUTION OF DIVIDENDIt was noted that the the distributable funds of Fortum Corporation as at 31 December 2022 had amounted to EUR 6 291 275 608 of which the profit for the financial year 2022 totaled EUR 1 542 734 239.It was noted that the Board of Directors had proposed to the General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.91 per share would be paid for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2022  EUR 816 510 663 in total. In accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  the remaining part of the distributable funds would be retained in the shareholders' equity. In accordance with the assessment of the Board of Directors  the payment of dividend will not compromise the Company's liquidity.In accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  the dividend will be paid in two instalments.The first dividend instalment of EUR 0.46 per share would be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the first dividend instalment 17 April 2023 are recorded in the Company's shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In accordance with the proposal  the first dividend instalment would be paid on 24 April 2023.The second dividend instalment of EUR 0.45 per share would be paid to shareholders who on the record date of the second dividend instalment 2 October 2023 are recorded in the Company's shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. In accordance with the proposal  the second dividend instalment would be paid on 10 October 2023.It was noted that the Board of Directors had further proposed to the General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting would authorise the Board of Directors to resolve  if necessary  on a new record date and date of payment for the second dividend instalment  should the rules of Euroclear Finland Oy or statutes applicable to the Finnish book- entry system be amended or should other rules binding upon the Company so require. The proposal of the Board of Directors was attached to the minutes (Appendix 7).The General Meeting resolved that dividend for the financial year that ended on 31 December 2022 be paid in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors.It was further resolved to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve  if necessary  on a new record date and date of payment for the second dividend instalment  should the rules of Euroclear Finland Oy or statutes applicable to the Finnish book-entry system be amended or should other rules binding upon the Company so require. It was recorded that the agenda item was discussed. Shareholder Lasse Reunanen (ballot number 477) asked his opinion on the dividend to be paid as single instalment to be minuted.A total of 2 888 036 opposing advance votes of the shareholders were recorded under this agenda item.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['Fortum Oyj', 'Fortum Corporation', 'Minutes', 'AGM', 'Johan Söderström', 'Finnish book- entry system', 'Finnish book-entry system', 'stock exchange releases', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Shareholder Lasse Reunanen', 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS', 'relevant agenda items', 'Annual General Meeting', 'opposing advance votes', 'new record date', ""Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'The General Meeting', 'single instalment', 'opposing votes', 'FINANCIAL REVIEW', 'senior management', 'technical personnel', 'full counting', 'qualified majority', 'abstaining votes', 'unofficial translation', 'original document', 'BALANCE SHEET', 'distributable funds', 'Fortum Corporation', 'remaining part', 'two instalments', 'financial year', 'new members', ""shareholders' equity"", ""shareholders' register"", 'principal auditor', 'The Chair', 'PROFIT SHOWN', 'other rules', 'ballot number', 'Anja McAlister', 'YEAR 2022', 'Directors', 'exception', 'addition', 'accordance', 'Appendix', 'proxy', 'ATTENDANCE', 'ADOPTION', 'ELECTION', 'PERSONS', 'MINUTES', 'proposals', 'means', '27 January', '2 March', 'entirety', 'Company', 'website', 'dates', 'PRESENTATION', 'OPERATING', 'REPORT', 'President', 'CEO', 'respect', 'resolutions', 'extent', 'counterproposal', 'English', 'total', '8 RESOLUTION', 'USE', 'DISTRIBUTION', '31 December', 'assessment', 'payment', 'liquidity', '24 April', '10 October', 'statutes', 'opinion']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23715,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRUECALLER-AB-PUBL-127708984/news/Truecaller-Notice-to-AGM-2023-43649285/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Truecaller : Notice to AGM 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Press release 2023-04-26   The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail.   Notice of annual general meeting in T…,"Press release 2023-04-26 The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail. Notice of annual general meeting in Truecaller AB The shareholders in Truecaller AB  Reg. No. 559278-2774  are hereby invited to attend the annual general meeting (Sw. årsstämma) to be held at the company's premises at Mäster Samuelsgatan 56 in Stockholm  Sweden  on Friday 26 May 2023 at 2 p.m. Right to participate in the meeting and notice of participation Shareholders wishing to attend the annual general meeting must: be registered in the company's share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as ofWednesday 17 May 2023; andWednesday 17 May 2023; and no later than on Monday 22 May 2023  notify the company of their intention to participate in the annual general meeting by mail to Computershare AB  ""Truecaller's AGM""  P.O.Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden  by phone to +46(0)771 24 64 00  by e-mail to proxy@computershare.se  or electronically on the company's website (corporate.truecaller.com/governance/general-meetings). The notice should specify the complete name of the shareholder  personal identity number or company registration number  the number of shares held by the shareholder  address  telephone number during work hours and  when applicable  information on the number of advisors (two at the most). Trustee-registered shares Shareholders whose shares are trustee-registered in the name of a bank or other trustee must  to be able to exercise their voting rights at the annual general meeting  request the trustee to register their shares in their own name with Euroclear Sweden AB (so called ""voting rights registration""). Such voting rights registration must be implemented by the trustee no later than as of Monday 22 May 2023. Accordingly  shareholders must well in advance before this date notify their trustee of their request of such voting rights registration. Proxies etc. A proxy representing a shareholder must bring a written  dated and by the shareholder signed power of attorney to the annual general meeting. The validity term of the power of attorney may be at the longest five years if this is specifically stated. In case no validity term is stated  the power of attorney is valid for at the longest one year. Should the power of attorney be issued by a legal entity  a copy of a registration certificate (Sw. registreringsbevis) or equivalent document shall be presented at the meeting. In order to facilitate the preparations before the meeting  a copy of the power of attorney and other proof of authority should be attached to the notice of participation. A template power of attorney can be found at the company website (corporate.truecaller.com/governance/general-meetings) and will be sent by mail to the shareholders who request it and state their address.Proposed agenda Opening of the meeting. Election of chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting register. Approval of the agenda. Election of one or two persons to attest the minutes. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened. Address by the chief executive officer. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated annual report and the auditor's report on the consolidated annual report. Resolution: in respect of the adoption of the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet and the consolidated profit and loss statement and the consolidated balance sheet; in respect of the allocation of the company's profits as set forth in the adopted balance sheet; and in respect of discharge from liability of the board members and the chief executive officer. Determination of the number of board members and the number of auditors and deputy auditors. Determination of remuneration for the members of the board of directors and auditors. Election of board and auditor. Resolution on approval of remuneration report. Resolution on establishment of principles for the Nomination Committee. Resolution on authorization for the board of directors regarding issues. Resolution on authorization for the board of directors regarding repurchase and transfer of series B shares in the company. Resolution on implementation of employee stock option program  directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants to fulfil the company's commitments under the employee stock option program. Resolution on implementation of share program and hedging arrangements in respect of the program. Closing of the meeting.Proposed resolutions Item 1: Election of chairman of the meeting The Nomination Committee  that has consisted of Sven Törnkvist (chairman)  appointed by Alan Mamedi  Kamjar Hajabdolahi  appointed by Nami Zarringhalam  Piyush Gupta  appointed by Sequoia Capital  and Bing Gordon  chairman of the board of directors  proposes that Annika Poutiainen is elected as chairwoman of the meeting. Item 8 b: Resolution in respect of the allocation of the company's profits as set forth in the adopted balance sheet The board of directors proposes that no dividends are paid to the shareholders and that the available funds of SEK 11 058 741 328 are carried forward. Item 9: Determination of the number of board members and the number of auditors and deputy auditors The Nomination Committee proposes that the board of directors shall be composed of six (6) board members. Furthermore  it is proposed  in accordance with the recommendation from the Audit Committee  that one registered public accounting firm is appointed as auditor. Item 10: Determination of remuneration for the members of the board of directors and auditors The Nomination Committee proposes that board remuneration shall be paid with SEK 465 000 to the chairman of the board of directors (unchanged since last year) and with SEK 350 000 to each of the other board members (unchanged since last year). It is further proposed that remuneration for committee work shall be paid with SEK 235 000 to the chairman of the Audit Committee (unchanged since last year)  with SEK 60 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee (unchanged since last year)  with SEK 115 000 to the chairman of the Remuneration Committee (unchanged since last year) and with SEK 60 000 to each of the other members of the Remuneration Committee (unchanged since last year). Board remuneration shall not be paid to board members (including the chairman)  who are employed by the company. Remuneration for the auditor is  in accordance with the recommendation from the Audit Committee  proposed to be paid in accordance with customary norms and approved invoice. Item 11: Election of board and auditor The Nomination Committee proposes that Bing Gordon  Alan Mamedi  Annika Poutiainen  Helena Svancar  Nami Zarringhalam and Shailesh Lakhani are re-elected as board members  and that Nami Zarringhalam is elected as new chairman of the board of directors. Information on the board members proposed for re-election can be found at the company website (corporate.truecaller.com/governance/general-meetings) and in the annual report. Furthermore  the Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation from the Audit Committee  that Ernst & Young AB is re-elected as accounting firm. Ernst & Young AB has informed that the authorized public accountant Jennifer Rock-Baley will continue to be the auditor in charge.Item 12: Resolution on approval of remuneration report The board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to approve the board of directors' remuneration report for the financial year 2022. Item 13: Resolution on establishment of principles for the Nomination Committee The Nomination Committee proposes that the annual general meeting resolves that a Nomination Committee shall be appointed and that the following principles for the Nomination Committee for the 2024 annual general meeting shall apply. The annual general meeting instructs a board member appointed by the board of directors  to contact the three largest shareholders or groups of shareholders in terms of votes (this refers to both directly registered shareholders and nominee registered shareholders)  according to Euroclear Sweden AB's transcript of the share register as of 30 September 2023  each appointing a representative to  together with the appointed board member  constitute the Nomination Committee for the period until a new Nomination Committee has been appointed in accordance with a mandate from the annual general meeting 2024. In the event that one of the three largest shareholders or groups of shareholders does not wish to appoint such a representative  the fourth largest shareholder or group of shareholders shall be consulted and so on until the Nomination Committee consists of four members (including the appointed board member). The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee shall be independent in relation to the company and the company's management. At least one of the members of the Nomination Committee shall be independent in relation to the largest shareholder in terms of votes or group of shareholders who cooperate on the company's management. The CEO or any other person from the company's management shall not be a member of the Nomination Committee. Board members may be members of the Nomination Committee but shall not constitute a majority of its members. If more than one board member is a member of the Nomination Committee  no more than one of them may be dependent in relation to the company's major shareholders. The Nomination Committee appoints the chairman of the committee among themselves. The appointed board member or other board members shall not be chairman of the Nomination Committee. The composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced no later than six months before the annual general meeting 2024. If one or more shareholders who have appointed representatives to the Nomination Committee no longer belong to the three largest shareholders in the company at a time more than two months before the annual general meeting  the representatives of these shareholders shall resign from their duties and new members shall be appointed by the new shareholders who then belong to the three largest shareholders. If a member of the Nomination Committee resigns before the nomination committee's work is completed  the same shareholder who appointed the outgoing member shall  if deemed necessary  have the right to appoint a new member  or if the shareholder is no longer among the three largest shareholders  the largest shareholder in turn  in accordance with the principles above  but on",neutral,0.17,0.82,0.01,positive,0.58,0.35,0.07,True,English,"['Truecaller', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'employee stock option program', 'Such voting rights registration', 'Mäster Samuelsgatan', 'P.O. Box', 'longest five years', 'chief executive officer', 'Sven Törnkvist', 'longest one year', 'The Nomination Committee', 'personal identity number', 'annual general meeting', 'consolidated annual report', 'series B shares', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'company registration number', 'registration certificate', 'voting register', 'share program', 'consolidated profit', 'Press release', 'English text', 'unofficial translation', 'Swedish text', 'English translation', 'share register', 'Computershare AB', 'work hours', 'validity term', 'legal entity', 'equivalent document', 'other proof', 'two persons', 'loss statement', 'hedging arrangements', 'Alan Mamedi', 'Kamjar Hajabdolahi', 'Nami Zarringhalam', 'Piyush Gupta', 'Sequoia Capital', 'Bing Gordon', 'Annika Poutiainen', 'telephone number', 'Truecaller AB', 'Monday 22 May', 'Trustee-registered shares', 'Sw. registreringsbevis', 'remuneration report', 'complete name', 'deputy auditors', 'other trustee', 'template power', 'board members', 'company website', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Reg.', 'premises', 'Stockholm', 'Friday', 'participation', 'Wednesday', 'intention', 'mail', 'AGM', 'proxy', 'general-meetings', 'address', 'information', 'advisors', 'bank', 'advance', 'request', 'Proxies', 'attorney', 'copy', 'order', 'preparations', 'authority', 'agenda', 'Election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'Resolution', 'respect', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'profits', 'discharge', 'liability', 'directors', 'establishment', 'principles', 'authorization', 'issues', 'repurchase', 'transfer', 'implementation', 'warrants', 'commitments', 'Closing', 'Item', 'chairwoman']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23716,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CYBER-SECURITY-1-AB-PUBL-39436350/news/Cyber-Security-1-Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-2023-26th-May-English-43639811/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Cyber Security 1 : Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023  26th May (English),(marketscreener.com)   Notice to annual general meeting in Cyber Security 1 AB    The shareholders of Cyber Security 1 AB   556135-4811   are hereby convened to the annual general meeting at 10.00am on 26 May 2023 at address Helio Signalfabriken  Sundbyb…,"Notice to annual general meeting in Cyber Security 1 AB (publ) The shareholders of Cyber Security 1 AB (publ)  556135-4811 (the ""Company"")  are hereby convened to the annual general meeting at 10.00am on 26 May 2023 at address Helio Signalfabriken  Sundbybergs Torg 1 172 67 Sundbyberg. Check-in starts at 09:45am. The board has  in accordance with the Company's articles of association  decided that the shareholders shall have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights by postal voting before the meeting. Shareholders can thus choose to exercise their right to vote at the meeting in person  by proxy or by postal vote before the meeting. The right to participate at the general meeting Shareholders who wish to exercise their voting rights at the general meeting shall (i) be entered as shareholders in the general meeting share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on 17 May 2023  and(ii) notify the Company in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Registration for participation in person or by proxy"" or shall cast a postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Instructions for postal voting"". To be entitled to participate at the general meeting  shareholders with nominee-registered shares through a bank or other nominee must register their shares in their own name with Euroclear Sweden AB (so-called voting rights registration). Shareholders requesting such registration must notify their nominee well before 17 May 2023  when such registration must have been executed. Registration for participation in person or by proxy Shareholders who wish to participate in the general meeting in person or by proxy must notify the company by 19 May 2023 by post to Cyber Security 1 AB  Ref: AGM 2023  BOX 70396  107 24 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to agm2023@cyber1.com. In the notification  the name or company name  social security number or organization number  address  telephone number and  where applicable  the number of representatives (maximum two) must be stated. Those who do not wish to attend in person and do not exercise their right to vote by postal vote may exercise their voting right at the general meeting by proxy with a written and dated power of attorney. Power of attorney  certificate of registration and other authorization documents should be sent either by e-mail or post to the above-mentioned addresses no later than 19 May 2023. Please note that notification of participation at the general meeting must be conducted as above even if the shareholder wishes to exercise the right to vote at the general meeting by proxy. A submitted power of attorney is therefore not valid as notification to the general meeting. Power of attorney forms are available on the Company's website  cyber1.com. Instructions for postal voting Shareholders who wish to exercise their right to vote by postal vote must use the postal voting form available on the Company's website  cyber1.com. The postal vote shall have reached the Company no later than on 19 May 2023. The postal voting form shall be sent either by e-mail or post to the above- mentioned addresses. Further instructions and conditions can be found in the postal voting form. A shareholder who wishes to revoke a postal vote and instead exercise their right to vote by attending the general meeting in person or by proxy must notify the Company by e-mail or post to the above- mentioned addresses before the general meeting opens. If a shareholder casts a postal vote by proxy  a written and dated power of attorney must be attached to the postal voting form. Power of attorney forms are available on the Company's website  cyber1.com.For questions on the general meeting or to obtain a postal voting form or proxy form by post  please contact the Company by e-mail at the above address. Use of personal data For information regarding the processing of your personal data  please see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear Sweden AB's website: www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. PROPOSED AGENDA Opening of the meeting and election of chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of voting register. Approval of the agenda. Election of one or two participants to verify the minutes. Determination of whether the general meeting has been duly convened. Presentation of annual accounts and the auditor's report and the consolidated accounts and consolidated auditor's report. Resolutions regarding adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet  appropriation of the profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet  and discharge from liability for the directors of the board and the CEO. Determination of the number of board directors and deputy board directors  and where applicable  auditors and deputy auditors. Determination of the remuneration to the board of directors and auditors. Election of the board of directors and auditors. Resolution to grant the board of directors the authority to issue shares  convertible instruments and warrants. Closing of the meeting Certain proposals that shall be submitted by the nomination committee Certain proposals at the annual general meeting shall be submitted by the nomination committee. According to good market practice  as no nomination committee has been appointed  certain proposals to the general meeting have instead been submitted by Marlo Finance BV  as a main shareholder in the Company. All proposals for decisions below that are not presented by Marlo Finance BV are presented by the board of directors.Item 1 - Election of chairman of the meeting It is proposed that LL.M. Linus Löfgren  or in case of impediment  the person instead proposed by the Board  be appointed as the chairman of the general meeting. Item 2 - Preparation and approval of the voting list It is proposed that the voting list approved by the general meeting is the voting list drawn up by the chairman of the general meeting based on the general meeting share register  registered shareholders who are present at the general meeting and postal votes received. Item 3 - Approval of the agenda It is proposed that the above agenda is approved. Item 4 - Election of one or two participants to verify the minutes It is proposed that a representative of Marlo Finance BV or  in case of impediment  the person instead proposed by the board of directors  be appointed to  alongside the chairman of the meeting  verify the minutes. Item 5 - Determination of whether the general meeting has been duly convened Notice of the general meeting has been made in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act and the Company's articles of association  wherefore it is proposed that the general meeting resolves that the general meeting has been duly convened. Item 7 a - Adoption of the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet It is proposed that the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet in the presented annual accounts for 2022 are adopted. Item 7 b - Decision regarding appropriation of the profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet It is proposed that the profits/loss shall be balanced in new account and that no dividends shall be paid. Item 7 c - Discharge from liability for directors of the board and the CEO. Marlo Finance BV proposes that all the directors of the board and the CEO that have assumed any of these functions during 2022 are discharged from liability.Item 8 - Determination of the number of board directors and deputy board directors  and where applicable  auditors and deputy auditors Marlo Finance BV proposes that  for the period until the next annual general meeting  the board of directors shall consist of five ordinary board directors without deputy board directors and that the Company shall have one registered auditor without deputy auditors. Item 9 - Determination of the remuneration to the board of directors and auditors Marlo Finance BV proposes that a board fee of SEK 450 000 be paid to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 400 000 to each of the other members of the board of directors. It is proposed that the auditor shall be compensated in accordance with current approved accounts. Item 10 - Election of the board directors and auditors Marlo Finance BV proposes  for the period until the next annual general meeting  re-election of board directors Alan Goslar  Johannes Bolsenbroek  Pekka Honkanen  Zeth Nyström and Robert Brown It is proposed  for the period until the next annual general meeting  to re-elect as auditor RSM Stockholm AB  who has informed that if the general meeting resolves in accordance with the proposal  Malin Lanneborn shall continue to be the principal auditor. Item 11 - Resolution to grant the board of directors the authority to issue shares  convertible instruments and warrants It is proposed that the general meeting resolves to authorise the board of directors to  until the next annual general meeting  with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  on one or several occasions  resolve to issue shares  convertible instruments and/or warrants. Payment may be made in cash and/or with a condition to pay in kind or by way of set-off  or other conditions. The issues are to be performed on market conditions  taking into account any discount on market terms. The reason for the authorization and the reason for the possible deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to enable capital raisings for the acquisition of companies or businesses  or portions thereof  funding of the operations of the Company as well as settlement of debt. A resolution to approve the present proposal is valid only were supported by shareholders holding not less than two-thirds (2/3) of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting. Number of shares and votes There are in total 1 025 928 865 shares and votes in the Company. Documents Annual accounts and auditor's report for financial year 2022 will be available with the Company (address above) and on the Company's webpage  cyber1.com  from 5 May 2023. The aforementioned documents will be sent to those shareholders who so request and submit their postal address or e- mail address. The above proposals constitute complete proposals for other resolutions according to the agenda. Shareholders' right to request information Shareholders are informed of their right according to Ch. 7. Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act to request information at the general meeting in respect of circumstances that may affect the",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Cyber Security', '26th May', 'Notice', 'English', 'general meeting share register', 'other authorization documents', 'Cyber Security 1 AB', 'PROPOSED AGENDA Opening', 'consolidated income statement', 'postal voting form', 'social security number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'annual general meeting', 'voting rights registration', 'voting register', 'deputy board directors', 'annual accounts', 'consolidated accounts', 'postal vote', 'proxy form', 'Helio Signalfabriken', 'Sundbybergs Torg', 'other nominee', 'personal data', 'integrity policy', 'two participants', 'convertible instruments', 'organization number', 'telephone number', 'deputy auditors', 'nominee-registered shares', 'dated power', 'attorney forms', 'Further instructions', 'company name', 'proxy Shareholders', 'Notice', 'publ', '10.00am', '26 May', 'address', '67 Sundbyberg', 'Check', 'accordance', 'articles', 'association', 'opportunity', '17 May', 'heading', 'participation', 'bank', '19 May', 'Ref', 'AGM', 'Stockholm', 'mail', 'notification', 'representatives', 'written', 'certificate', 'website', 'conditions', 'questions', 'Use', 'information', 'processing', 'ESw', 'Legal', 'engelska', 'election', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'report', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'appropriation', 'profit', 'loss', 'liability', 'CEO', 'remuneration', 'authority', 'issue', 'warrants']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23717,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRUECALLER-AB-PUBL-127708984/news/Truecaller-The-Nomination-Committee-s-proposals-and-reasoned-statement-43649278/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Truecaller : The Nomination Committee's proposals and reasoned statement,(marketscreener.com)   The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail.   The Nomination Committee's proposals to the annual general meeting …,"The English text is an unofficial translation. In case of any discrepancies between the Swedish text and the English translation  the Swedish text shall prevail. The Nomination Committee's proposals to the annual general meeting  the work of the Nomination Committee and its reasoned statement regarding its proposals for board members in Truecaller AB The 2023 Nomination Committee of Truecaller AB (""Truecaller"") has consisted of Sven Törnkvist (chairman)  appointed by Alan Mamedi  Kamjar Hajabdolahi  appointed by Nami Zarringhalam  Piyush Gupta  appointed by Sequoia Capital  and Bing Gordon  chairman of the board of directors. The Nomination Committee and its work Ahead of the annual general meeting 2023  the Nomination Committee has held two meetings where minutes have been kept  and has also had several informal contacts. The Nomination Committee has been provided with an introduction to Truecaller by the chairman of the board of directors  including a review of the evaluation of the work of the board of directors. The Nomination Committee has also spoken with all of the board members individually. Particular attention has been paid to the composition of the board and how the board functions as a group. The Nomination Committee has discussed the evaluation of the work of the board of directors. The Nomination Committee has also decided on the remunerations for the board of directors  the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee. The Nomination Committee's proposal for chairman of the annual general meeting The Nomination Committee proposes that the chairwoman of the Audit Committee  Annika Poutiainen  is appointed as chairwoman of the annual general meeting. The Nomination Committee's proposals for board members The Nomination Committee proposes that the board of directors shall be composed of six (6) board members. Furthermore it is proposed that the board members Bing Gordon  Alan Mamedi  Annika Poutiainen  Helena Svancar  Nami Zarringhalam and Shailesh Lakhani shall be re-elected. Finally  the Nomination Committee proposes that Nami Zarringhalam shall be elected as new chairman of the board of directors  replacing Bing Gordon who has asked to be relieved of that position due to time constraints. Bing Gordon has been the chairman since 2021  and has in that capacity been instrumental in Truecaller's developments as a public company. He is however based in the western US  which in his capacity as chairman entails more travelling than he can accommodate at this time. Nami Zarringhalam preceded Bing Gordon as chairman between 2018-2021 leading up to the company's IPO and has deep insights into the company's strategy and operations  and has accepted the nomination. The Nomination Committee concludes that nominating Nami Zarringhalam is in the best interest of the company and its shareholders. Reasons for the proposals The Nomination Committee has  to assist in its work  received an evaluation of the board of directors and its work based on a survey directed at all current board members. The size and composition of the board of directors with regard to  inter alia  industry expertise and competence  has been discussed. The Nomination Committee has in its work ahead of the annual general meeting aimed to ensure that the board of directors possesses the competence and experience necessary  taking into account the operations as well as thecurrent developmental phase of Truecaller  in order for the board to continue to successfully manage the company. The Nomination Committee has  in particular  valued the board's need for diversity and breadth with respect to competence  experience and background  considering  among other things  the company's strategic development  management and control. The Nomination Committee has discussed perspectives on competence diversity based on the view that such diversity is essential in deciding on the composition of the board of directors. The Nomination Committee has applied section 4.1 of the Swedish Code of Corporate Governance (the ""Code"") as its diversity policy. The Nomination Committee is of the opinion that the proposed board members represent a broad and diverse group of informed persons  well-motivated and fit for the tasks to be carried out by the board of directors of Truecaller. The Nomination Committee is also of the opinion that the board members complement each other well with respect to competence and experience. The proposed board comprises four male and two female members  i.e. a proportion of thirty- three per cent female members. The Nomination Committee works in accordance with the requirements set out in the Code. The Nomination Committee has  after assessing the independence of the proposed board members  found that the Nomination Committee's proposals meet the requirements of independence set out in the Code. A closer presentation of the proposed board members (including the Nomination Committee's evaluation on independence) can be found on https://corporate.truecaller.com/ and in the annual report. Furthermore  the Nomination Committee has  together with the board of directors  discussed the importance of the company working with sustainability in an informed and productive manner. The Nomination Committee's proposals regarding remuneration to the board of directors The remuneration for each board member who is not employed by the company has from the annual general meeting 2022 amounted to SEK 350 000 annually. The chairman of the board of directors has received SEK 465 000 annually. Remuneration for the work of the members in the Audit Committee amounted to SEK 60 000 annually and SEK 235 000 for the chairman of the Audit Committee. Remuneration for the work of the members in the Remuneration Committee amounted to SEK 60 000 annually and SEK 115 000 annually for the chairman of the Remuneration Committee. The Nomination Committee proposes the following: The remuneration for board members shall amount to SEK 350 000 annually. The remuneration for the chairman of the board shall amount to SEK 465 000 annually. Remuneration for the Audit Committee shall amount to SEK 60 000 annually for the members of the Audit Committee and SEK 235 000 for the chairman of the Audit Committee. Remuneration for the work on the Remuneration Committee shall amount to SEK 60 000 annually for members  and SEK 115 000 annually for the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.Board remuneration shall not be paid to board members (including the chairman)  who are employed by the company. The Nomination Committee's proposal regarding election of auditor The Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation from the Audit Committee  that a registered accounting company is elected as auditor and that the current company auditor (Ernst & Young AB) is re-elected until the next annual general meeting. Ernst & Young AB has informed that the authorized public accountant Jennifer Rock-Baley will continue to be the auditor in charge. The Nomination Committee's proposal regarding remuneration to the auditor The Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation from the Audit Committee  that remuneration is paid in accordance with customary norms and approved invoice. The Nomination Committee's proposal for resolution on establishment of principles for the Nomination Committee The Nomination Committee proposes that the annual general meeting on 26 May 2023 resolves that a Nomination Committee shall be appointed and that the following principles for the Nomination Committee for the 2024 annual general meeting shall apply. The annual general meeting instructs a board member appointed by the board of directors  to contact the three largest shareholders or groups of shareholders in terms of votes (this refers to both directly registered shareholders and nominee registered shareholders)  according to Euroclear Sweden AB's transcript of the share register as of 30 September 2023  each appointing a representative to  together with the appointed board member  constitute the Nomination Committee for the period until a new Nomination Committee has been appointed in accordance with a mandate from the annual general meeting 2024. In the event that one of the three largest shareholders or groups of shareholders does not wish to appoint such a representative  the fourth largest shareholder or group of shareholders shall be consulted and so on until the Nomination Committee consists of four members (including the appointed board member). The majority of the members of the Nomination Committee shall be independent in relation to the company and the company's management. At least one of the members of the Nomination Committee shall be independent in relation to the largest shareholder in terms of votes or group of shareholders who cooperate on the company's management. The CEO or any other person from the company's management shall not be a member of the Nomination Committee. Board members may be members of the Nomination Committee but shall not constitute a majority of its members. If more than one board member is a member of the Nomination Committee  no more than one of them may be dependent in relation to the company's major shareholders. The Nomination Committee appoints the chairman of the committee among themselves. The appointed board member or other board members shall not be chairman of the Nomination Committee. The composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced no later than six months before the annual general meeting 2024.",neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,mixed,0.52,0.27,0.21,True,English,"['The Nomination Committee', 'Truecaller', 'proposals', 'reasoned', 'statement', 'thirty- three per cent female members', 'two female members', 'Sven Törnkvist', 'several informal contacts', 'current developmental phase', 'annual general meeting', 'The Nomination Committee', 'six (6) board members', 'current board members', '2023 Nomination Committee', 'annual report', 'Audit Committee', 'Remuneration Committee', 'two meetings', 'English text', 'unofficial translation', 'Swedish text', 'English translation', 'Alan Mamedi', 'Kamjar Hajabdolahi', 'Nami Zarringhalam', 'Piyush Gupta', 'Sequoia Capital', 'Bing Gordon', 'Particular attention', 'Annika Poutiainen', 'Helena Svancar', 'Shailesh Lakhani', 'western US', 'deep insights', 'best interest', 'industry expertise', 'other things', 'strategic development', 'informed persons', 'four male', 'closer presentation', 'time constraints', 'Corporate Governance', 'diversity policy', 'diverse group', 'Swedish Code', 'public company', 'Truecaller AB', 'new chairman', 'competence diversity', 'case', 'discrepancies', 'proposals', 'work', 'reasoned', 'statement', 'directors', 'minutes', 'introduction', 'review', 'evaluation', 'composition', 'remunerations', 'chairwoman', 'capacity', 'developments', 'IPO', 'strategy', 'operations', 'shareholders', 'Reasons', 'survey', 'size', 'regard', 'experience', 'account', 'order', 'need', 'breadth', 'respect', 'background', 'management', 'control', 'perspectives', 'section', 'opinion', 'broad', 'tasks', 'proportion', 'accordance', 'requirements', 'independence']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23718,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/welcome-eqt-ab-annual-shareholders-064000764.html,WELCOME TO THE EQT AB ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING 2023,"The shareholders of EQT AB (publ) (""EQT"") are given notice of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting (the ""Meeting"") to be held on Tuesday 30 May 2023 at 14.00...","STOCKHOLM  April 26  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of EQT AB (publ) (""EQT"") are given notice of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting (the ""Meeting"") to be held on Tuesday 30 May 2023 at 14.00 CEST at Sergel Hub  Sveavägen 10  SE-111 57 Stockholm  Sweden. Registration starts at 13.00 CEST. The shareholders may also choose to participate and vote online or to vote in advance.EQT's registration number is 556849-4180  and its registered office is in Stockholm  Sweden.Conditions for participationShareholders may choose to participate in  and vote at  the Meeting online (i.e. electronically)  in person or in advance. Shareholders who wish to participate in the Meeting must be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") concerning the circumstances on Monday 22 May 2023.In addition  the shareholders must give notice of their participation in the Meeting:Shareholders who choose to participate in  and vote at  the Meeting online or in person must give notice of participation no later than Wednesday 24 May 2023. Notice of participation may be submitted by e-mail to proxy@computershare.se (with reference to ""EQT AGM 2023"")  by mail to Computershare AB  ""EQT AGM 2023""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden  or by telephone to Computershare AB +46 8 46 00 73 80. Natural persons with BankID are primarily asked to submit their notice of participation on EQT's website  www.eqtgroup.com/AGM.Those who choose to vote in advance must give notice of participation by submitting their advance vote in accordance with the instructions in the ""Advance voting"" section below so that the advance vote is received by Computershare AB no later than Wednesday 24 May 2023.When giving notice of participation  please state name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and e-mail address. If you wish to be represented by proxy  this must be notified within the same time and in the same manner as stated above and a power of attorney as well as other relevant supporting documents must be attached.Story continuesTo be entitled to participate in the Meeting  in addition to providing notification of participation  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register as of Monday 22 May 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed no later than the second banking day after Monday 22 May 2023 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Simultaneous translation (Swedish/English and English/Swedish) will be offered at the Meeting venue. For persons attending the Meeting online  such translation will be offered via subtitles.Attendance in personIf you wish to participate in the Meeting in person  you must give notice as instructed above. Registration will commence at 13.00 CEST and light lunch will be served ahead of the Meeting.Attendance onlineIf you wish to participate in the Meeting online  you must give notice as instructed above.You will receive an email with log in instructions on or around 26 May 2023. On the day of the Meeting  you can log in from 13.00 CEST  and you must have logged in no later than 14.00 CEST. Please note that you must log in on the day of the Meeting in accordance with the above to be able to participate in and vote at the Meeting.In connection with each proposal for which online voting is conducted  you will be able to choose between the alternatives ""Yes""  ""No"" or ""Abstain"". For online participants  the following rules apply (which the participant accepts by choosing to participate online). There will be no opportunity to speak  present proposals or objections or request voting. The Board has resolved that external persons have the right to follow the Meeting as it is not possible to verify if any external persons follow the Meeting online.It will be possible to ask questions online during the Meeting through a chat function. The ambition is that all questions shall be presented and answered  but the number  as well as the type of questions  may entail that not all questions are presented and answered in the Meeting. A moderator will categorize questions asked to facilitate for the chairperson and to avoid repetitions.In order to participate and vote online  you must have a steady network connection throughout the Meeting and the web browser on your computer  smartphone or tablet shall be updated to the latest software version and operating system etc. More information can be found in the email with your log in instructions. EQT has carefully prepared to enable participation and voting online. However  it cannot be ruled out that any technical complication entails functional deficiencies. If this happens  or if the participation online otherwise did not work as intended  the Meeting will be held disregarding online votes that would otherwise have been casted. Therefore  it is important to note that if you want to be certain of being able to vote  you should vote in advance or participate in person.Advance votingYou may exercise your voting rights at the Meeting by voting in advance  so called postal voting. To vote in advance  please use the form for advance voting available on www.eqtgroup.com/AGM.Shareholders who vote in advance may follow the Meeting online by requesting this in the form for advance voting. If a shareholder chooses to vote in advance and follow the Meeting online  the shareholder will not be able to participate in a voting procedure or otherwise change its advance vote during the Meeting.If a shareholder has voted in advance and has notified its participation to attend the Meeting at the meeting venue  the vote cast in advance is still valid to the extent that the shareholder does not participate in a voting procedure at the Meeting or otherwise withdraws the advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting at the Meeting  the vote cast will replace the previously submitted advance vote with regard to the relevant item on the agenda.The completed and signed advance voting form must be received by Computershare AB (administering the forms on behalf of EQT) no later than Wednesday 24 May 2023  either by using BankID  by e-mail to proxy@computershare.se (with reference ""EQT AGM 2023"") or by mail to Computershare AB  ""EQT AGM 2023""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. If the shareholder votes in advance by proxy  the power of attorney shall be enclosed to the form or submitted in accordance with the instructions in the form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or a relevant supporting document shall be enclosed to the form or submitted in accordance with the instructions in the form. The shareholder may not add any specific instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote will be invalid.Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.Questions and shareholders' right to receive informationThe shareholders are reminded of their right to receive information from the Board and the CEO in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act. Requests for such information may be submitted in advance by e-mail to agm@eqtgroup.com or by mail to EQT AB  ""AGM 2023""  Box SE-164 09 Stockholm  Sweden.Shares and votesAs per the date of this notice  EQT's share capital amounts to SEK 119 369 201.40 represented by 1 193 692 014 shares divided into 1 185 393 930 ordinary shares and 8 298 084 class C shares. Ordinary shares carry one vote while class C shares carry 1/10th vote. As per the date of this notice  EQT holds 7 068 423 own class C shares  corresponding to 706 842.30 votes  which cannot be represented in the Meeting.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the Meeting2. Election of chairperson of the Meeting3. Preparation and approval of the voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of one or two persons who shall approve the minutes of the Meeting6. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation by the CEO8. Presentation of the annual report as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditors' report9. Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet  as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet10. Resolution regarding allocation of EQT's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet11. Resolution regarding discharge of liability for the Board members and the CEO12. Resolution on:a. the number of Board members who shall be appointed by the Meetingb. the number of auditors and deputy auditors who shall be appointed by the Meeting13. Resolution on:a. fees to the Board membersb. transfer of own shares to Board membersc. fees to the auditors14. Election of Board members and Chairperson of the Boarda. Conni Jonsson  re-electionb. Margo Cook  re-electionc. Brooks Entwistle  re-electiond. Johan Forssell  re-electione. Diony Lebot  re-electionf. Gordon Orr  re-electiong. Marcus Wallenberg  re-electionh. Chairperson of the Board: Conni Jonsson  re-election15. Election of auditors and deputy auditors16. Resolution on principles for appointment of the nomination committee17. Presentation of the Board's remuneration report for approval18. Resolution on guidelines for remuneration to executive management19. Resolution on authorization for the Board to issue shares and warrants20. Resolution on authorization for the Board to resolve on repurchase of own shares21. Resolution on amendment of the articles of association22. Resolution on the EQT Share Program (items (a)-(d))23. Resolution on the EQT Option Program (items (a)-(d))24. Resolution on reduction of the share capital through cancellation of treasury class C shares and on increase of the share capital through a bonus issue25. Closing of the MeetingThe Board's proposalsItem 10 - Allocation of EQT's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheetThe Board proposes a dividend to the shareholders of SEK 3.00 per share for the fiscal year 2022. The dividend is proposed to be paid out in two installments. At the first installment  SEK 1.50 with record date 1 June 2023. At the second installment  SEK 1.50 with record date 30 November 2023. Should the Meeting resolve in favor of the proposal  payment of the dividend is expected to be facilitated by Euroclear on 7 June 2023 and on 5 December 2023  respectively.Item 18 - Guidelines for remuneration to executive managementThe Board proposes that the Meeting adopts the following guidelines for remuneration to executive management (ExCom).Guidelines for executive remuneration (remuneration policy)The CEO and other members of the Executive Committee (executive management) fall within the provisions of these guidelines. To the extent a Board member conducts work for EQT  in addition to the board work  consulting fees and other compensation for such work may be paid. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration separately decided or approved by the shareholders' meeting.EQT has a clear remuneration philosophy (including for variable cash) applicable across the whole group which also governs the remuneration to the Executive Committee and links compensation to EQT AB Group's business strategy  sustainability  long-term interests and long-term value growth for its shareholders.Most important is to incentivize fund performance and ensure aligned interest with our limited partners in the EQT funds  EQT AB's shareholders as well as EQT's long term approach. EQT is a performance driven organization focused on long-term value creation in line with our culture. Team performance and individual performance are important - therefore we reward both. Performance is key to our success and we award higher performance with higher compensation.To be able to achieve the business goals  EQT needs to be able to attract and retain world class talent suitable for each role. To achieve this  EQT applies market competitive total compensation.EQT compensates locally based on geography and in line with local practice and regulations  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.The principles in these guidelines enable EQT AB to offer the Executive Committee a competitive total remuneration.For more information regarding the EQT AB Group's business strategy  please see EQT AB's webpage  www.eqtgroup.com.Share-related incentive programsThe EQT Share program was implemented in the EQT AB Group. The EQT Share program was resolved by the shareholders' meeting and is therefore excluded from these guidelines. The EQT Share program included members of the Executive Committee in EQT AB. The performance criteria used to assess the outcome of the EQT Share program are distinctly linked to the EQT AB Group's business strategy  sustainability  long-term interests and value growth for its shareholders. These performance criteria comprise financial targets  inter alia  revenue growth and EBITDA  and in addition thereto the general competitiveness as well as the individual meeting or exceeding EQT AB's highly set expectations on adding value to the EQT platform. The participants will invest a variable amount (financed by EQT) in C shares after a performance year  whereupon a three-year (approximately) holding period follows. For more information regarding the EQT Share program  including the criteria which the outcome depends on  please see EQT AB's remuneration report  available on eqtgroup.com/shareholders/.The Board has proposed to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023 to adopt a new EQT Share program and an incentive program consisting of employee stock options (the ""EQT Option Program""). These incentive programs will be resolved upon by the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023 and are therefore excluded from these guidelines. The new EQT Share program will be similar to the current EQT Share program. The EQT Option Program will consist of five annual grants of employee stock options. The employee stock options will be granted free of charge to the participants. The exercise period will be approximately three years after the date of grant. Each employee stock option entitles the participant to acquire one ordinary share in EQT at a price corresponding to the price per ordinary share as of the date of grant. More information is included in the proposal presented in the notice to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023.Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed remuneration  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. The shareholders' meeting may - irrespective of these guidelines - resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration.Fixed remunerationThe fixed remuneration  i.e. base salary  should be competitive and reflect responsibility and performance.Variable remunerationThe satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration  within the EQT Bonus program  shall be measured over a period of one year. The variable cash remuneration may amount to no more than 200 percent of the annual base salary.The EQT Bonus program consists of a performance assessment of the business as well as an individual performance assessment. Important business performance factors determining the size of the bonus is the success of the underlying business measured by business performance in the funds (investments and exits as well as portfolio and fund performance)  business profitability  fundraising  sustainability as well as organizational development. The individual performance is assessed versus agreed targets as well as meeting  exceeding or not meeting high set individual performance expectations for the individual in the current role.To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the measurement period has ended. The remuneration committee shall be responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable remuneration to the CEO. For variable cash remuneration to other members of the Executive Committee  the CEO shall be responsible for the evaluation. For financial objectives  the evaluation shall be based on the latest financial information made public by EQT AB.The Executive Committee partly consists of owners of EQT AB. Owners that owned above 1.5 percent of the shares of EQT AB at IPO or at relevant acquisition may not be comprised by the EQT Bonus program  i.e. variable cash remuneration  nor any of the relevant share-related incentive programs. Therefore  total remuneration for part of the Executive Committee consists of base salary  pension benefits and other benefits.PensionAll members of the Executive Committee shall be covered by defined contribution pension plans  for which pension premiums shall be based on the members' base salary and paid by the company during the period of employment. For current members of the Executive Committee pension contributions shall be based on base salary and follow contribution levels in accordance with local market practice  except for the application of a cap. For Sweden  this means that it shall be comparable to the old BTP-plan with a contribution cap for base salary exceeding 40 Income base amounts. The pension premiums shall amount to no more than 25 percent of the annual base salary.Other benefitsOther benefits  such as insurances (health  life  travel)  sports contributions or occupational health services  should be payable to the extent this is considered to be in line with market conditions in the market concerned. Premiums and other costs relating to such benefits may amount to no more than 25 percent of the annual base salary.Recommendation to invest in EQT AB sharesThe Board recommends each Executive Committee member (who do not already have such holding) to acquire  over a three-year period  EQT AB shares or similar instruments corresponding to at least one year's base salary  before taxes and excluding other remuneration.Termination of employment and terms for severance pay for the CEOA twelve month notice period will apply if notice is given by the CEO or EQT AB. The CEO's employment terms include a non-competition clause. If used  this would entitle the employee to an additional compensation corresponding to a maximum of twelve months' salary  however  reduced by any remuneration paid by a new employer.Termination of employment and terms for severance pay for senior executivesIn the event of notice being given by the EQT AB Group  a notice period of nine months applies  while in the event of notice being given by the senior executive a period of notice of six months applies. The senior executives' employment terms also include a non-competition clause. If used  this entitles the employee to an additional compensation corresponding to a maximum of nine months' salary  however  reduced by any remuneration paid by a new employer. Base salary during the notice period and severance pay may not together exceed an amount corresponding to the base salary for eighteen months. When termination is made by the executive  the notice period may not exceed six months  without any right to severance pay.Salary and employment conditions for employees taken into account during preparations of these guidelinesIn the preparation of the Board's proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the EQT AB Group have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the remuneration committee's and the Board's basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board has established a remuneration committee. The committee's tasks include preparing the Board's decision to propose guidelines for executive remuneration. The Board shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the shareholders' meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the shareholders' meeting. The remuneration committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the Executive Committee  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the EQT AB Group. The current members of the remuneration committee are independent of EQT AB and its Executive Committee. The CEO and other members of the Executive Committee do not participate in the Board's processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Deviation from the guidelinesThe Board may temporarily resolve to deviate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there may be special cause for the deviation and a deviation should be necessary to serve the EQT AB Group's business strategy  sustainability  long-term interests and long-term value growth for its shareholders  or to ensure the EQT AB Group's financial viability. As set out above  the remuneration committee's tasks include preparing the Board's resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to deviate from the guidelines.Description of material changes to the guidelines and how the views of shareholders' have been taken into considerationCompared to the guidelines previously adopted  the Board has included a recommendation to Executive Committee members to acquire shares or similar instruments in EQT. The recommendation has been made to further align the interests of the Executive Committee members with the shareholders' interests.Item 19 - Authorization for the Board to issue shares and warrantsThe Board proposes that the Meeting resolves to authorize the Board to  during the period until the next Annual Shareholders' Meeting  on one or more occasions  resolve upon issuances of new shares and/or warrants to be paid in cash  by way of set-off and/or in kind. Shares and/or warrants may be issued without preferential rights for the shareholders of EQT AB. The number of shares and/or warrants issued may not correspond to a dilution of more than 10 percent of the total number of shares as of the first exercise of the proposed authorization  after full exercise of the hereby proposed authorization.The purpose of the authorization is to provide flexibility for acquisitions of companies  businesses or parts thereof  as well as to increase financial flexibility for EQT and broaden the shareholder base. Any issue of new shares resolved upon pursuant to this authorization shall be made at market terms and conditions  taking into account the transaction as a whole. Warrants may be issued free of charge.The Head of Corporate Legal of EQT AB is authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Item 20 - Authorization for the Board to resolve on repurchase of own sharesThe Board proposes that the Meeting resolves to authorize the Board to decide on purchases of the company's own ordinary shares as follows:The Board is authorized to make purchases of the company's ordinary shares on as many occasions as it deems appropriate during the period up to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2024. The number of shares purchased must at no time result in the company's holding exceeding 10 percent of all the shares in the company.The purchases are to be made on Nasdaq Stockholm or in accordance with an offer to acquire shares directed to all shareholders of the same share class or through a combination of these two alternatives. Acquisition of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made at a price per share within the price interval applicable at the time of acquisition. Acquisitions of shares by way of offers to acquire shares directed to all the company's shareholders of the same share class shall be made at an acquisition price which is no more than 15 percent above the prevailing market price and no less than SEK 0.The purposes of the authorization are to enable the Board to adjust the company's capital structure  enable acquisitions of companies and business operations where payment is made with own shares  deliver shares to Board members as Board fee in accordance with items 13a-b as well as mitigate the dilution impact from the company's incentive programs and acquisitions made by EQT.Item 21 - Amendment of the articles of associationThe Board proposes that the Meeting resolves to amend the articles of association.An updated wording of § 4 and § 5 is proposed in the articles of association. The amended § 4 and § 5 allow for Class C2 shares to be issued  conversion of class C2 shares into ordinary shares and regulates preferential rights.The resolution is conditional upon that the Meeting resolves to adopt the EQT Option Program in accordance with the proposal in item 23.Current wording Proposed wording4 § Share capital and shares The share capital shall be not less than SEK 50 000 000 and not more than SEK 200 000 000. The number of shares shall be not less than 500 000 000 and not more than 2 000 000 000. The shares shall be of ordinary shares and reclassifiable Class C shares. The ordinary shares shall carry one (1) vote each and the Class C shares shall carry one-tenth (0.1) vote each. Shares of either class may be issued up to an amount corresponding to the entire share capital. Ordinary shares and Class C shares are entitling to dividend. The Class C shares may  upon request by a shareholder and by a resolution by the board of directors  be reclassified into ordinary shares. Immediately thereafter  the board of directors shall report the reclassification to the Swedish Companies Registration Office for registration. The reclassification is effected then it has been registered and the reclassification been noted in the central securities depository register. Reduction of share capital  which in any case shall not fall below the minimum share capital  may  upon the request of an owner of Class C shares and a resolution by the company's board of directors or the shareholders' meeting  take place through redemption of Class C shares. A request from an owner of Class C shares shall be made in writing. When a resolution on reduction has been passed  the reduction amount shall be transferred to the company's reserve fund. No compensation shall be paid upon redemption of Class C shares. 4 § Share capital and shares The share capital shall be not less than SEK 50 000 000 and not more than SEK 200 000 000. The number of shares shall be not less than 500 000 000 and not more than 2 000 000 000. The shares shall be of ordinary shares and reclassifiable Class C shares as well as Class C2 shares. The ordinary shares shall carry one (1) vote each and the Class C shares as well as the Class C2 shares shall carry one-tenth (0.1) vote each. Shares of either class may be issued up to an amount corresponding to the entire share capital. Ordinary shares and Class C shares are entitling to dividend. Class C2 shares are not entitling to dividend. Upon the company's liquidation  Class C2 shares carry equivalent right to the company's assets as other shares  however not to an amount exceeding the quota value of the share. The Class C shares may  upon request by a shareholder and by a resolution by the board of directors  be reclassified into ordinary shares. All of the Class C2 shares may  by a resolution by the board of directors  be reclassified into ordinary shares. Immediately thereafter  the board of directors shall report the reclassification to the Swedish Companies Registration Office for registration. The reclassification is effected then when it has been registered and the reclassification been noted in the central securities depository register. Reduction of share capital  which in any case shall not fall below the minimum share capital  may  upon the request of an owner of Class C shares and a resolution by the company's board of directors or the shareholders' meeting  take place through redemption of Class C shares. A request from an owner of Class C shares shall be made in writing. When a resolution on reduction has been passed  the reduction amount shall be transferred to the company's reserve fund. No compensation shall be paid upon redemption of Class C shares. 5 § New shares If the company resolves to issue new ordinary shares and Class C shares  against payment other than contribution in kind  owners of ordinary shares and Class C shares shall enjoy preferential rights to subscribe for new shares of the same class pro rata to the number of shares previously held by them (primary preferential rights). Shares which are not subscribed for pursuant to the primary preferential rights shall be offered to all shareholders for subscription (subsidiary preferential rights). If the number of shares thus offered are not sufficient for the subscription on the basis of subsidiary preferential rights  the shares shall be allocated between the subscribers pro rata to the number of shares previously held and  to the extent such allocation cannot be effected  by the drawing of lots. If the company resolves to issue new shares of either solely ordinary shares or Class C shares  against payment other than contribution in kind  all shareholders  irrespective of whether their shares are ordinary shares or Class C shares  have preferential rights to subscribe for new shares pro rata to the number of shares previously held by them. Should the Company resolve on an issue of warrants or convertibles  against other payment than contribution in kind  the above stated regarding the shareholders' preferential rights should apply mutatis mutandis. The provisions above shall not entail any restrictions on the possibility for the company to adopt a resolution regarding a cash issue or set-off issue without regard to shareholders' pre-emption rights. Upon an increase in the share capital by way of a bonus issue  new shares of each class shall be issued pro rata to the number of shares of the same class which are already in existence. In relation thereto  old shares of a particular class shall entitle the holder to pre-emption rights to new shares of the same class. The aforementioned shall not entail any restrictions on the possibility for the company to issue shares of a new class through a bonus issue  following any necessary amendments to the articles of association. 5 § New shares If the company resolves to issue new ordinary shares  Class C shares and Class C2 shares  against payment other than contribution in kind  owners of ordinary shares  and Class C shares and Class C2 shares shall enjoy preferential rights to subscribe for new shares of the same class pro rata to the number of shares previously held by them (primary preferential rights). Shares which are not subscribed for pursuant to the primary preferential rights shall be offered to all shareholders for subscription (subsidiary preferential rights). If the number of shares thus offered are not sufficient for the subscription on the basis of subsidiary preferential rights  the shares shall be allocated between the subscribers' pro rata to the number of shares previously held and  to the extent such allocation cannot be effected  by the drawing of lots. If the company resolves to issue new shares of either solely ordinary shares  or Class C shares or Class C2 shares  against payment other than contribution in kind  all shareholders  irrespective of whether their shares are ordinary shares  or Class C shares or Class C2 shares  have preferential rights to subscribe for new shares pro rata to the number of shares previously held by them. Should the company resolve on an issue of warrants or convertibles  against other payment than contribution in kind  the above stated regarding the shareholders' preferential rights should apply mutatis mutandis. The provisions above shall not entail any restrictions on the possibility for the company to adopt a resolution regarding a cash issue or set-off issue without regard to shareholders' pre-emption rights. Upon an increase in the share capital by way of a bonus issue  new ordinary shares and Class C shares shall be issued pro rata to the number of shares of the same class which are already in existence. In relation thereto  old shares of a particular class shall entitle the holder to pre-emption rights to new shares of the same class. The aforementioned shall not entail any restrictions on the possibility for the company to issue shares of a new class through a bonus issue  following any necessary amendments to the articles of association.The Head of Corporate Legal of EQT AB is authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Items 22 (a)-(d) - The EQT Share ProgramThe Board proposes a share program for EQT AB Group employees (""EQT"" or the ""EQT AB Group"" and the ""EQT Share Program""  respectively). The objective of the EQT Share Program is to align employees' performance to the interest of the shareholders  based on performance metrics tailored to EQT AB's strategic goals on an annual basis. The intention is to ensure that all work towards the same goal of building out a successful EQT platform and to reward employees for long-term value creation benefiting EQT AB. In addition  the EQT Share Program will be an important tool for EQT to recruit  motivate and retain the best talent  which is vital in order for EQT AB to achieve long-term value growth for its shareholders.The items 22 (a)-(d) are proposed to be conditional upon each other. The EQT Share Program requires:i. an authorization for the Board to issue convertible class C2 shares to a participating bank  in accordance with the proposal in item 22 (b) ii. an authorization for the Board to repurchase the class C2 shares  in accordance with the proposal in item 22 (c)  andiii. that ordinary shares that EQT holds  as a result of the repurchase and reclassification of class C2 shares by virtue of the authorization in accordance with item 22 (c) (the ""Incentive Shares"")  shall be transferred to the participants in the EQT Share Program  in accordance with the proposal in item 22 (d).The EQT Share Program is also conditional upon that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023 resolves in accordance with the Board's proposal to (i) amend the articles of association in accordance with the proposal in item 21 and (ii) approve the EQT Option Program in accordance with item 23.The EQT Share Program is divided into five separate annual grants (each an ""Annual Grant"")  each subject to a duration of approximately four years  comprising of a one-year performance period and a three-year holding period.Adoption of the plan (item 22 (a))The EQT Share Program in briefA maximum of approximately 35 percent of the EQT AB Group employees may during the five Annual Grants be invited to participate in the EQT Share Program (the ""Participants""  and each a ""Participant""). The EQT Share Program comprises five Annual Grants  each with a performance period during one of the financial years 2023-2027 (each a ""Performance Year"") followed by a three-year holding period. To the extent certain Performance Targets  as further described and defined below  are met during the Performance Year  the Participants may be invited to invest a variable amount (""Share Investment Amount"") in Incentive Shares in or around March in the following financial year  and based upon the performance during  each prior Performance Year (each a ""Relevant Time of Allocation""). The Company intends to finance 100 percent (after tax) of the Share Investment Amount and the Share Investment Amount is thus the net amount invested in Incentive Shares (see below under the heading ""Investment Bonus"" and the gross amount invested in Incentive Shares is the ""Gross Share Investment Amount""). Thereafter  all Incentive Shares allotted are subject to a three-year holding period from each Relevant Time of Allocation (the ""Holding Period"").Participants in the EQT Share ProgramTo qualify for participation in the EQT Share Program  the Participant must as a general rule be an employee within Category 1 or Category 2 as of the Relevant Time of Allocation.Category 1 employees  comprising Partners and equivalents: Participants may be entitled to invest maximum EUR 250 000 per Participant in Incentive Shares at each Relevant Time of Allocation  andCategory 2 employees  comprising senior employees within EQT such as Managing Directors  Directors and equivalents: Participants may be entitled to invest maximum EUR 200 000 per Participant in Incentive Shares at each Relevant Time of Allocation.Employees who are deemed to be EQT's future leaders (""Future Leaders"") may be granted up to maximum the double amount set out in the categories above. Future Leaders may not comprise more than one percent of EQT's FTEs for each Annual Grant. The Share Investment Amount each Participant is granted depends on his or her fulfilment of the Performance Targets (as defined below).In order for EQT to recruit the best talent  it shall be possible for EQT to invite Participants (i.e. someone who is an employee within Category 1 or Category 2 as of the Relevant Time of Allocation) despite such Participant not having been employed by the EQT AB Group during the relevant Performance Year. Instead of being evaluated on the basis of his or her performance during the relevant Performance Year  such Participant's grant shall depend on EQT's expectations on the Participant with respect to the Performance Targets (as defined below).Board members are not eligible to participate in the EQT Share Program.Performance TargetsThe Share Investment Amount is dependent on the extent to which Performance Targets have been achieved. The Performance Targets are measured during each Performance Year and are based on individual performance and EQT AB Group performance. The Performance Targets are set in the beginning of each Performance Year.The ""Performance Targets"" are tied to the EQT AB Group's financial targets  EQT's general competitiveness  the individual meeting or exceeding EQT's highly set expectations on adding value to the EQT platform as well as impact on delivering on EQT's sustainability ambitions.The final assessment of the extent to which the Performance Targets have been achieved is made on a discretionary basis by the Board or the Remuneration Committee. There is no automatic right to any grant of a Share Investment Amount even if the Performance Targets  in whole or in part  could be considered to have been achieved.Grant of Share Investment Amount in the form of Incentive SharesThe Share Investment Amount is granted in the form of an invitation to invest in a number of Incentive Shares  rounded off to the nearest whole number  calculated by dividing the Share Investment Amount by the average daily volume weighted price paid per share in EQT AB at Nasdaq Stockholm during ten trading days in connection to each Relevant Time of Allocation (each the ""Relevant VWAP"") and applying the average currency exchange rate SEK/EUR during the same time period.However  the maximum total number of Incentive Shares that may be invested in by the Participants within the scope of the EQT Share Program amounts to 11 861 275 Incentive Shares.The number of Incentive Shares can be recalculated in accordance with market practice  inter alia in case of a bonus issue  new issue of shares  conversion of convertible instruments  share split or reverse share split and in certain other cases.The latest point in time when the Participants can invest in Incentive Shares is the day prior to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2028.General terms and conditions for the Incentive SharesThe Board or the Remuneration Committee will resolve upon agreements which shall be entered into with the Participants prior to the grant of  and investment in  Incentive Shares. Pursuant to such agreements  the Incentive Shares shall  as a general rule  be repurchased by EQT without consideration if  inter alia  (a) the Participant transfers or otherwise disposes of the Incentive Shares during the Holding Period (regardless of the nature of the transfer)  (b) the Participant is  during the Holding Period  determined to be a so-called bad leaver  at the discretion of the Board or the Remuneration Committee  or by any person authorized by the Board or the Remuneration Committee  (c) the Participant acts in breach of the terms and conditions set out in the agreement with the Participant  (d) it is necessary to ensure that the EQT Share Program is compliant with laws and regulations  or (e) the Participant is a Future Leader or a Participant who has not been employed by EQT during the Performance Year and terminates its employment with EQT during the Holding Period (items (a)-(e) above  jointly the ""Conditions"").The Conditions are however subject to local adjustments  including removal/amendment of the Conditions where such conditions are not permissible/possible due to applicable legislation or for regulatory reasons  including tax rules and regulations.Investment BonusThe EQT AB Group will extend the yearly individual bonus scheme that the Participants are part of as employees within the EQT AB Group to also include a bonus component linked to the Share Investment Amount to ensure that individuals can invest in all granted Incentive Shares under the EQT Share Program. Therefore  EQT AB will grant a cash bonus to the Participants to finance 100 percent (after tax) of the Share Investment Amount as part of the invitation to invest in Incentive Shares.Scope and costs calculation exampleEQT AB's cost for the EQT Share Program will be accounted for in accordance with IFRS 2 and be expensed during the Performance Year for all Participants except for Future Leaders and Participants who have not been employed by EQT during the Performance Year. For such Participants  the cost will be expensed during the Holding Period. Social security costs for the Gross Share Investment Amount will be expensed in full during the Performance Year.Based on the assumptions that 33 percent of EQT's current FTEs receive Incentive Shares under the EQT Share Program for the first Annual Grant with an average Gross Share Investment Amount of EUR 60 000 per Participant and a social security tax rate of 14 percent on average  the estimated cost for the EQT Share Program the first Annual Grant according to IFRS 2 (including social security costs) would amount to approximately MEUR 45.If the above assumptions do not change during the term of the full EQT Share Program  the estimated cost for the full EQT Share Program would amount to approximately MEUR 225.Assuming an annual FTE growth of 10 percent  an average Gross Share Investment Amount of EUR 60 000 per Participant and an average social security tax rate of 14 percent  the total estimated cost of the full EQT Share Program would amount to approximately MEUR 275.DilutionThe maximum dilution for the EQT Share Program to be adopted by the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023 is approximately one percent in total  based on total number of outstanding shares in EQT AB as of 31 December 2022. Taking into account the number of shares that may be issued under the EQT Option Program pursuant to item 23  the maximum dilution is approximately five percent in total  based on total number of outstanding shares in EQT AB as of 31 December 2022.The number of Incentive Shares can be recalculated in accordance with market practice  inter alia in case of a bonus issue  new issue of shares  conversion of convertible instruments  share split or reverse share split and in certain other cases.Motives for and preparation of the proposalEQT is a global integrated firm with multiple investment strategies and presence in many countries. EQT is a performance driven organization with clear aligned interest to drive value and returns in each investment strategy. To also ensure a collaborative approach across all investment strategies and focus on driving shareholder values  it is of importance that EQT AB also can offer an incentive program linked to shares in EQT AB.EQT AB's Remuneration Committee has prepared the EQT Share Program in consultation with external advisors and major shareholders. In addition  the EQT Share Program has been reviewed by the Board.ImplementationThe Board  the Remuneration Committee or the Compensation Committee shall be responsible for preparing the details for and implementing the EQT Share Program  including allocation to Participants. To this end  the Board  the Remuneration Committee or the Compensation Committee shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions  including financial regulatory requirements applicable to regulated entities within the EQT AB Group  resolving on cash or other settlement if deemed favorable for EQT  based on foreign tax regulations  as well as removing bad leaver provisions where such conditions are not permissible/possible due to applicable legislation or for regulatory reasons  including tax rules and regulations.Any participation requires that such participation  in the Board's  the Remuneration Committees' or the Compensation Committee's opinion is permitted and appropriate with regard to applicable laws and regulations  including regulatory reasons  and that EQT deems it feasible at reasonable administrative and financial costs  where appropriate with local adjustments. The Board  the Remuneration Committee or the Compensation Committee may also make other adjustments if significant changes in EQT or its environment would result in a situation where the adopted terms and conditions of the EQT Share Program no longer serve their purpose.At each Annual Shareholders' Meeting  EQT will report on relevant metrics for the EQT Share Program.Majority requirementsResolutions under items 22 (a)-(d) are conditional upon each other and require approval of at least nine tenths (9/10) of the shares represented and votes cast at the Annual Shareholders' Meeting.Other incentive programsInformation on the EQT Share Program adopted by the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2019 can be found in EQT's annual report for 2022  note 7  which is available on EQT's website  www.eqtgroup.com. If the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023 resolves in accordance with the Board's proposals under items 22 (a)-(d)  no further investment in Incentive Shares will be made pursuant to the terms of the previous EQT Share Program. However  participants' class C shares allocated to participants are subject to the terms of the previous EQT Share Program and will continue to be governed by those terms. As described in item 23  the Board has also proposed a new incentive program  the EQT Option Program.Authorization for the Board to resolve to issue new class C2 shares (item 22 (b))The Board proposes that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in EQT AB resolves to authorize the Board  during the period until the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2024  on one or more occasions  to increase EQT AB's share capital by issuing class C2 shares. With deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights  a participating bank shall be entitled to subscribe for the new class C2 shares at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the shares. The purpose of the proposed authorization and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights in connection with the issue of class C2 shares is to ensure delivery of ordinary shares under the EQT Share Program. A maximum of 11 861 275 C2 shares or the higher number of shares required to fulfill the company's commitment under the EQT Share Program may be issued under this authorization. The number of shares that may be issued can thus be subject to recalculation in accordance with market practice  inter alia in case of a bonus issue  new issue of shares  conversion of convertible instruments  share split or reverse share split and in certain other cases.Authorization for the Board to resolve to repurchase own class C2 shares (item 22 (c))The Board proposes that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in EQT AB resolves to authorize the Board  during the period until the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2024  on one or more occasions  to repurchase its own class C2 shares. The repurchase may only be effectuated through an offer directed to all holders of class C2 shares and shall comprise all outstanding class C2 shares. Repurchases shall be effectuated at a purchase price corresponding to the quota value. Payment for the repurchased class C2 shares shall be made in cash. The purpose of the proposed repurchase authorization is to ensure delivery of ordinary shares under the EQT Share Program and the class C2 shares will therefore be reclassified to ordinary shares after the repurchase. The number of class C2 shares that can be repurchased can be subject to recalculation in accordance with market practice  inter alia in case of a bonus issue  new issue of shares  conversion of convertible instruments  share split or reverse share split and in certain other cases.Transfer of own ordinary shares (item 22 (d))The Board proposes that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in EQT AB resolves that ordinary shares that EQT AB holds  as a result of the repurchase and reclassification of class C2 shares by virtue of the authorization in accordance with item 22 (c)  shall be transferred to the participants in the EQT Share Program in accordance with the terms of the EQT Share Program. The number of ordinary shares that can be transferred can be subject to recalculation in accordance with market practice  inter alia in case of a bonus issue  new issue of shares  conversion of convertible instruments  share split or reverse share split and in certain other cases.The Board's statement under Chapter 19 Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act is available to the shareholders for inspection together with the proposal.Items 23 (a)-(d) - The EQT Option ProgramThe Board proposes an employee stock option program for Senior Partners  Partners  Executive Committee members and equivalents in the EQT AB Group (""EQT"" or the ""EQT AB Group"" and the ""EQT Option Program""  respectively). The objective of the EQT Option Program is to align employees' performance to the interest of the shareholders  based on performance metrics tailored to EQT AB's strategic goals on an annual basis. The intention is to ensure that all work towards the same goal of building out a successful EQT platform and to reward employees for long-term value creation benefiting EQT AB. In addition  the EQT Option Program will be an important tool for EQT to recruit  motivate and retain the best talent  which is vital in order for EQT AB to achieve long-term value growth for its shareholders.The items 23 (a)-(d) are proposed to be conditional upon each other. The EQT Option Program requires:i. an authorization for the Board to issue convertible class C2 shares to a participating bank  in accordance with the proposal in item 23 (b) ii. an authorization for the Board to repurchase the class C2 shares  in accordance with the proposal in item 23 (c)  andiii. that ordinary shares that EQT holds  as a result of the repurchase and reclassification of class C2 shares by virtue of the authorization in accordance with item 23 (c)  shall be transferred to the participants in the EQT Option Program to deliver shares as a result of the participants exercising their options  in accordance with the proposal in item 23 (d).The EQT Option Program is also conditional upon that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023 resolves in accordance with the Board's proposal to amend the articles of association in accordance with the proposal in item 21.The EQT Option Program is divided into five separate annual grants (each an ""Annual Grant"")  each with a performance period during one of the financial years 2023-2027 followed by an approximate three-year holding period  before the exercise period commences. The participants in the EQT Option Program (the ""Participants"") will be granted  free of charge  stock options which entitle the Participants to acquire ordinary shares in EQT AB (""Options"").Adoption of the plan (item 23 (a))The EQT Option Program in briefA maximum of approximately 15 percent of the EQT AB Group employees may during the five Annual Grants be invited to participate in the EQT Option Program. The EQT Option Program comprises five Annual Grants  each with a performance period during one of the financial years 2023-2027 (each a ""Performance Year"") followed by an approximate three-year holding period (each a ""Holding Period"") before the exercise period commences. To the extent certain Performance Targets  as further described and defined below  are met during the Performance Year  the Participants may be granted Options with a variable value (""Option Granting Amount"") in or around March in the following financial year  and based upon the performance during  each prior Performance Year (each a ""Relevant Time of Allocation""). The Options may be exercised during a one-month period starting the day after the publication of EQT AB's financial report for the time period January - March three years after the relevant Grant Date (as defined below).Participants in the EQT Option ProgramTo qualify for participation in the EQT Option Program  the Participant must as a general rule be an employee within Category 1 or Category 2 as of the Grant Date (as defined below).Category 1 employees  comprising Senior Partners  Executive Committee members and equivalents: Participants may be granted Options with a value of up to EUR 2 000 000 per Participant at each Relevant Time of Allocation  andCategory 2 employees  comprising Partners and equivalents: Participants may be granted Options with a value of up to EUR 500 000 per Participant at each Relevant Time of Allocation.Employees who are deemed to be EQT's future leaders (""Future Leaders"") may be granted up to maximum the double amount set out in the categories above. Future Leaders may not comprise more than one percent of EQT's FTEs for each Annual Grant. The Option Granting Amount each Participant is granted depends on his or her fulfilment of the Performance Targets (as defined below).In order for EQT to recruit the best talent  it shall be possible for EQT to invite Participants (i.e. someone who is an employee within Category 1 or Category 2 as of the Relevant Time of Allocation) despite such Participant not having been employed by the EQT AB Group during the relevant Performance Year. Instead of being evaluated on the basis of his or her performance during the relevant Performance Year  such Participant's grant shall depend on EQT's expectations on the Participant with respect to the Performance Targets (as defined below).Board members are not eligible to participate in the EQT Option Program.Performance TargetsThe Option Granting Amount is dependent on the extent to which Performance Targets have been achieved. The Performance Targets are measured during each Performance Year and are based on the Participant's individual performance. The Performance Targets are set in the beginning of each Performance Year.The ""Performance Targets"" are tied to current role scope and contribution to EQT's performance through value creation and future proofing  the share price development  adding value to the wider EQT platform as well as impact on delivering on EQT's sustainability ambitions.The final assessment of the extent to which the Performance Targets have been achieved is made on a discretionary basis by the Board or the Remuneration Committee. There is no automatic right to any grant of Options even if the Performance Targets  in whole or in part  could be considered to have been achieved.Granting of OptionsThe number of Options granted are calculated by dividing the Option Granting Amount by the market value of the Options as of the time of each Relevant Time of Allocation. The market value of the Options shall be calculated in accordance with the Black & Scholes valuation model and using the average daily volume weighted price paid per share in EQT AB at Nasdaq Stockholm during ten trading days in connection to each Relevant Time of Allocation (each the ""Relevant VWAP"") and applying the average currency exchange rate SEK/EUR during the same time period.The maximum number of Options that may be converted to ordinary shares amounts to 47 445 101. The number of Options can be recalculated in accordance with market practice  inter alia in case of a bonus issue  new issue of shares  conversion of convertible instruments  share split or reverse share split and in certain other cases.The latest point in time when the Participants can be granted Options is the day prior to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2028.General terms and conditions for the OptionsThe main terms and conditions for the Options are the following.The Options shall be granted free of charge to the Participants.The Board may annually resolve upon the allocation of Options between the date of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023 and the day prior to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2028 (with each respective granting falling on a ""Grant Date""). Exercise of the Options requires  as a general rule  that (i) the Participant is not during the Holding Period determined to be a so-called bad leaver at the discretion of the Board or the Remuneration Committee  or by any person authorized by the Board or the Remuneration Committee and (ii) a Participant  who is a Future Leader or who has not been employed by EQT during the Performance Year  does not terminate his or her employment with EQT during the Holding Period.Each Option entitles the holder to acquire one ordinary share in EQT AB for a pre-determined exercise price. The exercise price shall be the Relevant VWAP. The Options are subject to a net strike mechanism. The net strike mechanism implies that the Participant will be entitled to the number of shares required to settle the gain for the Participant  i.e. to settle the market value of the ordinary share at exercise less the exercise price. If  at the time of each relevant exercise  the volume weighted average share price of the company's ordinary share ten trading days prior (the ""Share Price Upon Exercise"") exceeds four times the Relevant VWAP  the exercise price shall be increased so that the Share Price Upon Exercise corresponds to four times the exercise price  before applying the net strike mechanism.The Options may be exercised during a one-month period starting the day after the publication of EQT AB's financial report for the time period January - March three years after the relevant Grant Date. If the Options are not exercised by the Participant within the applicable one-month exercise period  then such Options shall be forfeited and cancelled in their entirety immediately following the expiration of the applicable exercise period.The number of Options shall be subject to customary re-calculation  for example in the event that changes occur in EQT AB's equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger  rights issue  share split or reverse share split  reduction of the share capital or similar events.The Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged.In the event of a public take-over offer  significant asset sale  liquidation  merger or any other such transaction affecting EQT  the exercise period for the Options may be accelerated.Scope and costs calculation exampleEQT AB's cost for the EQT Option Program will be accounted for in accordance with IFRS 2 and be expensed during the Performance Year for all Participants except for Future Leaders and Participants who have not been employed by EQT during the Performance Year. For such Participants  the cost will be expensed during the Holding Period. Social security costs will be expensed during each Holding Period.Based on the assumptions that 10 percent of EQT's current FTEs receive Options under the EQT Option Program for the first Annual Grant with an average Option Granting Amount of EUR 275 000 per Participant  the estimated cost for the first Annual Grant (excluding social security tax rates) for the EQT Option Program would amount to approximately MEUR 55. Based on the foregoing assumptions as well as assuming an initial share price of SEK 250 and an annual share price growth of 15 percent and a social security tax rate of 14 percent on average  the estimated cost for the first Annual Grant (including social security tax rates) for the EQT Option Program would amount to approximately MEUR 70.Assuming an annual FTE growth of 10 percent  an average Option Granting Amount of EUR 275 000 per Participant  the total estimated cost for the full EQT Option Program (excluding social security tax rates) would amount to approximately MEUR 335. Based on the foregoing assumptions as well as assuming an initial share price of SEK 250 and an annual share price growth of 15 percent and a social security tax rate of 14 percent on average  the estimated cost for the full EQT Option Program (including social security tax rates) would amount to approximately MEUR 425.DilutionThe maximum dilution for the EQT Option Program to be adopted by the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023 is approximately four percent in total  based on total number of outstanding shares in EQT AB as of 31 December 2022. Taking into account the number of shares that may be issued under the EQT Share Program pursuant to item 22  the maximum dilution is approximately five percent in total  based on total number of outstanding shares in EQT AB as of 31 December 2022. The number of shares that may be delivered under the EQT Option Program may be lower than the number of Options granted as a result of the mandatory net strike mechanism and that the maximum value gain per Option is capped to four times the Relevant VWAP.The number of Options can be recalculated in accordance with market practice  inter alia in case of a bonus issue  new issue of shares  conversion of convertible instruments  share split or reverse share split and in certain other cases.Motives for and preparation of the proposalEQT is a global integrated firm with multiple investment strategies and presence in many countries. EQT is a performance driven organization with clear aligned interest to drive value and returns in each investment strategy. To also ensure a collaborative approach across all investment strategies and focus on driving shareholder values  it is of importance that EQT AB also can offer an incentive program linked to shares in EQT AB.EQT AB's Remuneration Committee has prepared the EQT Option Program in consultation with external advisors and major shareholders. In addition  the EQT Option Program has been reviewed by the Board.ImplementationThe Board  the Remuneration Committee or the Compensation Committee shall be responsible for preparing the details for and implementing the EQT Option Program  including allocation to Participants. To this end  the Board  the Remuneration Committee or the Compensation Committee shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions  including financial regulatory requirements applicable to regulated entities within the EQT AB Group  making the EQT Option Program compliant with the requirements of Section 409A (including all guidance and regulations promulgated thereunder)  resolving on cash or other settlement if deemed favorable for EQT  based on foreign tax regulations  as well as removing bad leaver provisions where such conditions are not permissible/possible due to applicable legislation or for regulatory reasons  including tax rules and regulations.Any participation requires that such participation  in the Board's  the Remuneration Committees' or the Compensation Committee's opinion  is permitted and appropriate with regard to applicable laws and regulations  including regulatory reasons  and that EQT deems it feasible at reasonable administrative and financial costs  where appropriate with local adjustments. The Board  the Remuneration Committee or the Compensation Committee may also make other adjustments if significant changes in EQT or its environment would result in a situation where the adopted terms and conditions of the EQT Option Program no longer serve their purpose.At each Annual Shareholders' Meeting  EQT will report on relevant metrics for the EQT Option Program.Majority requirementsResolutions under items 23 (a)-(d) are conditional upon each other and require approval of at least nine tenths (9/10) of the shares represented and votes cast at the Annual Shareholders' Meeting.Other incentive programsInformation on the EQT Share Program adopted by the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2019 can be found in EQT's annual report for 2022  note 7  which is available on EQT's website  www.eqtgroup.com. As described in item 22  the Board has also proposed a new EQT Share Program.Delivery of shares under the EQT Option ProgramIn order to ensure the delivery of shares under the EQT Option Program  the Board proposes that the program is hedged in accordance with item 23 (b)-(d).Authorization for the Board to resolve to issue new class C2 shares (item 23 (b))The Board proposes that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in EQT AB resolves to authorize the Board  during the period until the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2024  on one or more occasions  to increase EQT AB's share capital by issuing class C2 shares. With deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights  a participating bank shall be entitled to subscribe for the new class C2 shares at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the shares. The purpose of the proposed authorization and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights in connection with the issue of class C2 shares is to ensure delivery of ordinary shares under the EQT Option Program. A maximum of 47 445 101 C2 shares or the higher number of shares required to fulfill the company's commitment under the EQT Option Program may be issued under this authorization. The number of shares that may be issued can thus be subject to recalculation in accordance with market practice  inter alia in case of a bonus issue  new issue of shares  conversion of convertible instruments  share split or reverse share split and in certain other cases.Authorization for the Board to resolve to repurchase own class C2 shares (item 23 (c))The Board proposes that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in EQT AB resolves to authorize the Board  during the period until the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2024  on one or more occasions  to repurchase its own class C2 shares. The repurchase may only be effectuated through an offer directed to all holders of class C2 shares and shall comprise all outstanding class C2 shares. Repurchases shall be effectuated at a purchase price corresponding to the quota value. Payment for the repurchased class C2 shares shall be made in cash. The purpose of the proposed repurchase authorization is to ensure delivery of ordinary shares under the EQT Option Program and the class C2 shares will therefore be reclassified to ordinary shares after the repurchase. The number of class C2 shares that can be repurchased can be subject to recalculation in accordance with market practice  inter alia in case of a bonus issue  new issue of shares  conversion of convertible instruments  share split or reverse share split and in certain other cases.Transfer of own ordinary shares (item 23 (d))The Board proposes that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in EQT AB resolves that ordinary shares that EQT AB holds  as a result of the repurchase and reclassification of class C2 shares by virtue of the authorization in accordance with item 23 (c)  shall be transferred to the participants in the EQT Option Program to deliver shares as a result of the participants' exercising their options in accordance with the terms of the EQT Option Program. The number of ordinary shares that can be transferred can be subject to recalculation in accordance with market practice  inter alia in case of a bonus issue  new issue of shares  conversion of convertible instruments  share split or reverse share split and in certain other cases.The Board's statement under Chapter 19 Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act is available to the shareholders for inspection together with the proposal.Item 24 - Reduction of share capital through cancellation of treasury class C shares and increase of share capital through bonus issueThe Board proposes that the Meeting resolves to reduce the share capital  for allocation to non-restricted equity  by cancelling the 7 068 423 class C shares held by EQT  through which the share capital decreases by SEK 706 842.30. The purpose of the reduction is to cancel treasury class C shares.To restore the share capital following the decrease in the share capital  the Board proposes that the Meeting at the same time resolves to increase the share capital by SEK 706 842.30 through a bonus issue without issuing new shares  whereby the amount is to be transferred from non-restricted equity.Statement pursuant to Chapter 20 Section 13 of the Swedish Companies Act:The effect of the Board's proposal to decrease the share capital is that the share capital and restricted equity decrease by SEK 706 842.30. The effect of the Board's proposal to increase the share capital through a bonus issue is that the share capital and restricted equity increase by SEK 706 842.30. Therefore  and overall  there is no decrease in the share capital or restricted equity.The resolution is conditional upon that the Meeting resolves to adopt the EQT Share Program in accordance with the proposal in item 22.The nomination committee's proposalsThe nomination committee  consisting of Jacob Wallenberg (appointed by Investor AB and Chairperson of the nomination committee)  Harry Klagsbrun (appointed by Bark Partners AB)  Shireesh Vasupalli (appointed by Jean Eric Salata)  Magnus Billing (appointed by Alecta) and Conni Jonsson (Chairperson of the Board)  jointly representing approximately 38 percent of the voting rights for all the shares in EQT as of 22 November 2022  proposes the following:Item 2 - The chairperson of the MeetingAttorney Charlotte Levin or  in case she is prevented  the person assigned by the nomination committee instead.Item 12a - The number of Board members who shall be appointed by the MeetingSeven Board members without deputy Board members.Item 12b - The number of auditors and deputy auditors who shall be appointed by the MeetingOne registered auditing company as auditor and no deputy auditors.Item 13a - Fees to the BoardA total compensation to the Board of EUR 1 343 640 (EUR 1 330 000)  to be allocated as follows:EUR 1 103 640 (EUR 1 214 000)  whereof EUR 295 800 (EUR 290 000) to the Chairperson and EUR 134 640 (EUR 132 000) to each of the other Board members who are not employed by the company  andEUR 240 000 (EUR 260 000) as compensation for work in the Board committees  to be allocated as follows:The aforementioned compensation to the Board shall  provided that the majority requirement under item 13b is met  be paid in shares in the end of the mandate period. The number of shares to be transferred shall equal the total compensation each Board member is entitled to receive  less applicable Swedish taxes that would have been withheld if the Board compensation would have been paid in cash  divided by the share price.In the event the compensation does not correspond to the value of a full share  any remaining compensation shall lapse.Should the majority requirement for item 13b below not be met or to the extent  for whatever reason  the compensation cannot be paid in shares  the compensation is to be paid in cash.Item 13b - Transfer of own shares to Board membersThe nomination committee proposes that the Meeting resolves that ordinary shares that EQT AB holds shall be transferred to Board members to set off the claim the Board members have on Board compensation pursuant to item 13a. The number of ordinary shares that may be transferred may amount to not more than 125 000. The shares shall be transferred to the Board members the trading day before the next Annual Shareholders' Meeting. The price for the shares shall be the volume weighted average share price of EQT AB's share on Nasdaq Stockholm ten trading days before the day of the transfer and using the average exchange rate during the same time period.Item 13c - Fees to the auditorsAuditors' fees are proposed to be paid upon approval of their invoice.Item 14 - The Board members and Chairperson of the BoardThe following persons are proposed for re-election as Board members for the period until the end of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2024: Conni Jonsson  Margo Cook  Brooks Entwistle  Johan Forssell  Diony Lebot  Gordon Orr and Marcus Wallenberg. Conni Jonsson is proposed to be re-elected as Chairperson of the Board.Item 15 - The auditors and deputy auditorsThe registered auditing company KPMG AB is proposed to be re-elected as auditor for the period until the end of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2024. KPMG AB has informed that  subject to the approval of the proposal from the nomination committee regarding auditor  authorized public accountant Håkan Olsson Reising will continue to be the auditor in charge for the audit. The nomination committee's proposal is consistent with the audit committee's recommendation.Item 16 - Principles for appointment of the nomination committeeThe nomination committee proposes that the Meeting resolves on changes to the principles for appointment of the nomination committee.Principles for appointment of a nomination committee in EQT AB (the ""Company"").The nomination committee shall comprise one member appointed by each of the four largest shareholders  based on ownership in the Company on the last banking day of August the year before the annual shareholders' meeting  and the Chairperson of the Board. If any shareholder renounces its right to appoint a member to the nomination committee  such right shall transfer to the shareholder who is the next largest shareholder in the Company. If none of the four largest shareholders is (a) a Member in EQT Foundation's Member Committee (""EQT Member"") or (b) EQT Foundation  the fourth largest shareholder's right shall instead vest in EQT Foundation. Thus  an EQT Member or EQT Foundation shall always be allowed to appoint a member of the nomination committee. If EQT Foundation renounces such right  the right shall transfer to the fourth largest shareholder pursuant to section 1. The member appointed by the largest shareholder shall be appointed Chairperson of the nomination committee  unless the nomination committee unanimously appoints someone else. The Chairperson of the nomination committee shall not be a Board member of the Company. If a shareholder (pursuant to section 1 or section 2) that has appointed a member to the nomination committee is no longer one of the shareholders who is given such right  at any point in time up to three months before the annual shareholders' meeting:the member appointed by such shareholder shall resign; andthe shareholder who is the next largest shareholder in the Company (that has not appointed a member) or EQT Foundation (pursuant to section 2) shall have the right to appoint one member to the nomination committee.Unless specific reasons suggest otherwise  the existing composition of the nomination committee shall  however  remain unchanged if such change in the ownership in the Company is only marginal or occurs during the three-month period prior to the annual shareholders' meeting. If a shareholder/EQT Foundation otherwise should have the right to appoint a member due to a material change in the ownership of the Company at any time during the three-months period prior to the annual shareholders' meeting  such shareholder/EQT Foundation shall  in any event  have the right to take part in the work of the nomination committee and participate in its meetings.If a member resigns from the nomination committee before his or her work is completed  the shareholder (pursuant to section 1 or section 2) who has appointed such member shall appoint a new member  unless section 4 is applicable. A shareholder (pursuant to section 1 or section 2) who has appointed a member to the nomination committee shall have the right to dismiss such member and appoint a new member. Changes to the composition of the nomination committee shall be disclosed publicly as soon as possible. The nomination committee's appointment ends when the next nomination committee has been appointed. If needed  the Company shall reimburse reasonable costs which the nomination committee deems necessary in order for the nomination committee to fulfill its assignment. These instructions shall apply until further notice.Majority rulesThe Board's proposals under items 19  20  21  22 (b)-(c)  23 (b)-(c) and 24 on the agenda are subject to the approval at the Meeting with at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the Meeting. The Board's and the nomination committee's proposals  respectively  under items 13b  22 (d) and 23 (d) on the agenda are subject to the approval at the Meeting with at least nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the Meeting.Further informationInformation about all persons proposed as Board members and the nomination committee's motivated statement regarding the proposal for the Board can be found on EQT's website: www.eqtgroup.com/AGM.The annual report  the remuneration report and other documents are available at EQT's head office at Regeringsgatan 25 in Stockholm  Sweden and on EQT's website: www.eqtgroup.com/AGM. These documents  together with information regarding the persons proposed as Board members  information about the proposed auditor and the nomination committee's motivated statement are presented by being available on EQT's website and at EQT's head office in accordance with the above. They will also be sent free of charge to the shareholders who so request and state their postal address. The shareholders' register for the Meeting is made available at EQT's head office.Proxy forms for shareholders who wish to vote in advance  online or in person or by proxy are available on EQT's website: www.eqtgroup.com/AGM  and will be sent free of charge to the shareholders who so request and state their postal address.For information on how personal data is processed  see: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.EQT AB (publ)The BoardThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/87/3758181/2012180.pdf Notice to AGM https://news.cision.com/eqt/i/eqt-ab-group c3171085 EQT AB GroupCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/welcome-to-the-eqt-ab-annual-shareholders-meeting-2023-301807898.html",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.18,0.68,True,English,"[""ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", 'EQT AB', 'WELCOME', 'THE', 'other relevant supporting documents', 'latest software version', 'personal identification number', 'steady network connection', 'second banking day', 'Voting right registrations', 'corporate registration number', 'Advance voting"" section', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', ""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'online voting', 'Sergel Hub', 'Sveavägen', 'registered office', 'same manner', 'Such registration', 'light lunch', 'online participants', 'chat function', 'web browser', 'operating system', 'More information', 'technical complication', 'functional deficiencies', 'Computershare AB', 'Natural persons', 'external persons', 'telephone number', 'share register', 'EQT AB', 'Monday 22 May', 'advance vote', 'same time', 'Simultaneous translation', 'state name', 'Meeting venue', 'EQT AGM', 'Wednesday 24 May', 'mail address', '30 May', '26 May', 'April', 'notice', 'Tuesday', '14.00 CEST', 'Stockholm', '13.00 CEST', 'Conditions', 'participation', 'circumstances', 'addition', 'proxy', 'reference', 'Box', 'BankID', 'website', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'power', 'attorney', 'Story', 'notification', 'shares', 'nominee', 'procedures', 'account', 'English', 'Swedish', 'subtitles', 'Attendance', 'email', 'log', 'proposal', 'alternatives', 'rules', 'opportunity', 'objections', 'Board', 'questions', 'ambition', 'type', 'moderator', 'chairperson', 'repetitions', 'order', 'smartphone', 'tablet']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23719,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRUECALLER-AB-PUBL-127708984/news/Truecaller-Proposal-for-resolution-on-implementation-of-employee-stock-option-program-directed-is-43649282/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Truecaller : Proposal for resolution on implementation of employee stock option program  directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants to fulfil the company's commitments under the employee stock option program,(marketscreener.com)   The Board of Directors' of Truecaller AB  reg. no. 559278-2774   proposal for resolution regarding implementation of employee stock option program 2023 directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants to fulfil the Comp…,"Truecaller : Proposal for resolution on implementation of employee stock option program  directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants to fulfil the company's commitments under the employee stock option program 04/26/2023 | 12:50pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields The Board of Directors' of Truecaller AB  reg. no. 559278-2774 (the ""Company"")  proposal for resolution regarding implementation of employee stock option program 2023 directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants to fulfil the Company's commitments under the employee stock option program (Item 16) The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on: implementation of employee stock option program for certain senior executives  key employees and other employees in the Truecaller group - employee stock option program 2023; and hedging arrangements in respect of the employee stock option program 2023  consisting of a directed issue of warrants and approval to transfer the warrants. Objectives and reasons for the proposal Truecaller has during a number of years resolved to implement long-term incentive programs. Following an evaluation  the Board of Directors has decided to propose to the Annual General Meeting the establishment of a new incentive program for current employees based on employee stock options. The purpose of employee stock option program 2023 is to reward long term commitments of certain senior executives  key employees and other employees in the Truecaller group  to ensure that the Company's long term value increase is reflected in the remuneration for the participants of the program  to contribute to the capability to retain competent co-workers and to otherwise increase shared incentives between the group's employees and the Company's shareholders. In view of the terms proposed below  the size of the allotment and other circumstances  the Board of Directors assesses that employee stock option program 2023 is well-balanced and that it will be beneficial for the Company and its shareholders. To secure the Company's commitments under the employee stock option program 2023  the Board of Directors also proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a directed issue of warrants and to approve the transfer of warrants in accordance with item B below. Proposed resolution regarding implementation of employee stock option program 2023 (Item 16 (A)) The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement employee stock option program 2023  according to the following main principles: Employee stock option program 2023 shall include not more than 2 800 000 employee stock options. Each employee stock option shall initially entitle the holder to subscribe for one new ordinary share of series B in the Company at a subscription price corresponding to 130 percent of the volume weighted average price of the ordinary share of series B according to the official share list of Nasdaq Stockholm during the ten trading days immediately preceding the Annual General Meeting 2023  however not less than the quota value of the shares. The subscription price and the number of shares for which each employee stock option entitles the holder to subscribe may be subject to recalculation pursuant to a bonus issue  share split  new issue with preferential rights and similar measures  whereby conventional terms and conditions for recalculation shall be applied. Employee stock option program 2023 shall comprise the following categories of employees  whereby no participant is entitled a minimum allotment. Category Maximum number of employee stock options per person A. Senior executives and key employees 250 000 (maximum 50 persons) B. Other employees (maximum 350 80 000 persons) The allotment per participant will depend on position within the Truecaller group. Employees who are also board members in Truecaller AB do not have the right to participate in employee stock option program 2023. Allotted employee stock options shall be offered free of charge. Such offer shall be made within 10 banking days from the date the resolution on allotment is made. Allotment may take place during the period until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. Over- allocation may not occur. 1/3 of the employee stock options may be exercised to subscribe for new ordinary shares of series B during the period 12 June 2025 - 20 November 2025  1/3 of the employee stock options may be exercised to subscribe for new ordinary shares of series B during the period 12 June 2026 - 20 November 2026 and 1/3 of the employee stock options may be exercised to subscribe for new ordinary shares of series B during the period 12 June 2027 - 20 November 2027. The reason for the duration of 1/3 of the employee stock options being less than three years is that the Board of Directors has made the assessment that a longer duration than the proposed not sufficiently would contribute to the ability to retain key competence and increase motivation for the employees. The holder shall be entitled to exercise the employee stock options during the periods set out above  provided that the holder concerned at the time of exercise (i) is still employed by the Company or by any company within the group  (ii) has not received notice of dismissal (Sw. avsked ) or termination (Sw. uppsägning ) from his or her employment in the Company or in any company within the group for reasons other than scarcity of work (Sw. arbetsbrist ) and (iii) the Company achieves a combination of revenue growth rate(%) and adjusted EBITDA (%) of at least 35 percent annually  on average  during the two financial years preceding the respective exercise period. In the event that the performance target falls below 35 percent  the entitlement to exercise the employee stock options shall decrease linearly  and in the event that the performance target falls below 10 percent  no exercise of employee stock options can be made. Upon exercise  each employee stock option will entitle the holder to receive one warrant immediately exercisable for one ordinary share of series B against payment of the subscription price. For participation in employee stock option program 2023 it is required that such participation is legally possible  and that such participation in the Board of Directors' opinion is possible at reasonable administrative costs and with reasonable financial resources. Issued employee stock options do not constitute securities and may not be transferred  pledged or otherwise disposed of by the holder. In other respects  the Board of Directors shall establish the general terms for participation in the program. Directed issue of warrants and approval of transfer of warrants to secure the Company's commitments under employee stock option program 2023 (Item 16 (B)) To enable the Company's delivery of shares pursuant to employee stock option program 2023 the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a directed issue of warrants and to approve the transfer of warrants on the following terms: A maximum of 2 800 000 warrants shall be issued  entailing an increase in the share capital of a maximum of SEK 5 600. Right to subscribe shall  with deviation from the preferential right for existing shareholders  reside in the Company's wholly owned subsidiary True Software Scandinavia Incentive AB  reg. no. 559011-2073 (the "" Subsidiary ""). Subscription must be completed no later than three weeks after the resolution on issue of warrants. The Board of Directors shall be entitled to extend the subscription period. The warrants shall be issued free of charge. Each warrant shall entitle the holder to subscribe for one new ordinary share of series B in the Company. Each warrant shall entitle the holder to subscribe for one new ordinary share of series B in the Company at a subscription price corresponding to to 130 percent of the volume weighted average price of the ordinary share of series B according to the official share list of Nasdaq Stockholm during the ten trading days immediately preceding the Annual General Meeting 2023  however not less than the quota value of the shares. The subscription price and the number of shares for which each warrant entitles the holder to subscribe may be subject to recalculation pursuant to a bonus issue  share split  new issue with preferential rights and similar measures  whereby conventional terms and conditions for recalculation shall be applied. Subscription of ordinary shares of series B in the Company by virtue of 1/3 of the warrants may take place during the period 12 June 2025 - 20 November 2025  subscription of ordinary shares of series B in the Company by virtue of 1/3 of the warrants may take place during the period 12 June 2026 - 20 November 2026 and subscription of ordinary shares of series B in the Company by virtue of 1/3 of the warrants may take place during the period 12 June 2027 - 20 November 2027. The share premium shall be transferred to the unrestricted premium reserve. Shares issued following exercise of warrants during a certain financial year shall entitle to dividend for the first time on the record day for dividend which occurs following registration of the shares with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. The complete terms and conditions for the warrants are set out in "" Terms and conditions for warrants of series 2023:1 regarding subscription of shares in Truecaller AB "". The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential right is that the issue forms part of the implementation of employee stock option program 2023. In view of what is set forth under Objectives and reasons for the proposal above  the Board of Directors is of the opinion that it is of benefit to the Company and its shareholders that certain senior executives  key employees and other employees of the group are offered to participate in employee stock option program 2023. The Board of Directors further proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve that the Subsidiary transfers warrants to participants in employee stock option program 2023. Finally  the Board of Directors proposes that the Board of Directors  or anyone appointed by the Board of Directors  should be authorised to make such minor adjustments to the above proposal that may be necessary in connection with the registration procedures with the Swedish Companies Registration Office  and possible registration of the warrants with Euroclear. Costs and effects on important key ratios The costs of employee stock option program 2023  which are charged in the profit and loss account  are calculated in accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 2 and distributed over the duration of the employee stock option program 2023. The calculation has been made based on the following assumptions: (i) a market price of the Truecaller ordinary share of series B of SEK 28.30 based on the closing price as of 24 April 2023  (ii) no dividends are paid by Truecaller during the employee stock option program 2023 and (iii) an employee turnover of 5 percent per year. In total  this can lead to maximum costs for the employee stock option program 2023 of approximately SEK 22 million  excluding social security costs. The costs for social security charges are estimated to approximately SEK 17 million assuming an annual share price increase of 45 percent during the duration of the employee stock option program 2023. The expected annual costs of the employee stock option program 2023  including annualized social security charges of approximately SEK 3 million  would have corresponded to approximately 2.7 percent of Truecaller's total annual employee costs 2022. Given the above assumptions regarding scope and costs  and that the employee stock option program 2023 was introduced in 2021 instead  it is estimated that the key ratio earnings per share for the full year 2022 had decreased from SEK 1.43 to approximately SEK 1.41. The Board of Directors deems that the positive effects on earnings that are expected to result from increased share ownership among senior executives  key employees and other employees  which may be further increased through the employee stock option program 2023  outweighs the costs related to the employee stock option program 2023. Dilution Upon full exercise of all employee stock options  2 800 000 new ordinary shares of series B can be issued  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 0.73 percent of the total number of shares and approximately 0.35 percent of the total number of votes in the Company  however  subject to any potential adjustment which may occur under the terms and conditions for the warrants. Accordingly  the program offers the employees the possibility to increase their shareholding in the Company to the corresponding figure.1 1 Excluding dilution as a result of previous incentive programs and excluding dilution as a result of Share Program 2023  which is proposed under item 17 in the notice to the Annual General Meeting 2023. Preparation of the matter The principles of employee stock option program 2023 have been prepared by the Board of Directors of the Company. The Board of Directors has thereafter decided to submit this proposal to the Annual General Meeting. Except for the officials who prepared the matter pursuant to instructions from the Board of Directors  no employee that may be included in the program has taken part in the drafting thereof. Other share related incentive programs etc. Truecaller's ongoing share-based incentive programs and variable compensation to senior executives will be described in the annual report for 2022  in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. The Board of Directors' accounts of the remuneration committee's evaluation of the principles for remuneration to senior executives which are published on Truecaller's website  describes how Truecaller applies its principles for remuneration to senior executives in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act. Authorization for the Board of Directors The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to execute the resolutions in accordance with the above and to ensure that the Subsidiary's Board of Directors carries out the transfer of the warrants in accordance with the above. Majority requirements A decision according to the proposal is valid only when supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting. Stockholm in April 2023 Truecaller AB The Board of Directors Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Truecaller AB published this content on 26 April 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 26 April 2023 16:49:06 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about TRUECALLER AB (PUBL) 05:48a Truecaller : Remuneration report 2022 PU 04/26 Truecaller : Notice to AGM 2023 PU 04/26 Truecaller : Power of Attorney form for AGM 2023 PU 04/26 Truecaller : Proposal for resolution on authorization for the board of directors regarding.. PU 04/26 Truecaller : Proposal for resolution on implementation of employee stock option program  d.. PU 04/26 Truecaller : Proposal for resolution on implementation of share program and hedging arrang.. PU 04/26 Truecaller : Terms and conditions for warrants of series 2023-1 PU 04/26 Truecaller : The board's statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Compa.. PU 04/26 Truecaller : The Nomination Committee's proposals and reasoned statement PU 04/26 Truecaller : Registration link for individual shareholders PU",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.08,0.43,True,English,"['employee stock option program', 'Truecaller', 'Proposal', 'resolution', 'implementation', 'issue', 'warrants', 'approval', 'transfer', 'company', 'commitments', 'employee stock option program', 'volume weighted average price', 'long term value increase', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'person A. Senior executives', 'one new ordinary share', 'employee stock options', 'new incentive program', 'multiple email addresses', 'long-term incentive programs', 'long term commitments', 'following main principles', 'official share list', 'ten trading days', 'new ordinary shares', 'quota value', 'subscription price', 'following categories', '10 banking days', 'new issue', 'hedging arrangements', 'competent co-workers', 'shared incentives', 'other circumstances', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'preferential rights', 'similar measures', 'Such offer', 'key competence', 'series B', 'Truecaller AB', 'key employees', 'other employees', 'current employees', 'First name', 'conventional terms', 'maximum 350 80,000 persons', 'three years', 'longer duration', 'Truecaller group', 'bonus issue', 'Maximum number', 'The Board', 'board members', 'minimum allotment', 'B.', '50 persons', 'Proposal', 'resolution', 'implementation', 'warrants', 'approval', 'transfer', 'company', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'Directors', 'reg', 'Item', 'respect', 'Objectives', 'reasons', 'evaluation', 'establishment', 'purpose', 'remuneration', 'participants', 'capability', 'shareholders', 'view', 'size', 'accordance', '130 percent', 'recalculation', 'conditions', 'Category', 'position', 'charge', 'date', 'place', 'period', 'end', 'allocation', '1/3', '12 June', '20 November', 'assessment', '250,000']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23720,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TRUECALLER-AB-PUBL-127708984/news/Truecaller-Proposal-for-resolution-on-implementation-of-share-program-and-hedging-arrangements-in-43649281/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Truecaller : Proposal for resolution on implementation of share program and hedging arrangements in respect of the program,(marketscreener.com)   The Board of Directors' of Truecaller AB  reg. no. 559278-2774   proposal for resolution on the implementation of a long-term share program and hedging arrangements in respect of the program    The Board of Directors proposes that …,"Truecaller : Proposal for resolution on implementation of share program and hedging arrangements in respect of the program 04/26/2023 | 12:50pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields The Board of Directors' of Truecaller AB  reg. no. 559278-2774 (the ""Company"")  proposal for resolution on the implementation of a long-term share program and hedging arrangements in respect of the program (Item 17) The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on: implementation of a long-term share program (the "" Share Program 2023 "") for employees in the Truecaller group who do not participate in any existing incentive programs in the Truecaller group; and hedging arrangements in respect of the Share Program 2023  consisting of: an authorization for the Board of Directors to decide on a directed issue of redeemable and convertible C shares; an authorization for the Board of Directors to decide on a repurchase of C shares; and transfers of own ordinary shares of series B to Share Program 2023 participants (employees in the Truecaller group). Should the majority requirement under item 17 (B) not be reached  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting approves that the Company enters into an equity swap agreement with a third party (item 17 (C)). Implementation of Share Program 2023 (Item 17 (A)) The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on the implementation of the Share Program 2023 in accordance with the below. Objectives and reasons for the proposal Truecaller has during a number of years resolved to implement long-term incentive programs. The Board of Directors has  when evaluating previous incentive programs  concluded that it would be effective to resolve on implementing a new incentive program at the Annual General Meeting for employees in the Truecaller group who do not participate in any existing incentive programs in the Truecaller group. Consequently  the Share Program 2023 is structured to create long-term incentives for members of the senior executives and certain other employees in order to improve Truecaller's development and create long-term values. In view of the terms proposed below  the size of the allotment and other circumstances  the Board of Directors assesses that Share Program 2023 is well- balanced and that it will be beneficial for the Company and its shareholders. Description of Share Program 2023 The Share Program 2023 shall comprise not more than 500 000 ordinary shares of series B in Truecaller  corresponding to approximately 0.13 percent of the total number of issued shares and approximately 0.06 percent of the total number of votes in Truecaller. 1 The Share Program 2023 is proposed to include senior executives and key employees who do not participate in any existing incentive programs in the Truecaller group ("" Group 1 "") together 1 Excluding dilution as a result of previous incentive programs and excluding dilution as a result of employee stock option program 2023  which is proposed under item 16 in the notice to the Annual General Meeting 2023. with certain other employees who do not participate in any existing incentive programs in the Truecaller group (""Group 2"") (jointly the ""Participants""). It is proposed that the Share Program 2023 shall grant the possibility of allotment of ordinary shares of series B free of charge ("" Performance Shares "")  subject to the fulfilment of the performance target during certain measurement periods (the "" Performance Periods ""). Under the Share Program 2023  the Participants will receive a certain number of rights free of charge  which entitle the Participants to receive a certain number of ordinary shares of series B in the Company following the expiration of a vesting period of three and four years  respectively ("" Performance Share Rights ""). At the implementation of the Share Program 2023  each Performance Share Right entitles the holder to one (1) ordinary share of series B (subject to the achievement of the Share Program 2023's performance target). Allotment of 1/2 of the Performance Shares shall take place in June 2026 and allotment of 1/2 of the Performance Shares shall take place in June 2027. Any allotment of ordinary shares of series B pursuant to Performance Share Rights will be subject to the achievement of the performance target  as set out below  and will generally require that the Participant retains his or her employment until the respective allotment date (the "" Vesting Period ""). Within Group 1  allotment per Participant will depend on performance and position within the group and may not exceed 100 000 Performance Share Rights per Participant. The number of Participants in Group 1 shall not exceed 40 persons. Within Group 2  allotment per Participant will depend on performance and position within the group and may not exceed 30 000 Performance Share Rights per Participant. The number of Participants in Group 2 shall not exceed 80 persons. For full allotment  the Company must achieve a combination of revenue growth rate (%) and adjusted EBITDA (%) of at least 35 percent annually  on average during the three financial years preceding the respective allotment date. In the event that the performance target falls below 35 percent  the allotment of Performance Shares shall decrease linearly  and in the event that the performance target falls below 10 percent  no allotment of Performance Shares shall be made. Accordingly  the Performance Periods for Participants run during the financial years 2023  2024 and 2025 with respect to 1/2 of the Performance Shares and during the financial years 2024  2025 and 2026 with respect to 1/2 of the Performance Shares. The actual allotment of Performance Share Rights to Participants  within the limits set out above  is decided by the Board of Directors and may be reduced proportionally based on the respective person's performance and time of employment within the Truecaller group. The right to receive ordinary shares of series B under the Performance Share Rights is conditioned on continued employment within the Truecaller group. Should the employment with the Truecaller group terminate due to redundancy  illness  retirement pursuant to a succession plan approved by the Truecaller group (or similar)  the Participant may keep the Performance Share Rights not yet vested pro rata in relation to the time passed since the date the Performance Share Rights were allotted until the termination date  and the remainder of the rights will lapse. Should the Participant's employment with the Truecaller group terminate due to any other reason prior to the expiration of the Vesting Period  all Performance Share Rights held by the Participant will normally lapse. Performance Share Rights shall not constitute securities and may not be transferred  pledged or otherwise disposed of by the Participant. Any allotment of ordinary shares of series B pursuant at vesting of the Performance Shares Rights depends on the extent to which the performance target is met during the Performance Periods  thereby establishing what portion (if any) of the Performance Share Rights that will give the Participants right to receive ordinary shares of series B at the end of the Vesting Period. The Company will provide information to the shareholders to what extent the performance target has been achieved after the end of each Performance Period. In total  not more than one Performance Share per Performance Share Right may be allocated (disregarding any recalculation under the terms of the Share Program 2023). Provided that the performance target above has been met during the relevant Performance Period and the Participant has retained his or her employment (unless special circumstances are at hand)  allotment of 1/2 of the Performance Shares shall take place in June 2026 and allotment of 1/2 of the Performance Shares shall take place in June 2027. When determining the final vesting level of Performance Share Rights  the Board of Directors shall examine whether the vesting level is reasonable considering Truecaller's financial results and position  conditions on the stock market and other circumstances  and if not  as determined by the Board of Directors  reduce the vesting level to the lower level deemed appropriate by the Board of Directors. In order to align the Participants' and shareholders' interests  Truecaller will compensate for any dividends and other value transfers to the shareholders during the Vesting Period by increasing the number of shares to which each Performance Share Right entitles and/or by adjusting the performance target. The performance target and/or the number of ordinary shares of series B in Truecaller which each Performance Share Right entitles the Participant to receive may be recalculated as a result of e.g. bonus issues  reverse splits or splits of shares  interim dividend  new share issues  reductions of the share capital  or similar actions. The transfer of shares may be accelerated as a result of any merger  change of control or similar actions. The Board of Directors shall resolve on the detailed terms and conditions for the Share Program 2023 and  in the event of company related events  market conditions  local legislation or other rules  regulatory changes  or other events  the Board of Directors shall be entitled to make deviations from and adjustments of the terms and conditions of the Share Program 2023 or settle all or part of the Performance Shares in cash. Costs and effects on important key ratios The costs of the Share Program 2023  which are charged in the profit and loss account  are calculated in accordance with the accounting standard IFRS 2 and distributed over the Vesting Period. The calculation has been made based on the following assumptions: (i) a market price of the Truecaller ordinary share of series B of SEK 28.30 based on the closing price as of 24 April 2023  (ii) no dividends are paid by Truecaller during the Share Program 2023  (iii) an assessment of total Performance Shares earned during the Vesting Period of 90 percent and (iv) an employee turnover of 10 percent per year. In total  this can lead to maximum costs for the Share Program 2023 of approximately SEK 14 million  excluding social security costs. The costs for social security charges are estimated to approximately SEK 4 million assuming an annual share price increase of 45 percent during the Vesting Period. The expected annual costs of the Share Program 2023  including annualized social security charges of approximately SEK 1 million  would have corresponded to approximately 1.3 percent of Truecaller's total annual employee costs 2022. Given the above assumptions regarding scope and costs  and that the Share Program 2023 was introduced in 2021 instead  it is estimated that the key ratio earnings per share for the full year 2022 had decreased from SEK 1.43 to approximately SEK 1.42. The Board of Directors deems that the positive effects on earnings that are expected to result from increased share ownership among senior executives and other employees  which may be further increased through the Share Program 2023  outweighs the costs related to the Share Program 2023. Dilution Upon full allotment of Performance Shares  the number of shares under the Share Program 2023 amounts to 500 000 ordinary shares of series B in Truecaller  corresponding to a dilution effect of approximately 0.13 percent of the share capital and approximately 0.06 percent of the votes based on the number of issued shares as per the day of this proposal. Preparation of the proposal  etc. The proposal regarding Share Program 2023 has been prepared by the Board of Directors in consultation with external advisors. No employee that may be included in the program has taken part in the drafting thereof. Description of ongoing variable compensation programs Truecaller's ongoing share-based incentive programs and variable compensation to senior executives will be described in the annual report for 2022  in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. The Board of Directors' accounts of the remuneration committee's evaluation of the principles for remuneration to senior executives  which are published on Truecaller's website  describes how Truecaller applies its principles for remuneration to senior executives in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act. Hedging arrangements in respect of the Share Program 2023 (Item 17 (B)) The Board of Directors has evaluated different methods to secure the financial exposure and transfer of shares in accordance with the Share Program 2023  such as transfer of own shares and an equity swap agreement with a third party. The Board of Directors considers a directed issue of redeemable and convertible series C shares and transfer of such shares to the Participants (following conversion of the shares to ordinary shares of series B) to be the most cost-effective and flexible method for hedging the financial exposure and transfer of own shares under the Share Program 2023. The Board of Directors proposes that the main option to secure the financial exposure shall be transfer of own shares (item 17 (B))  since the cost associated with an equity swap agreement vastly exceeds the costs of transferring own shares. Should the majority requirement under item 17 (B) not be reached  the Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting approves the entering into an equity swap agreement with a third party (item 17 (C)). Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve to issue redeemable and convertible C shares (Item 17 (B) (I)) Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve to issue redeemable and convertible C shares  on one or more occasions  until the next Annual General Meeting. The issue shall be effected on the following terms. The number of C shares that may be issued may amount to no more than 500 000.The new C shares shall - with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights - be subscribed for only by an external party who has been informed in advance.pre-emptive rights - be subscribed for only by an external party who has been informed in advance. The price to be paid for each new share shall correspond to the quotient value of the share at the time of the subscription of the shares. 2The new shares will be subject to restrictions as set forth in Chapter 4  Section 6 (conversion provision) and Chapter 20  Section 31 (redemption provision) of the Swedish Companies Act (SFS 2005:551). Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve to repurchase all issued redeemable and convertible series C shares (Item 17 (B) (II)) Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve to repurchase all issued redeemable and convertible C shares in the Company on the following terms. Repurchase may be effected through a public offer directed to all owners of C shares in the Company.The authorization is valid and may be exercised on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2024.The number of C shares permitted to be repurchased shall amount to no more than 500 000.Repurchase of shares shall be made at the quotient value  applicable at the time of the subscription of shares according to item 17 (B) (I) above.Payment for shares repurchased shall be made in cash.The Board of Directors shall be authorized to establish additional terms for the repurchase.The authorization shall also be valid for repurchase of so-called interim shares  designated by Euroclear Sweden AB as a ""paid subscribed share"" (Sw. BTA ) relating to a C share. The repurchase of own shares is an integrated part of the hedging arrangements for the Share Program 2023. The reason for the proposed authorization to repurchase own shares is for the Company to be able to fulfil its obligations pursuant to the Share Program 2023 in a cost effective manner. Resolution on transfer of own ordinary shares of series B to Participants in the Share Program 2023 (Item 17 (B) (III)) 2 As per the day of this proposal  the share's quotient value is SEK 0.002. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Truecaller AB published this content on 26 April 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 26 April 2023 16:49:05 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about TRUECALLER AB (PUBL) 05:48a Truecaller : Remuneration report 2022 PU 04/26 Truecaller : Notice to AGM 2023 PU 04/26 Truecaller : Power of Attorney form for AGM 2023 PU 04/26 Truecaller : Proposal for resolution on authorization for the board of directors regarding.. PU 04/26 Truecaller : Proposal for resolution on implementation of employee stock option program  d.. PU 04/26 Truecaller : Proposal for resolution on implementation of share program and hedging arrang.. PU 04/26 Truecaller : Terms and conditions for warrants of series 2023-1 PU 04/26 Truecaller : The board's statement pursuant to Chapter 19  Section 22 of the Swedish Compa.. PU 04/26 Truecaller : The Nomination Committee's proposals and reasoned statement PU 04/26 Truecaller : Registration link for individual shareholders PU",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.48,0.21,0.31,True,English,"['hedging arrangements', 'share program', 'Truecaller', 'Proposal', 'resolution', 'implementation', 'respect', 'employee stock option program', 'multiple email addresses', 'Annual General Meeting', 'existing incentive programs', 'equity swap agreement', 'previous incentive programs', 'long-term incentive programs', 'new incentive program', 'Performance Share Right', 'one (1) ordinary share', 'convertible C shares', 'respective allotment date', 'long-term share program', 'The Share Program', 'long-term incentives', 'long-term values', 'Performance Shares', 'performance target', 'Performance Periods', 'ordinary shares', 'hedging arrangements', 'series B', 'majority requirement', 'third party', 'senior executives', 'other circumstances', 'measurement periods', 'vesting period', 'The Board', 'Truecaller AB', 'First name', 'other employees', 'key employees', 'four years', 'full allotment', 'total number', 'Truecaller group', 'rights', 'Group 1', 'Group 2', 'Proposal', 'resolution', 'implementation', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'Directors', 'reg', 'Company', 'authorization', 'issue', 'redeemable', 'repurchase', 'transfers', '2023 participants', 'item', 'accordance', 'Objectives', 'reasons', 'members', 'order', 'development', 'view', 'terms', 'size', 'shareholders', 'Description', '0.13 percent', '0.06 percent', 'votes', 'dilution', 'result', 'notice', 'possibility', 'charge', 'fulfilment', 'free', 'expiration', 'three', 'achievement', 'place', 'June', '1/2', 'employment', 'position', '40 persons', '80 persons']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23721,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/welcome-to-the-eqt-ab-annual-shareholders-meeting-2023-301807898.html,WELCOME TO THE EQT AB ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING 2023,"STOCKHOLM  April 26  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of EQT AB (publ) (""EQT"") are given notice of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting (the ""Meeting"") to be held on Tuesday 30 May 2023 at 14.00 CEST at Sergel Hub  Sveavägen 10  SE-111 57 Stockholm  Sweden. …","STOCKHOLM  April 26  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of EQT AB (publ) (""EQT"") are given notice of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting (the ""Meeting"") to be held on Tuesday 30 May 2023 at 14.00 CEST at Sergel Hub  Sveavägen 10  SE-111 57 Stockholm  Sweden. Registration starts at 13.00 CEST. The shareholders may also choose to participate and vote online or to vote in advance.EQT's registration number is 556849-4180  and its registered office is in Stockholm  Sweden.Conditions for participationShareholders may choose to participate in  and vote at  the Meeting online (i.e. electronically)  in person or in advance. Shareholders who wish to participate in the Meeting must be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB (""Euroclear"") concerning the circumstances on Monday 22 May 2023.In addition  the shareholders must give notice of their participation in the Meeting:Shareholders who choose to participate in  and vote at  the Meeting online or in person must give notice of participation no later than Wednesday 24 May 2023 . Notice of participation may be submitted by e-mail to [email protected] (with reference to ""EQT AGM 2023"")  by mail to Computershare AB  ""EQT AGM 2023""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden   or by telephone to Computershare AB +46 8 46 00 73 80. Natural persons with BankID are primarily asked to submit their notice of participation on EQT's website  www.eqtgroup.com/AGM.must give notice of participation no later than Wednesday . Notice of participation may be submitted by e-mail to (with reference to ""EQT AGM 2023"")  by mail to Computershare AB  ""EQT AGM 2023""  Box 5267  SE-102 46   or by telephone to Computershare AB +46 8 46 00 73 80. Natural persons with BankID are primarily asked to submit their notice of participation on EQT's website  www.eqtgroup.com/AGM. Those who choose to vote in advance must give notice of participation by submitting their advance vote in accordance with the instructions in the ""Advance voting"" section below so that the advance vote is received by Computershare AB no later than Wednesday 24 May 2023 .When giving notice of participation  please state name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address  telephone number and e-mail address. If you wish to be represented by proxy  this must be notified within the same time and in the same manner as stated above and a power of attorney as well as other relevant supporting documents must be attached.To be entitled to participate in the Meeting  in addition to providing notification of participation  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register as of Monday 22 May 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed no later than the second banking day after Monday 22 May 2023 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Simultaneous translation (Swedish/English and English/Swedish) will be offered at the Meeting venue. For persons attending the Meeting online  such translation will be offered via subtitles.Attendance in personIf you wish to participate in the Meeting in person  you must give notice as instructed above. Registration will commence at 13.00 CEST and light lunch will be served ahead of the Meeting.Attendance onlineIf you wish to participate in the Meeting online  you must give notice as instructed above.You will receive an email with log in instructions on or around 26 May 2023. On the day of the Meeting  you can log in from 13.00 CEST  and you must have logged in no later than 14.00 CEST. Please note that you must log in on the day of the Meeting in accordance with the above to be able to participate in and vote at the Meeting.In connection with each proposal for which online voting is conducted  you will be able to choose between the alternatives ""Yes""  ""No"" or ""Abstain"". For online participants  the following rules apply (which the participant accepts by choosing to participate online). There will be no opportunity to speak  present proposals or objections or request voting. The Board has resolved that external persons have the right to follow the Meeting as it is not possible to verify if any external persons follow the Meeting online.It will be possible to ask questions online during the Meeting through a chat function. The ambition is that all questions shall be presented and answered  but the number  as well as the type of questions  may entail that not all questions are presented and answered in the Meeting. A moderator will categorize questions asked to facilitate for the chairperson and to avoid repetitions.In order to participate and vote online  you must have a steady network connection throughout the Meeting and the web browser on your computer  smartphone or tablet shall be updated to the latest software version and operating system etc. More information can be found in the email with your log in instructions. EQT has carefully prepared to enable participation and voting online. However  it cannot be ruled out that any technical complication entails functional deficiencies. If this happens  or if the participation online otherwise did not work as intended  the Meeting will be held disregarding online votes that would otherwise have been casted. Therefore  it is important to note that if you want to be certain of being able to vote  you should vote in advance or participate in person.Advance votingYou may exercise your voting rights at the Meeting by voting in advance  so called postal voting. To vote in advance  please use the form for advance voting available on www.eqtgroup.com/AGM.Shareholders who vote in advance may follow the Meeting online by requesting this in the form for advance voting. If a shareholder chooses to vote in advance and follow the Meeting online  the shareholder will not be able to participate in a voting procedure or otherwise change its advance vote during the Meeting.If a shareholder has voted in advance and has notified its participation to attend the Meeting at the meeting venue  the vote cast in advance is still valid to the extent that the shareholder does not participate in a voting procedure at the Meeting or otherwise withdraws the advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting at the Meeting  the vote cast will replace the previously submitted advance vote with regard to the relevant item on the agenda.The completed and signed advance voting form must be received by Computershare AB (administering the forms on behalf of EQT) no later than Wednesday 24 May 2023  either by using BankID  by e-mail to [email protected] (with reference ""EQT AGM 2023"") or by mail to Computershare AB  ""EQT AGM 2023""  Box 5267  SE-102 46 Stockholm  Sweden. If the shareholder votes in advance by proxy  the power of attorney shall be enclosed to the form or submitted in accordance with the instructions in the form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a registration certificate or a relevant supporting document shall be enclosed to the form or submitted in accordance with the instructions in the form. The shareholder may not add any specific instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote will be invalid.Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.Questions and shareholders' right to receive informationThe shareholders are reminded of their right to receive information from the Board and the CEO in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act. Requests for such information may be submitted in advance by e-mail to [email protected] or by mail to EQT AB  ""AGM 2023""  Box SE-164 09 Stockholm  Sweden.Shares and votesAs per the date of this notice  EQT's share capital amounts to SEK 119 369 201.40 represented by 1 193 692 014 shares divided into 1 185 393 930 ordinary shares and 8 298 084 class C shares. Ordinary shares carry one vote while class C shares carry 1/10th vote. As per the date of this notice  EQT holds 7 068 423 own class C shares  corresponding to 706 842.30 votes  which cannot be represented in the Meeting.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the Meeting2. Election of chairperson of the Meeting3. Preparation and approval of the voting list4. Approval of the agenda5. Election of one or two persons who shall approve the minutes of the Meeting6. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened7. Presentation by the CEO8. Presentation of the annual report as well as the consolidated financial statements and the auditors' report9. Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet  as well as the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet10. Resolution regarding allocation of EQT's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheet11. Resolution regarding discharge of liability for the Board members and the CEO12. Resolution on:a. the number of Board members who shall be appointed by the Meetingb. the number of auditors and deputy auditors who shall be appointed by the Meeting13. Resolution on:a. fees to the Board membersb. transfer of own shares to Board membersc. fees to the auditors14. Election of Board members and Chairperson of the Boarda. Conni Jonsson  re-electionb. Margo Cook  re-electionc. Brooks Entwistle  re-electiond. Johan Forssell  re-electione. Diony Lebot  re-electionf. Gordon Orr  re-electiong. Marcus Wallenberg  re-electionh. Chairperson of the Board: Conni Jonsson  re-election15. Election of auditors and deputy auditors16. Resolution on principles for appointment of the nomination committee17. Presentation of the Board's remuneration report for approval18. Resolution on guidelines for remuneration to executive management19. Resolution on authorization for the Board to issue shares and warrants20. Resolution on authorization for the Board to resolve on repurchase of own shares21. Resolution on amendment of the articles of association22. Resolution on the EQT Share Program (items (a)-(d))23. Resolution on the EQT Option Program (items (a)-(d))24. Resolution on reduction of the share capital through cancellation of treasury class C shares and on increase of the share capital through a bonus issue25. Closing of the MeetingThe Board's proposalsItem 10 - Allocation of EQT's profit in accordance with the adopted balance sheetThe Board proposes a dividend to the shareholders of SEK 3.00 per share for the fiscal year 2022. The dividend is proposed to be paid out in two installments. At the first installment  SEK 1.50 with record date 1 June 2023. At the second installment  SEK 1.50 with record date 30 November 2023. Should the Meeting resolve in favor of the proposal  payment of the dividend is expected to be facilitated by Euroclear on 7 June 2023 and on 5 December 2023  respectively.Item 18 - Guidelines for remuneration to executive managementThe Board proposes that the Meeting adopts the following guidelines for remuneration to executive management (ExCom).Guidelines for executive remuneration (remuneration policy)The CEO and other members of the Executive Committee (executive management) fall within the provisions of these guidelines. To the extent a Board member conducts work for EQT  in addition to the board work  consulting fees and other compensation for such work may be paid. The guidelines are forward-looking  i.e. they are applicable to remuneration agreed  and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration separately decided or approved by the shareholders' meeting.EQT has a clear remuneration philosophy (including for variable cash) applicable across the whole group which also governs the remuneration to the Executive Committee and links compensation to EQT AB Group's business strategy  sustainability  long-term interests and long-term value growth for its shareholders.Most important is to incentivize fund performance and ensure aligned interest with our limited partners in the EQT funds  EQT AB's shareholders as well as EQT's long term approach. EQT is a performance driven organization focused on long-term value creation in line with our culture. Team performance and individual performance are important - therefore we reward both. Performance is key to our success and we award higher performance with higher compensation.To be able to achieve the business goals  EQT needs to be able to attract and retain world class talent suitable for each role. To achieve this  EQT applies market competitive total compensation.EQT compensates locally based on geography and in line with local practice and regulations  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.The principles in these guidelines enable EQT AB to offer the Executive Committee a competitive total remuneration.For more information regarding the EQT AB Group's business strategy  please see EQT AB's webpage  www.eqtgroup.com.Share-related incentive programsThe EQT Share program was implemented in the EQT AB Group. The EQT Share program was resolved by the shareholders' meeting and is therefore excluded from these guidelines. The EQT Share program included members of the Executive Committee in EQT AB. The performance criteria used to assess the outcome of the EQT Share program are distinctly linked to the EQT AB Group's business strategy  sustainability  long-term interests and value growth for its shareholders. These performance criteria comprise financial targets  inter alia  revenue growth and EBITDA  and in addition thereto the general competitiveness as well as the individual meeting or exceeding EQT AB's highly set expectations on adding value to the EQT platform. The participants will invest a variable amount (financed by EQT) in C shares after a performance year  whereupon a three-year (approximately) holding period follows. For more information regarding the EQT Share program  including the criteria which the outcome depends on  please see EQT AB's remuneration report  available on eqtgroup.com/shareholders/.The Board has proposed to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023 to adopt a new EQT Share program and an incentive program consisting of employee stock options (the ""EQT Option Program""). These incentive programs will be resolved upon by the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023 and are therefore excluded from these guidelines. The new EQT Share program will be similar to the current EQT Share program. The EQT Option Program will consist of five annual grants of employee stock options. The employee stock options will be granted free of charge to the participants. The exercise period will be approximately three years after the date of grant. Each employee stock option entitles the participant to acquire one ordinary share in EQT at a price corresponding to the price per ordinary share as of the date of grant. More information is included in the proposal presented in the notice to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023.Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration shall be on market terms and may consist of the following components: fixed remuneration  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. The shareholders' meeting may - irrespective of these guidelines - resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration.Fixed remunerationThe fixed remuneration  i.e. base salary  should be competitive and reflect responsibility and performance.Variable remunerationThe satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration  within the EQT Bonus program  shall be measured over a period of one year. The variable cash remuneration may amount to no more than 200 percent of the annual base salary.The EQT Bonus program consists of a performance assessment of the business as well as an individual performance assessment. Important business performance factors determining the size of the bonus is the success of the underlying business measured by business performance in the funds (investments and exits as well as portfolio and fund performance)  business profitability  fundraising  sustainability as well as organizational development. The individual performance is assessed versus agreed targets as well as meeting  exceeding or not meeting high set individual performance expectations for the individual in the current role.To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be evaluated/determined when the measurement period has ended. The remuneration committee shall be responsible for the evaluation so far as it concerns variable remuneration to the CEO. For variable cash remuneration to other members of the Executive Committee  the CEO shall be responsible for the evaluation. For financial objectives  the evaluation shall be based on the latest financial information made public by EQT AB.The Executive Committee partly consists of owners of EQT AB. Owners that owned above 1.5 percent of the shares of EQT AB at IPO or at relevant acquisition may not be comprised by the EQT Bonus program  i.e. variable cash remuneration  nor any of the relevant share-related incentive programs. Therefore  total remuneration for part of the Executive Committee consists of base salary  pension benefits and other benefits.PensionAll members of the Executive Committee shall be covered by defined contribution pension plans  for which pension premiums shall be based on the members' base salary and paid by the company during the period of employment. For current members of the Executive Committee pension contributions shall be based on base salary and follow contribution levels in accordance with local market practice  except for the application of a cap. For Sweden  this means that it shall be comparable to the old BTP-plan with a contribution cap for base salary exceeding 40 Income base amounts. The pension premiums shall amount to no more than 25 percent of the annual base salary.Other benefitsOther benefits  such as insurances (health  life  travel)  sports contributions or occupational health services  should be payable to the extent this is considered to be in line with market conditions in the market concerned. Premiums and other costs relating to such benefits may amount to no more than 25 percent of the annual base salary.Recommendation to invest in EQT AB sharesThe Board recommends each Executive Committee member (who do not already have such holding) to acquire  over a three-year period  EQT AB shares or similar instruments corresponding to at least one year's base salary  before taxes and excluding other remuneration.Termination of employment and terms for severance pay for the CEOA twelve month notice period will apply if notice is given by the CEO or EQT AB. The CEO's employment terms include a non-competition clause. If used  this would entitle the employee to an additional compensation corresponding to a maximum of twelve months' salary  however  reduced by any remuneration paid by a new employer.Termination of employment and terms for severance pay for senior executivesIn the event of notice being given by the EQT AB Group  a notice period of nine months applies  while in the event of notice being given by the senior executive a period of notice of six months applies. The senior executives' employment terms also include a non-competition clause. If used  this entitles the employee to an additional compensation corresponding to a maximum of nine months' salary  however  reduced by any remuneration paid by a new employer. Base salary during the notice period and severance pay may not together exceed an amount corresponding to the base salary for eighteen months. When termination is made by the executive  the notice period may not exceed six months  without any right to severance pay.Salary and employment conditions for employees taken into account during preparations of these guidelinesIn the preparation of the Board's proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of the EQT AB Group have been taken into account by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the remuneration committee's and the Board's basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board has established a remuneration committee. The committee's tasks include preparing the Board's decision to propose guidelines for executive remuneration. The Board shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the shareholders' meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the shareholders' meeting. The remuneration committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the Executive Committee  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in the EQT AB Group. The current members of the remuneration committee are independent of EQT AB and its Executive Committee. The CEO and other members of the Executive Committee do not participate in the Board's processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Deviation from the guidelinesThe Board may temporarily resolve to deviate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there may be special cause for the deviation and a deviation should be necessary to serve the EQT AB Group's business strategy  sustainability  long-term interests and long-term value growth for its shareholders  or to ensure the EQT AB Group's financial viability. As set out above  the remuneration committee's tasks include preparing the Board's resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to deviate from the guidelines.Description of material changes to the guidelines and how the views of shareholders' have been taken into considerationCompared to the guidelines previously adopted  the Board has included a recommendation to Executive Committee members to acquire shares or similar instruments in EQT. The recommendation has been made to further align the interests of the Executive Committee members with the shareholders' interests.Item 19 - Authorization for the Board to issue shares and warrantsThe Board proposes that the Meeting resolves to authorize the Board to  during the period until the next Annual Shareholders' Meeting  on one or more occasions  resolve upon issuances of new shares and/or warrants to be paid in cash  by way of set-off and/or in kind. Shares and/or warrants may be issued without preferential rights for the shareholders of EQT AB. The number of shares and/or warrants issued may not correspond to a dilution of more than 10 percent of the total number of shares as of the first exercise of the proposed authorization  after full exercise of the hereby proposed authorization.The purpose of the authorization is to provide flexibility for acquisitions of companies  businesses or parts thereof  as well as to increase financial flexibility for EQT and broaden the shareholder base. Any issue of new shares resolved upon pursuant to this authorization shall be made at market terms and conditions  taking into account the transaction as a whole. Warrants may be issued free of charge.The Head of Corporate Legal of EQT AB is authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Item 20 - Authorization for the Board to resolve on repurchase of own sharesThe Board proposes that the Meeting resolves to authorize the Board to decide on purchases of the company's own ordinary shares as follows:The Board is authorized to make purchases of the company's ordinary shares on as many occasions as it deems appropriate during the period up to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2024. The number of shares purchased must at no time result in the company's holding exceeding 10 percent of all the shares in the company.The purchases are to be made on Nasdaq Stockholm or in accordance with an offer to acquire shares directed to all shareholders of the same share class or through a combination of these two alternatives. Acquisition of shares on Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made at a price per share within the price interval applicable at the time of acquisition. Acquisitions of shares by way of offers to acquire shares directed to all the company's shareholders of the same share class shall be made at an acquisition price which is no more than 15 percent above the prevailing market price and no less than SEK 0.The purposes of the authorization are to enable the Board to adjust the company's capital structure  enable acquisitions of companies and business operations where payment is made with own shares  deliver shares to Board members as Board fee in accordance with items 13a-b as well as mitigate the dilution impact from the company's incentive programs and acquisitions made by EQT.Item 21 - Amendment of the articles of associationThe Board proposes that the Meeting resolves to amend the articles of association.An updated wording of § 4 and § 5 is proposed in the articles of association. The amended § 4 and § 5 allow for Class C2 shares to be issued  conversion of class C2 shares into ordinary shares and regulates preferential rights.The resolution is conditional upon that the Meeting resolves to adopt the EQT Option Program in accordance with the proposal in item 23.Current wording Proposed wording4 § Share capital and shares The share capital shall be not less than SEK 50 000 000 and not more than SEK 200 000 000. The number of shares shall be not less than 500 000 000 and not more than 2 000 000 000. The shares shall be of ordinary shares and reclassifiable Class C shares. The ordinary shares shall carry one (1) vote each and the Class C shares shall carry one-tenth (0.1) vote each. Shares of either class may be issued up to an amount corresponding to the entire share capital. Ordinary shares and Class C shares are entitling to dividend. The Class C shares may  upon request by a shareholder and by a resolution by the board of directors  be reclassified into ordinary shares. Immediately thereafter  the board of directors shall report the reclassification to the Swedish Companies Registration Office for registration. The reclassification is effected then it has been registered and the reclassification been noted in the central securities depository register. Reduction of share capital  which in any case shall not fall below the minimum share capital  may  upon the request of an owner of Class C shares and a resolution by the company's board of directors or the shareholders' meeting  take place through redemption of Class C shares. A request from an owner of Class C shares shall be made in writing. When a resolution on reduction has been passed  the reduction amount shall be transferred to the company's reserve fund. No compensation shall be paid upon redemption of Class C shares. 4 § Share capital and shares The share capital shall be not less than SEK 50 000 000 and not more than SEK 200 000 000. The number of shares shall be not less than 500 000 000 and not more than 2 000 000 000. The shares shall be of ordinary shares and reclassifiable Class C shares as well as Class C2 shares. The ordinary shares shall carry one (1) vote each and the Class C shares as well as the Class C2 shares shall carry one-tenth (0.1) vote each. Shares of either class may be issued up to an amount corresponding to the entire share capital. Ordinary shares and Class C shares are entitling to dividend. Class C2 shares are not entitling to dividend. Upon the company's liquidation  Class C2 shares carry equivalent right to the company's assets as other shares  however not to an amount exceeding the quota value of the share. The Class C shares may  upon request by a shareholder and by a resolution by the board of directors  be reclassified into ordinary shares. All of the Class C2 shares may  by a resolution by the board of directors  be reclassified into ordinary shares. Immediately thereafter  the board of directors shall report the reclassification to the Swedish Companies Registration Office for registration. The reclassification is effected then when it has been registered and the reclassification been noted in the central securities depository register. Reduction of share capital  which in any case shall not fall below the minimum share capital  may  upon the request of an owner of Class C shares and a resolution by the company's board of directors or the shareholders' meeting  take place through redemption of Class C shares. A request from an owner of Class C shares shall be made in writing. When a resolution on reduction has been passed  the reduction amount shall be transferred to the company's reserve fund. No compensation shall be paid upon redemption of Class C shares. 5 § New shares If the company resolves to issue new ordinary shares and Class C shares  against payment other than contribution in kind  owners of ordinary shares and Class C shares shall enjoy preferential rights to subscribe for new shares of the same class pro rata to the number of shares previously held by them (primary preferential rights). Shares which are not subscribed for pursuant to the primary preferential rights shall be offered to all shareholders for subscription (subsidiary preferential rights). If the number of shares thus offered are not sufficient for the subscription on the basis of subsidiary preferential rights  the shares shall be allocated between the subscribers pro rata to the number of shares previously held and  to the extent such allocation cannot be effected  by the drawing of lots. If the company resolves to issue new shares of either solely ordinary shares or Class C shares  against payment other than contribution in kind  all shareholders  irrespective of whether their shares are ordinary shares or Class C shares  have preferential rights to subscribe for new shares pro rata to the number of shares previously held by them. Should the Company resolve on an issue of warrants or convertibles  against other payment than contribution in kind  the above stated regarding the shareholders' preferential rights should apply mutatis mutandis. The provisions above shall not entail any restrictions on the possibility for the company to adopt a resolution regarding a cash issue or set-off issue without regard to shareholders' pre-emption rights. Upon an increase in the share capital by way of a bonus issue  new shares of each class shall be issued pro rata to the number of shares of the same class which are already in existence. In relation thereto  old shares of a particular class shall entitle the holder to pre-emption rights to new shares of the same class. The aforementioned shall not entail any restrictions on the possibility for the company to issue shares of a new class through a bonus issue  following any necessary amendments to the articles of association. 5 § New shares If the company resolves to issue new ordinary shares  Class C shares and Class C2 shares  against payment other than contribution in kind  owners of ordinary shares  and Class C shares and Class C2 shares shall enjoy preferential rights to subscribe for new shares of the same class pro rata to the number of shares previously held by them (primary preferential rights). Shares which are not subscribed for pursuant to the primary preferential rights shall be offered to all shareholders for subscription (subsidiary preferential rights). If the number of shares thus offered are not sufficient for the subscription on the basis of subsidiary preferential rights  the shares shall be allocated between the subscribers' pro rata to the number of shares previously held and  to the extent such allocation cannot be effected  by the drawing of lots. If the company resolves to issue new shares of either solely ordinary shares  or Class C shares or Class C2 shares  against payment other than contribution in kind  all shareholders  irrespective of whether their shares are ordinary shares  or Class C shares or Class C2 shares  have preferential rights to subscribe for new shares pro rata to the number of shares previously held by them. Should the company resolve on an issue of warrants or convertibles  against other payment than contribution in kind  the above stated regarding the shareholders' preferential rights should apply mutatis mutandis. The provisions above shall not entail any restrictions on the possibility for the company to adopt a resolution regarding a cash issue or set-off issue without regard to shareholders' pre-emption rights. Upon an increase in the share capital by way of a bonus issue  new ordinary shares and Class C shares shall be issued pro rata to the number of shares of the same class which are already in existence. In relation thereto  old shares of a particular class shall entitle the holder to pre-emption rights to new shares of the same class. The aforementioned shall not entail any restrictions on the possibility for the company to issue shares of a new class through a bonus issue  following any necessary amendments to the articles of association.The Head of Corporate Legal of EQT AB is authorized to make such minor adjustments to this resolution that may be necessary in connection with the registration thereof.Items 22 (a)-(d) - The EQT Share ProgramThe Board proposes a share program for EQT AB Group employees (""EQT"" or the ""EQT AB Group"" and the ""EQT Share Program""  respectively). The objective of the EQT Share Program is to align employees' performance to the interest of the shareholders  based on performance metrics tailored to EQT AB's strategic goals on an annual basis. The intention is to ensure that all work towards the same goal of building out a successful EQT platform and to reward employees for long-term value creation benefiting EQT AB. In addition  the EQT Share Program will be an important tool for EQT to recruit  motivate and retain the best talent  which is vital in order for EQT AB to achieve long-term value growth for its shareholders.The items 22 (a)-(d) are proposed to be conditional upon each other. The EQT Share Program requires:i. an authorization for the Board to issue convertible class C2 shares to a participating bank  in accordance with the proposal in item 22 (b) ii. an authorization for the Board to repurchase the class C2 shares  in accordance with the proposal in item 22 (c)  andiii. that ordinary shares that EQT holds  as a result of the repurchase and reclassification of class C2 shares by virtue of the authorization in accordance with item 22 (c) (the ""Incentive Shares"")  shall be transferred to the participants in the EQT Share Program  in accordance with the proposal in item 22 (d).The EQT Share Program is also conditional upon that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023 resolves in accordance with the Board's proposal to (i) amend the articles of association in accordance with the proposal in item 21 and (ii) approve the EQT Option Program in accordance with item 23.The EQT Share Program is divided into five separate annual grants (each an ""Annual Grant"")  each subject to a duration of approximately four years  comprising of a one-year performance period and a three-year holding period.Adoption of the plan (item 22 (a))The EQT Share Program in briefA maximum of approximately 35 percent of the EQT AB Group employees may during the five Annual Grants be invited to participate in the EQT Share Program (the ""Participants""  and each a ""Participant""). The EQT Share Program comprises five Annual Grants  each with a performance period during one of the financial years 2023-2027 (each a ""Performance Year"") followed by a three-year holding period. To the extent certain Performance Targets  as further described and defined below  are met during the Performance Year  the Participants may be invited to invest a variable amount (""Share Investment Amount"") in Incentive Shares in or around March in the following financial year  and based upon the performance during  each prior Performance Year (each a ""Relevant Time of Allocation""). The Company intends to finance 100 percent (after tax) of the Share Investment Amount and the Share Investment Amount is thus the net amount invested in Incentive Shares (see below under the heading ""Investment Bonus"" and the gross amount invested in Incentive Shares is the ""Gross Share Investment Amount""). Thereafter  all Incentive Shares allotted are subject to a three-year holding period from each Relevant Time of Allocation (the ""Holding Period"").Participants in the EQT Share ProgramTo qualify for participation in the EQT Share Program  the Participant must as a general rule be an employee within Category 1 or Category 2 as of the Relevant Time of Allocation.Category 1 employees  comprising Partners and equivalents: Participants may be entitled to invest maximum EUR 250 000 per Participant in Incentive Shares at each Relevant Time of Allocation  andper Participant in Incentive Shares at each Relevant Time of Allocation  and Category 2 employees  comprising senior employees within EQT such as Managing Directors  Directors and equivalents: Participants may be entitled to invest maximum EUR 200 000 per Participant in Incentive Shares at each Relevant Time of Allocation.Employees who are deemed to be EQT's future leaders (""Future Leaders"") may be granted up to maximum the double amount set out in the categories above. Future Leaders may not comprise more than one percent of EQT's FTEs for each Annual Grant. The Share Investment Amount each Participant is granted depends on his or her fulfilment of the Performance Targets (as defined below).In order for EQT to recruit the best talent  it shall be possible for EQT to invite Participants (i.e. someone who is an employee within Category 1 or Category 2 as of the Relevant Time of Allocation) despite such Participant not having been employed by the EQT AB Group during the relevant Performance Year. Instead of being evaluated on the basis of his or her performance during the relevant Performance Year  such Participant's grant shall depend on EQT's expectations on the Participant with respect to the Performance Targets (as defined below).Board members are not eligible to participate in the EQT Share Program.Performance TargetsThe Share Investment Amount is dependent on the extent to which Performance Targets have been achieved. The Performance Targets are measured during each Performance Year and are based on individual performance and EQT AB Group performance. The Performance Targets are set in the beginning of each Performance Year.The ""Performance Targets"" are tied to the EQT AB Group's financial targets  EQT's general competitiveness  the individual meeting or exceeding EQT's highly set expectations on adding value to the EQT platform as well as impact on delivering on EQT's sustainability ambitions.The final assessment of the extent to which the Performance Targets have been achieved is made on a discretionary basis by the Board or the Remuneration Committee. There is no automatic right to any grant of a Share Investment Amount even if the Performance Targets  in whole or in part  could be considered to have been achieved.Grant of Share Investment Amount in the form of Incentive SharesThe Share Investment Amount is granted in the form of an invitation to invest in a number of Incentive Shares  rounded off to the nearest whole number  calculated by dividing the Share Investment Amount by the average daily volume weighted price paid per share in EQT AB at Nasdaq Stockholm during ten trading days in connection to each Relevant Time of Allocation (each the ""Relevant VWAP"") and applying the average currency exchange rate SEK/EUR during the same time period.However  the maximum total number of Incentive Shares that may be invested in by the Participants within the scope of the EQT Share Program amounts to 11 861 275 Incentive Shares.The number of Incentive Shares can be recalculated in accordance with market practice  inter alia in case of a bonus issue  new issue of shares  conversion of convertible instruments  share split or reverse share split and in certain other cases.The latest point in time when the Participants can invest in Incentive Shares is the day prior to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2028.General terms and conditions for the Incentive SharesThe Board or the Remuneration Committee will resolve upon agreements which shall be entered into with the Participants prior to the grant of  and investment in  Incentive Shares. Pursuant to such agreements  the Incentive Shares shall  as a general rule  be repurchased by EQT without consideration if  inter alia  (a) the Participant transfers or otherwise disposes of the Incentive Shares during the Holding Period (regardless of the nature of the transfer)  (b) the Participant is  during the Holding Period  determined to be a so-called bad leaver  at the discretion of the Board or the Remuneration Committee  or by any person authorized by the Board or the Remuneration Committee  (c) the Participant acts in breach of the terms and conditions set out in the agreement with the Participant  (d) it is necessary to ensure that the EQT Share Program is compliant with laws and regulations  or (e) the Participant is a Future Leader or a Participant who has not been employed by EQT during the Performance Year and terminates its employment with EQT during the Holding Period (items (a)-(e) above  jointly the ""Conditions"").The Conditions are however subject to local adjustments  including removal/amendment of the Conditions where such conditions are not permissible/possible due to applicable legislation or for regulatory reasons  including tax rules and regulations.Investment BonusThe EQT AB Group will extend the yearly individual bonus scheme that the Participants are part of as employees within the EQT AB Group to also include a bonus component linked to the Share Investment Amount to ensure that individuals can invest in all granted Incentive Shares under the EQT Share Program. Therefore  EQT AB will grant a cash bonus to the Participants to finance 100 percent (after tax) of the Share Investment Amount as part of the invitation to invest in Incentive Shares.Scope and costs calculation exampleEQT AB's cost for the EQT Share Program will be accounted for in accordance with IFRS 2 and be expensed during the Performance Year for all Participants except for Future Leaders and Participants who have not been employed by EQT during the Performance Year. For such Participants  the cost will be expensed during the Holding Period. Social security costs for the Gross Share Investment Amount will be expensed in full during the Performance Year.Based on the assumptions that 33 percent of EQT's current FTEs receive Incentive Shares under the EQT Share Program for the first Annual Grant with an average Gross Share Investment Amount of EUR 60 000 per Participant and a social security tax rate of 14 percent on average  the estimated cost for the EQT Share Program the first Annual Grant according to IFRS 2 (including social security costs) would amount to approximately MEUR 45.If the above assumptions do not change during the term of the full EQT Share Program  the estimated cost for the full EQT Share Program would amount to approximately MEUR 225.Assuming an annual FTE growth of 10 percent  an average Gross Share Investment Amount of EUR 60 000 per Participant and an average social security tax rate of 14 percent  the total estimated cost of the full EQT Share Program would amount to approximately MEUR 275.DilutionThe maximum dilution for the EQT Share Program to be adopted by the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023 is approximately one percent in total  based on total number of outstanding shares in EQT AB as of 31 December 2022. Taking into account the number of shares that may be issued under the EQT Option Program pursuant to item 23  the maximum dilution is approximately five percent in total  based on total number of outstanding shares in EQT AB as of 31 December 2022.The number of Incentive Shares can be recalculated in accordance with market practice  inter alia in case of a bonus issue  new issue of shares  conversion of convertible instruments  share split or reverse share split and in certain other cases.Motives for and preparation of the proposalEQT is a global integrated firm with multiple investment strategies and presence in many countries. EQT is a performance driven organization with clear aligned interest to drive value and returns in each investment strategy. To also ensure a collaborative approach across all investment strategies and focus on driving shareholder values  it is of importance that EQT AB also can offer an incentive program linked to shares in EQT AB.EQT AB's Remuneration Committee has prepared the EQT Share Program in consultation with external advisors and major shareholders. In addition  the EQT Share Program has been reviewed by the Board.ImplementationThe Board  the Remuneration Committee or the Compensation Committee shall be responsible for preparing the details for and implementing the EQT Share Program  including allocation to Participants. To this end  the Board  the Remuneration Committee or the Compensation Committee shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions  including financial regulatory requirements applicable to regulated entities within the EQT AB Group  resolving on cash or other settlement if deemed favorable for EQT  based on foreign tax regulations  as well as removing bad leaver provisions where such conditions are not permissible/possible due to applicable legislation or for regulatory reasons  including tax rules and regulations.Any participation requires that such participation  in the Board's  the Remuneration Committees' or the Compensation Committee's opinion is permitted and appropriate with regard to applicable laws and regulations  including regulatory reasons  and that EQT deems it feasible at reasonable administrative and financial costs  where appropriate with local adjustments. The Board  the Remuneration Committee or the Compensation Committee may also make other adjustments if significant changes in EQT or its environment would result in a situation where the adopted terms and conditions of the EQT Share Program no longer serve their purpose.At each Annual Shareholders' Meeting  EQT will report on relevant metrics for the EQT Share Program.Majority requirementsResolutions under items 22 (a)-(d) are conditional upon each other and require approval of at least nine tenths (9/10) of the shares represented and votes cast at the Annual Shareholders' Meeting.Other incentive programsInformation on the EQT Share Program adopted by the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2019 can be found in EQT's annual report for 2022  note 7  which is available on EQT's website  www.eqtgroup.com. If the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023 resolves in accordance with the Board's proposals under items 22 (a)-(d)  no further investment in Incentive Shares will be made pursuant to the terms of the previous EQT Share Program. However  participants' class C shares allocated to participants are subject to the terms of the previous EQT Share Program and will continue to be governed by those terms. As described in item 23  the Board has also proposed a new incentive program  the EQT Option Program.Authorization for the Board to resolve to issue new class C2 shares (item 22 (b))The Board proposes that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in EQT AB resolves to authorize the Board  during the period until the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2024  on one or more occasions  to increase EQT AB's share capital by issuing class C2 shares. With deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights  a participating bank shall be entitled to subscribe for the new class C2 shares at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the shares. The purpose of the proposed authorization and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights in connection with the issue of class C2 shares is to ensure delivery of ordinary shares under the EQT Share Program. A maximum of 11 861 275 C2 shares or the higher number of shares required to fulfill the company's commitment under the EQT Share Program may be issued under this authorization. The number of shares that may be issued can thus be subject to recalculation in accordance with market practice  inter alia in case of a bonus issue  new issue of shares  conversion of convertible instruments  share split or reverse share split and in certain other cases.Authorization for the Board to resolve to repurchase own class C2 shares (item 22 (c))The Board proposes that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in EQT AB resolves to authorize the Board  during the period until the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2024  on one or more occasions  to repurchase its own class C2 shares. The repurchase may only be effectuated through an offer directed to all holders of class C2 shares and shall comprise all outstanding class C2 shares. Repurchases shall be effectuated at a purchase price corresponding to the quota value. Payment for the repurchased class C2 shares shall be made in cash. The purpose of the proposed repurchase authorization is to ensure delivery of ordinary shares under the EQT Share Program and the class C2 shares will therefore be reclassified to ordinary shares after the repurchase. The number of class C2 shares that can be repurchased can be subject to recalculation in accordance with market practice  inter alia in case of a bonus issue  new issue of shares  conversion of convertible instruments  share split or reverse share split and in certain other cases.Transfer of own ordinary shares (item 22 (d))The Board proposes that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in EQT AB resolves that ordinary shares that EQT AB holds  as a result of the repurchase and reclassification of class C2 shares by virtue of the authorization in accordance with item 22 (c)  shall be transferred to the participants in the EQT Share Program in accordance with the terms of the EQT Share Program. The number of ordinary shares that can be transferred can be subject to recalculation in accordance with market practice  inter alia in case of a bonus issue  new issue of shares  conversion of convertible instruments  share split or reverse share split and in certain other cases.The Board's statement under Chapter 19 Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act is available to the shareholders for inspection together with the proposal.Items 23 (a)-(d) - The EQT Option ProgramThe Board proposes an employee stock option program for Senior Partners  Partners  Executive Committee members and equivalents in the EQT AB Group (""EQT"" or the ""EQT AB Group"" and the ""EQT Option Program""  respectively). The objective of the EQT Option Program is to align employees' performance to the interest of the shareholders  based on performance metrics tailored to EQT AB's strategic goals on an annual basis. The intention is to ensure that all work towards the same goal of building out a successful EQT platform and to reward employees for long-term value creation benefiting EQT AB. In addition  the EQT Option Program will be an important tool for EQT to recruit  motivate and retain the best talent  which is vital in order for EQT AB to achieve long-term value growth for its shareholders.The items 23 (a)-(d) are proposed to be conditional upon each other. The EQT Option Program requires:i. an authorization for the Board to issue convertible class C2 shares to a participating bank  in accordance with the proposal in item 23 (b) ii. an authorization for the Board to repurchase the class C2 shares  in accordance with the proposal in item 23 (c)  andiii. that ordinary shares that EQT holds  as a result of the repurchase and reclassification of class C2 shares by virtue of the authorization in accordance with item 23 (c)  shall be transferred to the participants in the EQT Option Program to deliver shares as a result of the participants exercising their options  in accordance with the proposal in item 23 (d).The EQT Option Program is also conditional upon that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023 resolves in accordance with the Board's proposal to amend the articles of association in accordance with the proposal in item 21.The EQT Option Program is divided into five separate annual grants (each an ""Annual Grant"")  each with a performance period during one of the financial years 2023-2027 followed by an approximate three-year holding period  before the exercise period commences. The participants in the EQT Option Program (the ""Participants"") will be granted  free of charge  stock options which entitle the Participants to acquire ordinary shares in EQT AB (""Options"").Adoption of the plan (item 23 (a))The EQT Option Program in briefA maximum of approximately 15 percent of the EQT AB Group employees may during the five Annual Grants be invited to participate in the EQT Option Program. The EQT Option Program comprises five Annual Grants  each with a performance period during one of the financial years 2023-2027 (each a ""Performance Year"") followed by an approximate three-year holding period (each a ""Holding Period"") before the exercise period commences. To the extent certain Performance Targets  as further described and defined below  are met during the Performance Year  the Participants may be granted Options with a variable value (""Option Granting Amount"") in or around March in the following financial year  and based upon the performance during  each prior Performance Year (each a ""Relevant Time of Allocation""). The Options may be exercised during a one-month period starting the day after the publication of EQT AB's financial report for the time period January - March three years after the relevant Grant Date (as defined below).Participants in the EQT Option ProgramTo qualify for participation in the EQT Option Program  the Participant must as a general rule be an employee within Category 1 or Category 2 as of the Grant Date (as defined below).Category 1 employees  comprising Senior Partners  Executive Committee members and equivalents: Participants may be granted Options with a value of up to EUR 2 000 000 per Participant at each Relevant Time of Allocation  andper Participant at each Relevant Time of Allocation  and Category 2 employees  comprising Partners and equivalents: Participants may be granted Options with a value of up to EUR 500 000 per Participant at each Relevant Time of Allocation.Employees who are deemed to be EQT's future leaders (""Future Leaders"") may be granted up to maximum the double amount set out in the categories above. Future Leaders may not comprise more than one percent of EQT's FTEs for each Annual Grant. The Option Granting Amount each Participant is granted depends on his or her fulfilment of the Performance Targets (as defined below).In order for EQT to recruit the best talent  it shall be possible for EQT to invite Participants (i.e. someone who is an employee within Category 1 or Category 2 as of the Relevant Time of Allocation) despite such Participant not having been employed by the EQT AB Group during the relevant Performance Year. Instead of being evaluated on the basis of his or her performance during the relevant Performance Year  such Participant's grant shall depend on EQT's expectations on the Participant with respect to the Performance Targets (as defined below).Board members are not eligible to participate in the EQT Option Program.Performance TargetsThe Option Granting Amount is dependent on the extent to which Performance Targets have been achieved. The Performance Targets are measured during each Performance Year and are based on the Participant's individual performance. The Performance Targets are set in the beginning of each Performance Year.The ""Performance Targets"" are tied to current role scope and contribution to EQT's performance through value creation and future proofing  the share price development  adding value to the wider EQT platform as well as impact on delivering on EQT's sustainability ambitions.The final assessment of the extent to which the Performance Targets have been achieved is made on a discretionary basis by the Board or the Remuneration Committee. There is no automatic right to any grant of Options even if the Performance Targets  in whole or in part  could be considered to have been achieved.Granting of OptionsThe number of Options granted are calculated by dividing the Option Granting Amount by the market value of the Options as of the time of each Relevant Time of Allocation. The market value of the Options shall be calculated in accordance with the Black & Scholes valuation model and using the average daily volume weighted price paid per share in EQT AB at Nasdaq Stockholm during ten trading days in connection to each Relevant Time of Allocation (each the ""Relevant VWAP"") and applying the average currency exchange rate SEK/EUR during the same time period.The maximum number of Options that may be converted to ordinary shares amounts to 47 445 101. The number of Options can be recalculated in accordance with market practice  inter alia in case of a bonus issue  new issue of shares  conversion of convertible instruments  share split or reverse share split and in certain other cases.The latest point in time when the Participants can be granted Options is the day prior to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2028.General terms and conditions for the OptionsThe main terms and conditions for the Options are the following.The Options shall be granted free of charge to the Participants.The Board may annually resolve upon the allocation of Options between the date of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023 and the day prior to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2028 (with each respective granting falling on a ""Grant Date""). Exercise of the Options requires  as a general rule  that (i) the Participant is not during the Holding Period determined to be a so-called bad leaver at the discretion of the Board or the Remuneration Committee  or by any person authorized by the Board or the Remuneration Committee and (ii) a Participant  who is a Future Leader or who has not been employed by EQT during the Performance Year  does not terminate his or her employment with EQT during the Holding Period.Each Option entitles the holder to acquire one ordinary share in EQT AB for a pre-determined exercise price. The exercise price shall be the Relevant VWAP. The Options are subject to a net strike mechanism. The net strike mechanism implies that the Participant will be entitled to the number of shares required to settle the gain for the Participant  i.e. to settle the market value of the ordinary share at exercise less the exercise price. If  at the time of each relevant exercise  the volume weighted average share price of the company's ordinary share ten trading days prior (the ""Share Price Upon Exercise"") exceeds four times the Relevant VWAP  the exercise price shall be increased so that the Share Price Upon Exercise corresponds to four times the exercise price  before applying the net strike mechanism.The Options may be exercised during a one-month period starting the day after the publication of EQT AB's financial report for the time period January - March three years after the relevant Grant Date. If the Options are not exercised by the Participant within the applicable one-month exercise period  then such Options shall be forfeited and cancelled in their entirety immediately following the expiration of the applicable exercise period.The number of Options shall be subject to customary re-calculation  for example in the event that changes occur in EQT AB's equity capital structure  such as a bonus issue  merger  rights issue  share split or reverse share split  reduction of the share capital or similar events.The Options are non-transferable and may not be pledged.In the event of a public take-over offer  significant asset sale  liquidation  merger or any other such transaction affecting EQT  the exercise period for the Options may be accelerated.Scope and costs calculation exampleEQT AB's cost for the EQT Option Program will be accounted for in accordance with IFRS 2 and be expensed during the Performance Year for all Participants except for Future Leaders and Participants who have not been employed by EQT during the Performance Year. For such Participants  the cost will be expensed during the Holding Period. Social security costs will be expensed during each Holding Period.Based on the assumptions that 10 percent of EQT's current FTEs receive Options under the EQT Option Program for the first Annual Grant with an average Option Granting Amount of EUR 275 000 per Participant  the estimated cost for the first Annual Grant (excluding social security tax rates) for the EQT Option Program would amount to approximately MEUR 55. Based on the foregoing assumptions as well as assuming an initial share price of SEK 250 and an annual share price growth of 15 percent and a social security tax rate of 14 percent on average  the estimated cost for the first Annual Grant (including social security tax rates) for the EQT Option Program would amount to approximately MEUR 70.Assuming an annual FTE growth of 10 percent  an average Option Granting Amount of EUR 275 000 per Participant  the total estimated cost for the full EQT Option Program (excluding social security tax rates) would amount to approximately MEUR 335. Based on the foregoing assumptions as well as assuming an initial share price of SEK 250 and an annual share price growth of 15 percent and a social security tax rate of 14 percent on average  the estimated cost for the full EQT Option Program (including social security tax rates) would amount to approximately MEUR 425.DilutionThe maximum dilution for the EQT Option Program to be adopted by the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2023 is approximately four percent in total  based on total number of outstanding shares in EQT AB as of 31 December 2022. Taking into account the number of shares that may be issued under the EQT Share Program pursuant to item 22  the maximum dilution is approximately five percent in total  based on total number of outstanding shares in EQT AB as of 31 December 2022. The number of shares that may be delivered under the EQT Option Program may be lower than the number of Options granted as a result of the mandatory net strike mechanism and that the maximum value gain per Option is capped to four times the Relevant VWAP.The number of Options can be recalculated in accordance with market practice  inter alia in case of a bonus issue  new issue of shares  conversion of convertible instruments  share split or reverse share split and in certain other cases.Motives for and preparation of the proposalEQT is a global integrated firm with multiple investment strategies and presence in many countries. EQT is a performance driven organization with clear aligned interest to drive value and returns in each investment strategy. To also ensure a collaborative approach across all investment strategies and focus on driving shareholder values  it is of importance that EQT AB also can offer an incentive program linked to shares in EQT AB.EQT AB's Remuneration Committee has prepared the EQT Option Program in consultation with external advisors and major shareholders. In addition  the EQT Option Program has been reviewed by the Board.ImplementationThe Board  the Remuneration Committee or the Compensation Committee shall be responsible for preparing the details for and implementing the EQT Option Program  including allocation to Participants. To this end  the Board  the Remuneration Committee or the Compensation Committee shall be entitled to make adjustments to meet foreign regulations or market conditions  including financial regulatory requirements applicable to regulated entities within the EQT AB Group  making the EQT Option Program compliant with the requirements of Section 409A (including all guidance and regulations promulgated thereunder)  resolving on cash or other settlement if deemed favorable for EQT  based on foreign tax regulations  as well as removing bad leaver provisions where such conditions are not permissible/possible due to applicable legislation or for regulatory reasons  including tax rules and regulations.Any participation requires that such participation  in the Board's  the Remuneration Committees' or the Compensation Committee's opinion  is permitted and appropriate with regard to applicable laws and regulations  including regulatory reasons  and that EQT deems it feasible at reasonable administrative and financial costs  where appropriate with local adjustments. The Board  the Remuneration Committee or the Compensation Committee may also make other adjustments if significant changes in EQT or its environment would result in a situation where the adopted terms and conditions of the EQT Option Program no longer serve their purpose.At each Annual Shareholders' Meeting  EQT will report on relevant metrics for the EQT Option Program.Majority requirementsResolutions under items 23 (a)-(d) are conditional upon each other and require approval of at least nine tenths (9/10) of the shares represented and votes cast at the Annual Shareholders' Meeting.Other incentive programsInformation on the EQT Share Program adopted by the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2019 can be found in EQT's annual report for 2022  note 7  which is available on EQT's website  www.eqtgroup.com. As described in item 22  the Board has also proposed a new EQT Share Program.Delivery of shares under the EQT Option ProgramIn order to ensure the delivery of shares under the EQT Option Program  the Board proposes that the program is hedged in accordance with item 23 (b)-(d).Authorization for the Board to resolve to issue new class C2 shares (item 23 (b))The Board proposes that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in EQT AB resolves to authorize the Board  during the period until the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2024  on one or more occasions  to increase EQT AB's share capital by issuing class C2 shares. With deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights  a participating bank shall be entitled to subscribe for the new class C2 shares at a subscription price corresponding to the quota value of the shares. The purpose of the proposed authorization and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emption rights in connection with the issue of class C2 shares is to ensure delivery of ordinary shares under the EQT Option Program. A maximum of 47 445 101 C2 shares or the higher number of shares required to fulfill the company's commitment under the EQT Option Program may be issued under this authorization. The number of shares that may be issued can thus be subject to recalculation in accordance with market practice  inter alia in case of a bonus issue  new issue of shares  conversion of convertible instruments  share split or reverse share split and in certain other cases.Authorization for the Board to resolve to repurchase own class C2 shares (item 23 (c))The Board proposes that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in EQT AB resolves to authorize the Board  during the period until the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2024  on one or more occasions  to repurchase its own class C2 shares. The repurchase may only be effectuated through an offer directed to all holders of class C2 shares and shall comprise all outstanding class C2 shares. Repurchases shall be effectuated at a purchase price corresponding to the quota value. Payment for the repurchased class C2 shares shall be made in cash. The purpose of the proposed repurchase authorization is to ensure delivery of ordinary shares under the EQT Option Program and the class C2 shares will therefore be reclassified to ordinary shares after the repurchase. The number of class C2 shares that can be repurchased can be subject to recalculation in accordance with market practice  inter alia in case of a bonus issue  new issue of shares  conversion of convertible instruments  share split or reverse share split and in certain other cases.Transfer of own ordinary shares (item 23 (d))The Board proposes that the Annual Shareholders' Meeting in EQT AB resolves that ordinary shares that EQT AB holds  as a result of the repurchase and reclassification of class C2 shares by virtue of the authorization in accordance with item 23 (c)  shall be transferred to the participants in the EQT Option Program to deliver shares as a result of the participants' exercising their options in accordance with the terms of the EQT Option Program. The number of ordinary shares that can be transferred can be subject to recalculation in accordance with market practice  inter alia in case of a bonus issue  new issue of shares  conversion of convertible instruments  share split or reverse share split and in certain other cases.The Board's statement under Chapter 19 Section 22 of the Swedish Companies Act is available to the shareholders for inspection together with the proposal.Item 24 - Reduction of share capital through cancellation of treasury class C shares and increase of share capital through bonus issueThe Board proposes that the Meeting resolves to reduce the share capital  for allocation to non-restricted equity  by cancelling the 7 068 423 class C shares held by EQT  through which the share capital decreases by SEK 706 842.30. The purpose of the reduction is to cancel treasury class C shares.To restore the share capital following the decrease in the share capital  the Board proposes that the Meeting at the same time resolves to increase the share capital by SEK 706 842.30 through a bonus issue without issuing new shares  whereby the amount is to be transferred from non-restricted equity.Statement pursuant to Chapter 20 Section 13 of the Swedish Companies Act:The effect of the Board's proposal to decrease the share capital is that the share capital and restricted equity decrease by SEK 706 842.30. The effect of the Board's proposal to increase the share capital through a bonus issue is that the share capital and restricted equity increase by SEK 706 842.30. Therefore  and overall  there is no decrease in the share capital or restricted equity.The resolution is conditional upon that the Meeting resolves to adopt the EQT Share Program in accordance with the proposal in item 22.The nomination committee's proposalsThe nomination committee  consisting of Jacob Wallenberg (appointed by Investor AB and Chairperson of the nomination committee)  Harry Klagsbrun (appointed by Bark Partners AB)  Shireesh Vasupalli (appointed by Jean Eric Salata)  Magnus Billing (appointed by Alecta) and Conni Jonsson (Chairperson of the Board)  jointly representing approximately 38 percent of the voting rights for all the shares in EQT as of 22 November 2022  proposes the following:Item 2 - The chairperson of the MeetingAttorney Charlotte Levin or  in case she is prevented  the person assigned by the nomination committee instead.Item 12a - The number of Board members who shall be appointed by the MeetingSeven Board members without deputy Board members.Item 12b - The number of auditors and deputy auditors who shall be appointed by the MeetingOne registered auditing company as auditor and no deputy auditors.Item 13a - Fees to the BoardA total compensation to the Board of EUR 1 343 640 (EUR 1 330 000)  to be allocated as follows:EUR 1 103 640 (EUR 1 214 000)   whereof EUR 295 800 (EUR 290 000) to the Chairperson and EUR 134 640 (EUR 132 000) to each of the other Board members who are not employed by the company  and  whereof to the Chairperson and to each of the other Board members who are not employed by the company  and EUR 240 000 (EUR 260 000) as compensation for work in the Board committees  to be allocated as follows:as compensation for work in the Board committees  to be allocated as follows: EUR 40 000 (EUR 40 000) to the Chairperson of the audit committee and EUR 20 000 (EUR 20 000) to each of the other two members to the Chairperson of the audit committee and to each of the other two members EUR 40 000 (EUR 40 000) to the Chairperson of the remuneration committee and EUR 20 000 (EUR 20 000) to each of the other two members  andto the Chairperson of the remuneration committee and to each of the other two members  andEUR 40 000 (EUR 40 000) to the Chairperson of the sustainability committee and EUR 20 000 (EUR 20 000) to each of the other two membersThe aforementioned compensation to the Board shall  provided that the majority requirement under item 13b is met  be paid in shares in the end of the mandate period. The number of shares to be transferred shall equal the total compensation each Board member is entitled to receive  less applicable Swedish taxes that would have been withheld if the Board compensation would have been paid in cash  divided by the share price.In the event the compensation does not correspond to the value of a full share  any remaining compensation shall lapse.Should the majority requirement for item 13b below not be met or to the extent  for whatever reason  the compensation cannot be paid in shares  the compensation is to be paid in cash.Item 13b - Transfer of own shares to Board membersThe nomination committee proposes that the Meeting resolves that ordinary shares that EQT AB holds shall be transferred to Board members to set off the claim the Board members have on Board compensation pursuant to item 13a. The number of ordinary shares that may be transferred may amount to not more than 125 000. The shares shall be transferred to the Board members the trading day before the next Annual Shareholders' Meeting. The price for the shares shall be the volume weighted average share price of EQT AB's share on Nasdaq Stockholm ten trading days before the day of the transfer and using the average exchange rate during the same time period.Item 13c - Fees to the auditorsAuditors' fees are proposed to be paid upon approval of their invoice.Item 14 - The Board members and Chairperson of the BoardThe following persons are proposed for re-election as Board members for the period until the end of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2024: Conni Jonsson  Margo Cook  Brooks Entwistle  Johan Forssell  Diony Lebot  Gordon Orr and Marcus Wallenberg. Conni Jonsson is proposed to be re-elected as Chairperson of the Board.Item 15 - The auditors and deputy auditorsThe registered auditing company KPMG AB is proposed to be re-elected as auditor for the period until the end of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2024. KPMG AB has informed that  subject to the approval of the proposal from the nomination committee regarding auditor  authorized public accountant Håkan Olsson Reising will continue to be the auditor in charge for the audit. The nomination committee's proposal is consistent with the audit committee's recommendation.Item 16 - Principles for appointment of the nomination committeeThe nomination committee proposes that the Meeting resolves on changes to the principles for appointment of the nomination committee.Principles for appointment of a nomination committee in EQT AB (the ""Company"").The nomination committee shall comprise one member appointed by each of the four largest shareholders  based on ownership in the Company on the last banking day of August the year before the annual shareholders' meeting  and the Chairperson of the Board. If any shareholder renounces its right to appoint a member to the nomination committee  such right shall transfer to the shareholder who is the next largest shareholder in the Company. If none of the four largest shareholders is (a) a Member in EQT Foundation's Member Committee (""EQT Member"") or (b) EQT Foundation  the fourth largest shareholder's right shall instead vest in EQT Foundation. Thus  an EQT Member or EQT Foundation shall always be allowed to appoint a member of the nomination committee. If EQT Foundation renounces such right  the right shall transfer to the fourth largest shareholder pursuant to section 1. The member appointed by the largest shareholder shall be appointed Chairperson of the nomination committee  unless the nomination committee unanimously appoints someone else. The Chairperson of the nomination committee shall not be a Board member of the Company. If a shareholder (pursuant to section 1 or section 2) that has appointed a member to the nomination committee is no longer one of the shareholders who is given such right  at any point in time up to three months before the annual shareholders' meeting:the member appointed by such shareholder shall resign; andthe shareholder who is the next largest shareholder in the Company (that has not appointed a member) or EQT Foundation (pursuant to section 2) shall have the right to appoint one member to the nomination committee.Unless specific reasons suggest otherwise  the existing composition of the nomination committee shall  however  remain unchanged if such change in the ownership in the Company is only marginal or occurs during the three-month period prior to the annual shareholders' meeting. If a shareholder/EQT Foundation otherwise should have the right to appoint a member due to a material change in the ownership of the Company at any time during the three-months period prior to the annual shareholders' meeting  such shareholder/EQT Foundation shall  in any event  have the right to take part in the work of the nomination committee and participate in its meetings.If a member resigns from the nomination committee before his or her work is completed  the shareholder (pursuant to section 1 or section 2) who has appointed such member shall appoint a new member  unless section 4 is applicable. A shareholder (pursuant to section 1 or section 2) who has appointed a member to the nomination committee shall have the right to dismiss such member and appoint a new member. Changes to the composition of the nomination committee shall be disclosed publicly as soon as possible. The nomination committee's appointment ends when the next nomination committee has been appointed. If needed  the Company shall reimburse reasonable costs which the nomination committee deems necessary in order for the nomination committee to fulfill its assignment. These instructions shall apply until further notice.Majority rulesThe Board's proposals under items 19  20  21  22 (b)-(c)  23 (b)-(c) and 24 on the agenda are subject to the approval at the Meeting with at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the Meeting. The Board's and the nomination committee's proposals  respectively  under items 13b  22 (d) and 23 (d) on the agenda are subject to the approval at the Meeting with at least nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the Meeting.Further informationInformation about all persons proposed as Board members and the nomination committee's motivated statement regarding the proposal for the Board can be found on EQT's website: www.eqtgroup.com/AGM.The annual report  the remuneration report and other documents are available at EQT's head office at Regeringsgatan 25 in Stockholm  Sweden and on EQT's website: www.eqtgroup.com/AGM. These documents  together with information regarding the persons proposed as Board members  information about the proposed auditor and the nomination committee's motivated statement are presented by being available on EQT's website and at EQT's head office in accordance with the above. They will also be sent free of charge to the shareholders who so request and state their postal address. The shareholders' register for the Meeting is made available at EQT's head office.Proxy forms for shareholders who wish to vote in advance  online or in person or by proxy are available on EQT's website: www.eqtgroup.com/AGM  and will be sent free of charge to the shareholders who so request and state their postal address.For information on how personal data is processed  see: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.EQT AB (publ)The BoardThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/87/3758181/2012180.pdf Notice to AGM https://news.cision.com/eqt/i/eqt-ab-group c3171085 EQT AB GroupSOURCE EQT",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.88,True,English,"[""ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", 'EQT AB', 'WELCOME', 'THE', 'other relevant supporting documents', 'personal identification number', 'steady network connection', 'second banking day', 'corporate registration number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'voting right registration', ""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Computershare AB', 'Sergel Hub', 'Sveavägen', 'registered office', 'same manner', 'Such registration', 'right registrations', 'light lunch', 'online participants', 'following rules', 'chat function', 'web browser', 'latest software', 'Natural persons', 'online voting', 'external persons', 'EQT AB', 'share register', 'Monday 22 May', 'telephone number', 'same time', 'Simultaneous translation', 'advance vote', 'state name', 'Advance voting', 'EQT AGM', 'Meeting venue', 'Wednesday 24 May', 'mail address', '30 May', '26 May', 'April', 'notice', 'Tuesday', '14.00 CEST', 'Stockholm', '13.00 CEST', 'Conditions', 'participation', 'circumstances', 'addition', 'reference', 'Box', 'BankID', 'website', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'section', 'proxy', 'power', 'attorney', 'notification', 'shares', 'nominee', 'procedures', 'account', 'English', 'Swedish', 'subtitles', 'Attendance', 'email', 'log', 'proposal', 'alternatives', 'opportunity', 'objections', 'Board', 'questions', 'ambition', 'type', 'moderator', 'chairperson', 'repetitions', 'order', 'smartphone', 'tablet']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,prnewswire.com
23722,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-simris-group-ab-publ-1682599860,NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SIMRIS GROUP AB (PUBL),"Simris Group AB (publ)  reg. no. 556841–9187 (the ""Company"") will hold an annual general meeting on 29 May 2023 at 10:30 at its production facility at Herrestadsvägen 24A  Hammenhög. Right to participate in the meeting: Shareholders who are entered in their own name in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday 19 May 2023 ",Right to participate in the meeting:Shareholders who are entered in their own name in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on Friday 19 May 2023  and who notify their intention to participate in the general meeting no later than Tuesday 23 May 2023  have the right to participate in the general meeting.Nominee registered shares:Shareholders with nominee-registered shares must temporarily have the shares re-registered in their own name as of the record date of 19 May 2023  and contact should be made with the bank/nominee well in advance. The nominee has the option to make such voting rights registration retroactive  however no later than 23 May 2023 in order for it to be taken into account when preparing the share register.Notification:Please inform the Company no later than Tuesday 23 May 2023 whether you will attend the meeting or not. Notification of attendance at the meeting can be made in writing to Simris Group AB  Herrestadsvägen 24A  276 50 Hammenhög or by e-mail to ir@simris.com.When submitting a notification of attendance please state name  personal identity number/corporate identity number  address  telephone number  number of shares and number of advisors.Shareholders who are represented by proxy should send a written and dated proxy to the Company together with the notification. The proxy may be valid for a maximum of five years from issuance. The person representing a legal person must be able to show a certificate of registration or an equivalent document of authority that indicates the authorised signatory. The proxy (original)  certificate of registration or equivalent authorisation documents  which have not been sent to the Company in connection with the notification  must be brought to the meeting. A proxy form is available on the Company's website (www.simrisgroup.com).Proposal for the agendaOpening of the meeting Election of chairman of the meeting Preparation and approval of a voting list Approval of the agenda Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened Presentation of the annual report and the auditor’s report and the consolidated financial statements and the auditor’s report for the group Resolution in respect of: adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and the consolidated balance sheet allocation of the Company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet discharge from liability of the board members and managing director Determination of the number of board members and deputy board members Determination of the number of auditors and any deputy auditors Determination of fees to the board members and the auditors Election of board members as well as auditors and any deputy auditors Resolution to amend the articles of association Resolution to authorize the board to decide on issue of shares  convertibles and/or warrants Closing of the meetingItem 2The nomination committee proposes that the lawyer Micael Karlsson shall be appointed chairman of the meeting.Item 9The nomination committee proposes that the board should consist of four (4) members without deputies.Item 10The nomination committee proposes that one (1) registered public accounting firm be appointed.Item 11The nomination committee proposes that board fees continue to be paid at SEK 140 000 to the chairman and SEK 70 000 to each board member elected by the general meeting who is not employed by the Company. For any additional work efforts in addition to ordinary board work  board members shall be able to receive consulting fees in line with market practice.The nomination committee proposes that the auditor should receive compensation in accordance with an approved invoice.Item 12The nomination committee proposes re-election of Magnus Högström  Steven Schapera  Frank Puccio and Robert Quandt as members of the board.The nomination committee further proposes re-election of the registered public accounting firm Ernst & Young AB as auditor  which has announced that if elected  it will appoint Peter Gunnarsson as principal auditor.Item 13The board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to increase the Company's permitted minimum share capital from SEK 6 545 000 to SEK 15 000 000 and to increase the maximum permitted share capital from SEK 26 180 000 to SEK 60 000 000 by amending provision § 4 of the articles of association.The board of directors also proposes that the general meeting resolves to increase the Company's permitted minimum number of shares in the Company to 180 000 000 shares from 72 250 000 shares and the maximum number of shares to 720 000 000 shares from 301 000 000 shares by amending provision § 5 of the articles of association.The board of directors also proposes that the general meeting resolves to introduce a new provision § 16 whereby the board of directors may collect proxies according to the procedure set out in Chapter 7. Section 4  second paragraph  of the Swedish Companies Act. And that the board of directors may  prior to a general meeting  decide that shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights by post before the general meeting.Finally  the board of directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to amend the articles of association to be bilingual and thus be written both in Swedish and in English.The Company's articles of association shall  after the proposed amendment  have the wording shown in Appendix A.For a valid decision  it is required that the decision be supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting.Item 14The board proposes that the general meeting authorizes the board of directors to  on one or more occasions  during the period until the next annual general meeting  decide to increase the Company's share capital. The increase in the share capital may take place through a new issue of series A or series B shares and/or convertibles and/or warrants that entitle the conversion or new subscription of series A or B shares. The board of directors shall be able to decide on such an issue with a deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights and/or with provision for cash payment or payment by cash or set-off. Issuance in accordance with this authorization must take place at the market subscription price. The board of directors shall have the right to determine the conditions in general for the issue in accordance with this authorization and who shall have the right to subscribe for new shares  convertibles and/or warrants.The reason why the board of directors should be able to decide on an issue with a deviation from shareholders' preferential rights or otherwise with conditions as above is that conditions in the outside world and on the capital market can change very quickly. Prompt action may be important to protect the interests of the Company and the owners. The Company needs to be able to acquire capital for the Company in order to secure operations for the following business year  market investments and investments in development and production capacity. The board assesses that any targeted issues can also have favorable effects on the Company's ownership structure and development ability.For a valid decision  it is required that the decision be supported by shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the general meeting.Information at the meetingThe shareholders are informed of their right to request information at the annual general meeting regarding conditions that may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda and conditions that may affect the assessment of the Company's financial situation.Documents availableThe annual report and the auditor's report  the board's complete resolution proposals  the nomination committee's complete resolution proposal as well as other documents will be made available to shareholders at the Company's premises in Hammenhög and on its website  www.simrisgroup.com/investerare  no later than three weeks before the meeting. The documents will be sent by post to shareholders who request it and state their address. The documents will also be available at the meeting.The number of shares and votes in the CompanyThe total number of shares and votes in the Company on the day of this notice amounts to 180 302 520. The Company does not hold any own shares.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  please refer to the privacy policy available on Euroclear's website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Integritypolicy-bolagsstammor-svenska.pdf._____________Hammenhög April 2023Simris Group ABThe Board,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.55,0.43,0.02,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'SIMRIS GROUP AB', 'NOTICE', 'THE', 'PUBL', 'one (1) registered public accounting firm', 'Magnus Högström', 'consolidated balance sheet allocation', 'maximum permitted share capital', 'consolidated financial statements', 'minimum share capital', 'Herrestadsvägen 24A', 'additional work efforts', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'equivalent authorisation documents', 'permitted minimum number', 'consolidated income statement', 'personal identity number', 'corporate identity number', 'Simris Group AB', 'ordinary board work', 'Nominee registered shares', 'voting rights registration', 'deputy board members', 'deputy auditors Resolution', 'share register', 'Young AB', 'equivalent document', 'voting list', 'maximum number', 'record date', '50 Hammenhög', 'five years', 'authorised signatory', 'two persons', 'managing director', 'nomination committee', 'Micael Karlsson', 'four (4) members', 'market practice', 'Steven Schapera', 'Frank Puccio', 'Robert Quandt', 'Peter Gunnarsson', 'second paragraph', 'telephone number', 'consulting fees', 'Friday 19 May', 'Tuesday 23 May', 'legal person', 'general meeting', 'state name', 'annual report', 'new provision', 'board fees', 'nominee-registered shares', 'minutes Determination', 'proxy form', 'principal auditor', 'agenda Election', '180,000,000 shares', '72,250,000 shares', '720,000,000 shares', '301,000,000 shares', 'Shareholders', 'intention', 'contact', 'bank/nominee', 'advance', 'option', 'order', 'Notification', 'Company', 'attendance', 'writing', 'mail', 'address', 'advisors', 'written', 'issuance', 'certificate', 'authority', 'original', 'connection', 'website', 'Proposal', 'Opening', 'chairman', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Presentation', 'respect', 'profit', 'loss', 'liability', 'articles', 'association', 'issue', 'convertibles', 'warrants', 'Closing', 'Item', 'lawyer', 'deputies', 'SEK', 'line', 'compensation', 'accordance', 'invoice', 'Ernst', 'directors', 'proxies', 'procedure', 'Chapter', 'Section']",2023-04-27,2023-04-27,privataaffarer.se
23723,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/resolutions-of-huhtamaki-oyjs-annual-general-meeting-of-shareholders-1682598600,Resolutions of Huhtamäki Oyj’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders,HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 27.4.2023 AT 13.30. Resolutions of Huhtamäki Oyj’s Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Huhtamäki Oyj's Annual General Meeting of Shar,HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 27.4.2023 AT 13.30Resolutions of Huhtamäki Oyj’s Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersHuhtamäki Oyj's Annual General Meeting of Shareholders was held in Helsinki on April 27  2023. The meeting adopted the Annual Accounts including the Consolidated Annual Accounts for 2022  discharged the members of the Company's Board of Directors  the CEO and the interim Deputy CEO from liability  and approved all proposals made to the Annual General Meeting by the Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Nomination Board. The Annual General Meeting also approved the Remuneration Report for the Company’s Governing Bodies and the amended Remuneration Policy for the Governing Bodies presented to it.DividendThe Annual General Meeting resolved that an aggregate dividend of EUR 1.00 per share be paid based on the balance sheet adopted for the financial period ended on December 31  2022. The dividend will be paid in two instalments. The first dividend instalment  EUR 0.50 per share  will be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the first dividend instalment May 2  2023. The payment date for the first dividend instalment will be on May 9  2023. The second dividend instalment  EUR 0.50 per share  will be paid to shareholders registered in the Company’s register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date for the second dividend instalment October 2  2023. The payment date for the second dividend instalment will be on October 9  2023.In addition  the Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide  if necessary  on a new record date and a new payment date for the second dividend instalment  if regulations applicable to the Finnish book-entry system change or otherwise so require.Composition of the Board of DirectorsThe number of members of the Board of Directors was confirmed to as nine (9). Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä  Ms. Mercedes Alonso  Mr. Doug Baillie  Mr. William R. Barker  Ms. Anja Korhonen  Ms. Kerttu Tuomas and Mr. Ralf K. Wunderlich were re-elected and  as new members  Ms. Pauline Lindwall and Mr. Pekka Vauramo were elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting re-elected Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä as the Chair of the Board and Ms. Kerttu Tuomas as the Vice-Chair of the Board.In a meeting that took place after the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors resolved upon members of its Committees. Ms. Anja Korhonen was elected as the Chair and Ms. Mercedes Alonso  Ms. Kerttu Tuomas and Mr. Pekka Vauramo as the members of the Audit Committee. Mr. Doug Baillie was elected as the Chair and Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä  Mr. William R. Barker  Ms. Pauline Lindwall and Mr. Ralf K. Wunderlich as the members of the Human Resources Committee.Remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting resolved that the annual remuneration to the members of the Board of Directors will be paid as follows: to the Chair of the Board EUR 170 000  to the Vice-Chair EUR 80 000 and to the other members EUR 65 000 each. In addition  the Annual General Meeting resolved that the annual remuneration to the Chair and members of the Board Committees will be paid as follows: to the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 16 000 and to the other members of the Audit Committee EUR 5 500 as well as to the Chair of the Human Resources Committee EUR 5 500 and to the other members of the Human Resources Committee EUR 2 750. In addition  the Annual General Meeting resolved that EUR 1 500 will be paid for each Board and Committee meeting attended. Traveling expenses of the Board members will be compensated in accordance with the Company policy.AuditorKPMG Oy Ab  a firm of authorized public accountants  was re-elected as Auditor of the Company for the financial year January 1 – December 31  2023. Mr. Henrik Holmbom  APA  will continue to act as the Auditor with principal responsibility.The Auditor’s remuneration is paid against an invoice approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of an aggregate maximum of 10 776 038 of the Company’s own shares. Own shares may be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The authorization covers also directed repurchases of the Company’s own shares. The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no later than June 30  2024.Authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares. The aggregate number of new shares to be issued may not exceed 10 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 9.3 percent of the current shares of the Company  and the aggregate number of own treasury shares to be transferred may not exceed 4 000 000 shares which corresponds to approximately 3.7 percent of the current shares of the Company. The authorization covers also directed issuances of shares. The authorization remains in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no later than June 30  2024.Amendment to the Articles of AssociationThe Annual General Meeting resolved to amend the Articles of Association in accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors to enable arranging a General Meeting as a virtual meeting without a meeting venue as an alternative to a physical meeting or a hybrid meeting. The amendment enables the holding of General Meetings virtually to facilitate attendance and participation for the Company's shareholders  especially in unforeseen or exceptional circumstances. The amendment does not preclude arranging General Meetings as physical or hybrid meetings.Amendment to the Charter of the Shareholders' Nomination BoardThe Annual General Meeting resolved to amend the Charter of the Shareholders' Nomination Board in accordance with the proposal of the Nomination Board so that the shareholders entitled to appoint a member are determined annually on the basis of the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on May 31 (previously August 31).Mr. Antti Ihamuotila  Attorney-at-Law  chaired the meeting.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the website of Huhtamäki Oyj at www.huhtamaki.com as of May 11  2023 at the latest.For further information  please contact:Sami Pauni  Executive Vice President  Corporate Affairs and Legal  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 (0)10 686 7872About HuhtamakiHuhtamaki is a leading global provider of sustainable packaging solutions for consumers around the world. Our innovative products protect on-the-go and on-the-shelf food and beverages  and personal care products  ensuring hygiene and safety  driving accessibility and affordability  and helping prevent food waste. We embed sustainability in everything we do. We are committed to achieving carbon neutral production and designing all our products to be recyclable  compostable or reusable by 2030. Our blueloopTM sustainable packaging solutions are world-leading and designed for circularity.We are a participant in the UN Global Compact  Huhtamaki is rated ‘A’ on the MSCI ESG Ratings assessment and EcoVadis has awarded Huhtamaki with the Gold medal for performance in sustainability. To play our part in managing climate change  we have set science-based targets that have been approved and validated by the Science-Based Targets initiative.With 100 years of history and a strong Nordic heritage we operate in 37 countries and 116 operating locations around the world. Our values Care Dare Deliver guide our decisions and help our team of around 19 000 employees make a difference where it matters. Our 2022 net sales totalled EUR 4.5 billion. Huhtamaki Group is headquartered in Espoo  Finland and our parent company  Huhtamäki Oyj  is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd. Find out more about how we are protecting food  people and the planet at www.huhtamaki.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Huhtamäki Oyj', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Resolutions', 'Shareholders', 'HUHTAMÄKI OYJ STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Finnish book-entry system change', 'Mr. William R. Barker', 'Mr. Ralf K. Wunderlich', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Mr. Pekka Ala-Pietilä', 'Mr. Doug Baillie', 'Mr. Pekka Vauramo', 'Mr. Henrik Holmbom', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Ms. Mercedes Alonso', 'Ms. Anja Korhonen', 'Ms. Kerttu Tuomas', 'Ms. Pauline Lindwall', 'KPMG Oy Ab', 'Consolidated Annual Accounts', 'first dividend instalment', 'second dividend instalment', 'authorized public accountants', 'Human Resources Committee', 'interim Deputy CEO', 'new record date', 'new payment date', 'Committee meeting', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'annual remuneration', 'aggregate dividend', 'public trading', 'Audit Committee', 'new members', 'Governing Bodies', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'two instalments', 'Traveling expenses', 'financial year', 'principal responsibility', 'aggregate maximum', 'special rights', 'Remuneration Report', 'Remuneration Policy', 'other members', 'Own shares', 'Company policy', 'Board Committees', 'Board members', 'Resolutions', 'Helsinki', 'April', 'Directors', 'liability', 'proposals', 'December', 'register', 'May', 'October', 'addition', 'regulations', 'Composition', 'number', 'term', 'Chair', 'place', 'accordance', 'Auditor', 'firm', 'APA', 'invoice', 'Authorization', 'repurchase', 'price', 'market', 'force', 'June', 'issuance', '13.30']",2023-04-27,2023-04-27,privataaffarer.se
23724,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Borse-Quarterly-statement-1-2023-Deutsche-Borse-Group-26-04-2023-43649484/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Deutsche Börse : Quarterly statement 1/2023 - Deutsche Börse Group (26/04/2023),(marketscreener.com)   Deutsche Börse Group | Quarterly statement Q1/2023   Publication of results   Q1/23: Deutsche Börse Group starts the 2023 financial year with further significant growth   Overview of quarterly results    Net revenue rose …,Deutsche Börse Group announced that Clearstream  the global post-trading services provider  has created a new bank in Luxembourg dedicated to serving institutional fund investors: Clearstream Fund Centre S.A. The new entity operates under a commercial banking licence obtained in the first quarter  in Luxembourg. It will be an important cornerstone of Deutsche Börse's and Clearstream's Fund Services  the business segment which provides fund execution  distribution and data management.In view of the performance in the first quarter of 2023 and the outlook for the remainder of the year  we currently expect that we will be at the upper end of our forecast for 2023  or even slightly exceed it if the strong cyclical tailwinds continue.Net profit for the period attributable to Deutsche Börse AG shareholders totalled €473 million  up 12 per cent on the same quarter of the previous year. Earnings per share before purchase price allocations came to €2.70  which represents an increase of 13 per cent.Net revenue rose in the first quarter of 2023 by 16 per cent to €1 231 million and EBITDA by 12 per cent to €772 million.Deutsche Börse Group | Quarterly statement Q1/2023Publication of resultsResults of operationsIn the first quarter of 2023  the financial markets focused on the monetary policy measures taken by central banks in both Europe and the US in response to persistently high inflation rates. The US central bank increased its target range for the federal funds rate in two stages to 4.75-5.00 per cent  and in the same period the European Central Bank raised its deposit rate to 3.00 per cent  also in two steps. Net interest income from banking business rose significantly in the Securities Services segment as a result. Trading activity in interest rate derivatives also continued to pick up  leading to higher trading volumes. Market volatility  as measured by the VSTOXX  fell by a third on average compared with the same quarter of last year. However  the insolvency of some US banks in mid-March and the development on the Swiss banking market did cause a tangible increase in uncertainty among market participants. Fears that these events could lead to a banking crisis drove demand for hedging  particularly by means of equity index derivatives  which caused a significant short-term increase in trading volumes in the Trading & Clearing segment.Against this backdrop  net revenue in the first quarter of 2023 rose by 16 per cent to €1 231.2 million (Q1/22: €1 061.6 million). Net revenue in the first quarter of last year in the Securities Services segment included a gain of €49 million from the sale of the stake in REGIS-TR. New customers and market share gains  as well as ongoing demand for innovative products and ESG solutions  remained key factors behind the secular growth in the first quarter. This amounted to 7 per cent. Net revenue growth resulting from cyclical effects was 9 per cent. The main drivers were net interest income from banking business  on the one hand  as well as greater market uncertainty towards the end of the quarter  which resulted in higher trading volumes and margin fees.In the Securities Services segment  €29 million of the net interest income from banking business associated with assets under sanctions held by Clearstream was segregated  of which €14 million was attributable to prior periods. In the course of separating the Clearstream fund business  the relevant portion of the net interest income from banking business of €11 million was reclassified from Securities Services to Fund Services (Other). At the same time  the separation resulted in a transfer of net revenue of €4 million from Fund Services to Securities Services (Custody  Settlement and Other).Operating costs rose in the first quarter to €452.7 million (Q1/22: €406.7 million). The increase of11 per cent is due primarily to inflationary effects  higher staff costs as result of a larger workforce  and IT investments  amongst others in cloud computing projects.Earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) increased by 12 per cent to €772.1 million (Q1/22: €687.4 million). This includes net income from financial investments of €-6.4 million (Q1/22: €32.5 million). The decline is due largely to the higher market valuation of the Illuminate fintech fund in the previous year  since market valuations fell slightly in the first quarter of 2023.Depreciation  amortisation and impairment losses came to €88.3 million (Q1/22: €84.4 million). The effects of purchase price allocations for acquisitions saw a slight increase in Q1/2023 whilst the same period of the previous year included a one-off impairment loss of some €7 million. The financial result of €-9.1 million (Q1/22: €-8.8 million) mainly consists of interest expenses for outstanding corporate bonds.2,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Quarterly statement', 'Deutsche Börse AG shareholders', 'Clearstream Fund Centre S.A.', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'global post-trading services provider', 'purchase price allocations', 'monetary policy measures', 'high inflation rates', 'equity index derivatives', 'cloud computing projects', 'outstanding corporate bonds', 'institutional fund investors', 'Illuminate fintech fund', 'federal funds rate', 'higher market valuation', 'strong cyclical tailwinds', 'higher staff costs', 'one-off impairment loss', 'European Central Bank', 'commercial banking licence', 'interest rate derivatives', 'higher trading volumes', 'Swiss banking market', 'Net interest income', 'significant short-term increase', 'Securities Services segment', 'market share gains', 'greater market uncertainty', 'US central bank', '4.75-5.00 per cent', 'Net revenue growth', 'Clearstream fund business', 'Fund Services', 'net income', 'business segment', 'fund execution', 'new bank', 'central banks', 'deposit rate', 'Clearing segment', 'Market volatility', 'market participants', 'market valuations', 'interest expenses', 'secular growth', 'Operating costs', 'impairment losses', 'Net profit', 'banking business', 'banking crisis', '13 per cent', '16 per cent', '12 per cent', '3.00 per cent', 'Trading activity', '7 per cent', '9 per cent', '11 per cent', 'cyclical effects', 'new entity', 'important cornerstone', 'data management', 'Quarterly statement', 'financial markets', 'target range', 'two stages', 'two steps', 'US banks', 'New customers', 'innovative products', 'ESG solutions', 'key factors', 'main drivers', 'one hand', 'margin fees', 'prior periods', 'relevant portion', 'same time', 'larger workforce', 'IT investments', 'financial investments', 'first quarter', 'same quarter', 'previous year', 'last year', 'tangible increase', 'slight increase', 'same period', 'inflationary effects', 'upper end', 'ongoing demand', 'financial result', 'Luxembourg', 'distribution', 'view', 'performance', 'remainder', 'forecast', 'Earnings', 'EBITDA', 'Publication', 'results', 'operations', 'response', 'VSTOXX', 'average', 'insolvency', 'mid-March', 'development', 'Fears', 'events', 'hedging', 'means', 'backdrop', 'sale', 'stake', 'REGIS-TR.', 'assets', 'sanctions', 'course', 'separation', 'transfer', 'Custody', 'Settlement', 'Other', 'tax', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', 'decline', 'acquisitions', 'Q1']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23725,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Borse-Quarterly-statement-Q1-2023-43649582/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Deutsche Börse : Quarterly statement Q1/2023,(marketscreener.com)   Deutsche Börse Group | Quarterly statement Q1/2023   Publication of results   Q1/23: Deutsche Börse Group starts the 2023 financial year with further significant growth   Overview of quarterly results    Net revenue rose …,Deutsche Börse Group announced that Clearstream  the global post-trading services provider  has created a new bank in Luxembourg dedicated to serving institutional fund investors: Clearstream Fund Centre S.A. The new entity operates under a commercial banking licence obtained in the first quarter  in Luxembourg. It will be an important cornerstone of Deutsche Börse's and Clearstream's Fund Services  the business segment which provides fund execution  distribution and data management.In view of the performance in the first quarter of 2023 and the outlook for the remainder of the year  we currently expect that we will be at the upper end of our forecast for 2023  or even slightly exceed it if the strong cyclical tailwinds continue.Net profit for the period attributable to Deutsche Börse AG shareholders totalled €473 million  up 12 per cent on the same quarter of the previous year. Earnings per share before purchase price allocations came to €2.70  which represents an increase of 13 per cent.Net revenue rose in the first quarter of 2023 by 16 per cent to €1 231 million and EBITDA by 12 per cent to €772 million.Deutsche Börse Group | Quarterly statement Q1/2023Publication of resultsResults of operationsIn the first quarter of 2023  the financial markets focused on the monetary policy measures taken by central banks in both Europe and the US in response to persistently high inflation rates. The US central bank increased its target range for the federal funds rate in two stages to 4.75-5.00 per cent  and in the same period the European Central Bank raised its deposit rate to 3.00 per cent  also in two steps. Net interest income from banking business rose significantly in the Securities Services segment as a result. Trading activity in interest rate derivatives also continued to pick up  leading to higher trading volumes. Market volatility  as measured by the VSTOXX  fell by a third on average compared with the same quarter of last year. However  the insolvency of some US banks in mid-March and the development on the Swiss banking market did cause a tangible increase in uncertainty among market participants. Fears that these events could lead to a banking crisis drove demand for hedging  particularly by means of equity index derivatives  which caused a significant short-term increase in trading volumes in the Trading & Clearing segment.Against this backdrop  net revenue in the first quarter of 2023 rose by 16 per cent to €1 231.2 million (Q1/22: €1 061.6 million). Net revenue in the first quarter of last year in the Securities Services segment included a gain of €49 million from the sale of the stake in REGIS-TR. New customers and market share gains  as well as ongoing demand for innovative products and ESG solutions  remained key factors behind the secular growth in the first quarter. This amounted to 7 per cent. Net revenue growth resulting from cyclical effects was 9 per cent. The main drivers were net interest income from banking business  on the one hand  as well as greater market uncertainty towards the end of the quarter  which resulted in higher trading volumes and margin fees.In the Securities Services segment  €29 million of the net interest income from banking business associated with assets under sanctions held by Clearstream was segregated  of which €14 million was attributable to prior periods. In the course of separating the Clearstream fund business  the relevant portion of the net interest income from banking business of €11 million was reclassified from Securities Services to Fund Services (Other). At the same time  the separation resulted in a transfer of net revenue of €4 million from Fund Services to Securities Services (Custody  Settlement and Other).Operating costs rose in the first quarter to €452.7 million (Q1/22: €406.7 million). The increase of11 per cent is due primarily to inflationary effects  higher staff costs as result of a larger workforce  and IT investments  amongst others in cloud computing projects.Earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) increased by 12 per cent to €772.1 million (Q1/22: €687.4 million). This includes net income from financial investments of €-6.4 million (Q1/22: €32.5 million). The decline is due largely to the higher market valuation of the Illuminate fintech fund in the previous year  since market valuations fell slightly in the first quarter of 2023.Depreciation  amortisation and impairment losses came to €88.3 million (Q1/22: €84.4 million). The effects of purchase price allocations for acquisitions saw a slight increase in Q1/2023 whilst the same period of the previous year included a one-off impairment loss of some €7 million. The financial result of €-9.1 million (Q1/22: €-8.8 million) mainly consists of interest expenses for outstanding corporate bonds.2,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Quarterly statement', 'Deutsche Börse AG shareholders', 'Clearstream Fund Centre S.A.', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'global post-trading services provider', 'purchase price allocations', 'monetary policy measures', 'high inflation rates', 'equity index derivatives', 'cloud computing projects', 'outstanding corporate bonds', 'institutional fund investors', 'Illuminate fintech fund', 'federal funds rate', 'higher market valuation', 'strong cyclical tailwinds', 'higher staff costs', 'one-off impairment loss', 'European Central Bank', 'commercial banking licence', 'interest rate derivatives', 'higher trading volumes', 'Swiss banking market', 'Net interest income', 'significant short-term increase', 'Securities Services segment', 'market share gains', 'greater market uncertainty', 'US central bank', '4.75-5.00 per cent', 'Net revenue growth', 'Clearstream fund business', 'Fund Services', 'net income', 'business segment', 'fund execution', 'new bank', 'central banks', 'deposit rate', 'Clearing segment', 'Market volatility', 'market participants', 'market valuations', 'interest expenses', 'secular growth', 'Operating costs', 'impairment losses', 'Net profit', 'banking business', 'banking crisis', '13 per cent', '16 per cent', '12 per cent', '3.00 per cent', 'Trading activity', '7 per cent', '9 per cent', '11 per cent', 'cyclical effects', 'new entity', 'important cornerstone', 'data management', 'Quarterly statement', 'financial markets', 'target range', 'two stages', 'two steps', 'US banks', 'New customers', 'innovative products', 'ESG solutions', 'key factors', 'main drivers', 'one hand', 'margin fees', 'prior periods', 'relevant portion', 'same time', 'larger workforce', 'IT investments', 'financial investments', 'first quarter', 'same quarter', 'previous year', 'last year', 'tangible increase', 'slight increase', 'same period', 'inflationary effects', 'upper end', 'ongoing demand', 'financial result', 'Luxembourg', 'distribution', 'view', 'performance', 'remainder', 'forecast', 'Earnings', 'EBITDA', 'Publication', 'results', 'operations', 'response', 'VSTOXX', 'average', 'insolvency', 'mid-March', 'development', 'Fears', 'events', 'hedging', 'means', 'backdrop', 'sale', 'stake', 'REGIS-TR.', 'assets', 'sanctions', 'course', 'separation', 'transfer', 'Custody', 'Settlement', 'Other', 'tax', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', 'decline', 'acquisitions', 'Q1']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23726,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-BORSE-AG-449617/news/Deutsche-Boerse-posts-stronger-than-expected-Q1-profit-43649528/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Deutsche Boerse posts stronger-than-expected Q1 profit,(marketscreener.com) German exchange operator Deutsche Boerse said on Wednesday it posted a 12% rise in first-quarter net profit  a better result than analysts had expected  and that it may exceed its forecasts for 2023. https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/s…,Net profit attributable to shareholders was 473 million euros ($522.05 million)  up from 421 million euros a year ago  the company said. Analysts had expected a profit increase of nearly 10%.($1 = 0.9060 euros)(Reporting by Tom Sims and Hakan Ersen; Editing by Chris Reese),neutral,0.17,0.82,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Q1 profit', 'expected', 'Net profit', 'profit increase', 'Tom Sims', 'Hakan Ersen', 'Chris Reese', '421 million euros', '0.9060 euros', 'shareholders', 'company', 'Analysts', 'Editing']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23727,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/6506f290d13eec5a,TS Imagine to Bolster Crypto Trading Offering Through Deutsche Boerse Unit,TS Imagine  which provides trading services to institutional clients  is working with Crypto Finance  a unit of Deutsche Boerse  to bolster its cryptocurrency offering. TS Imagine provides trading  portfolio and risk management services to institutional inves…,TS Imagine  which provides trading services to institutional clients  is working with Crypto Finance  a unit of Deutsche Boerse  to bolster its cryptocurrency offering. TS Imagine provides trading  portfolio and risk management services to institutional investors such as private banks. It will now make use of Crypto Finance's crypto trading infrastructure to enhance its…This story appeared on coindesk.com   2023-04-26.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Crypto Trading Offering', 'Deutsche Boerse Unit', 'risk management services', 'crypto trading infrastructure', 'trading services', 'Crypto Finance', 'TS Imagine', 'institutional clients', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'cryptocurrency offering', 'institutional investors', 'private banks', 'coindesk.com', 'unit', 'portfolio', 'use', 'story']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,biztoc.com
23728,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/Marketmind-Wowed-by-tech-worried-by-banks--43638436/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Marketmind : Wowed by tech  worried by banks - Stock market news,(marketscreener.com) A look at the day ahead in European and global markets from Vidya Ranganathanhttps://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/Marketmind-Wowed-by-tech-worried-by-banks--43638436/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,A look at the day ahead in European and global markets from Vidya RanganathanThe steady stream of bad news from banks continues to cast a pall over markets this week  even as global tech giants surprise investors by beating earnings estimates.Spain's Santander dragged European stocks down on Tuesday. UBS Group fell after setting aside more money to provide for toxic mortgages  as part of its merger with fallen rival Credit Suisse. That makes investors wary of such provisions at the likes of HSBC  Lloyds and NatWest Group  all of which are due to report earnings in the coming weeks.Across the Atlantic  First Republic Bank's plunging deposits and tumbling shares are rippling through the U.S. regional banking sector.U.S. recession fears have also resurfaced after consumer confidence hit a nine-month low  alongside some weak earnings.In a week packed with tech sector earnings  the focus moves from artificial intelligence to advertising revenues as Facebook-parent Meta Platforms and streaming device maker Roku Inc report. Microsoft Corp earnings beat came after hours on Tuesday.In other news  EU industry chief Thierry Breton identified five Alphabet subsidiaries  two Meta units  two Microsoft businesses  Twitter and Alibaba's AliExpress among 19 companies subject to landmark EU online content rules known as the Digital Services Act (DSA).Key developments that could influence markets on Wednesday:U.S. durable goods orders  Germany and France consumer confidenceEarnings: Meta Platforms  Boeing  GSK  Deutsche Boerse  Roku Inc(Editing by Jacqueline Wong),negative,0.03,0.04,0.93,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Stock market news', 'banks', 'EU industry chief Thierry Breton', 'U.S. durable goods orders', 'U.S. regional banking sector', 'U.S. recession fears', 'EU online content rules', 'France consumer confidence Earnings', 'rival Credit Suisse', 'First Republic Bank', 'streaming device maker', 'five Alphabet subsidiaries', 'two Microsoft businesses', 'Digital Services Act', 'two Meta units', 'global tech giants', 'Microsoft Corp earnings', 'Facebook-parent Meta Platforms', 'Roku Inc report', 'sector earnings', 'earnings estimates', 'weak earnings', 'Vidya Ranganathan', 'steady stream', 'bad news', 'UBS Group', 'toxic mortgages', 'NatWest Group', 'coming weeks', 'plunging deposits', 'tumbling shares', 'artificial intelligence', 'advertising revenues', 'other news', 'Key developments', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Jacqueline Wong', 'global markets', 'European stocks', 'look', 'banks', 'pall', 'investors', 'Spain', 'Santander', 'Tuesday', 'money', 'part', 'merger', 'fallen', 'provisions', 'likes', 'HSBC', 'Lloyds', 'Atlantic', 'month', 'focus', 'hours', 'Twitter', 'Alibaba', 'AliExpress', '19 companies', 'landmark', 'DSA', 'Wednesday', 'Germany', 'Boeing', 'GSK']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23729,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/economy/marketmind-wowed-by-tech-worried-by-banks-3064434,Marketmind: Wowed by tech  worried by banks By Reuters,Marketmind: Wowed by tech  worried by banks,Published Apr 26  2023 12:32AM ET© Reuters. FILE PHOTO: A TV presenter reports from the German stock exchange as the German share price index DAX graph is shown on a screen in Frankfurt  Germany  April 25  2023. REUTERS/StaffBA +1.48% Add to/Remove from Watchlist MSFT +3.20% Add to/Remove from Watchlist LLOY +0.45% Add to/Remove from Watchlist DB1Gn -7.73% Add to/Remove from Watchlist SAN -0.33% Add to/Remove from Watchlist GOOGL +3.74% Add to/Remove from Watchlist FRC +8.79% Add to/Remove from Watchlist GOOG +3.75% Add to/Remove from Watchlist BABA +1.99% Add to/Remove from Watchlist ROKU +0.80% Add to/Remove from WatchlistA look at the day ahead in European and global markets from Vidya RanganathanThe steady stream of bad news from banks continues to cast a pall over markets this week  even as global tech giants surprise investors by beating earnings estimates.Spain's Santander (BME: ) dragged European stocks down on Tuesday. UBS Group fell after setting aside more money to provide for toxic mortgages  as part of its merger with fallen rival Credit Suisse. That makes investors wary of such provisions at the likes of HSBC  Lloyds (LON: ) and NatWest Group  all of which are due to report earnings in the coming weeks.Across the Atlantic  First Republic Bank (NYSE: )'s plunging deposits and tumbling shares are rippling through the U.S. regional banking sector.U.S. recession fears have also resurfaced after consumer confidence hit a nine-month low  alongside some weak earnings.In a week packed with tech sector earnings  the focus moves from artificial intelligence to advertising revenues as Facebook-parent Meta Platforms and streaming device maker Roku (NASDAQ: ) Inc report. Microsoft Corp (NASDAQ: ) earnings beat came after hours on Tuesday.In other news  EU industry chief Thierry Breton identified five Alphabet (NASDAQ: ) subsidiaries  two Meta units  two Microsoft businesses  Twitter and Alibaba (NYSE: )'s AliExpress among 19 companies subject to landmark EU online content rules known as the Digital Services Act (DSA).Key developments that could influence markets on Wednesday:U.S. durable goods orders  Germany and France consumer confidenceEarnings: Meta Platforms  Boeing (NYSE: )  GSK  Deutsche Boerse (ETR: )  Roku Inc,negative,0.28,0.26,0.46,mixed,0.15,0.05,0.8,True,English,"['Marketmind', 'banks', 'Reuters', 'EU industry chief Thierry Breton', 'U.S. durable goods orders', 'U.S. regional banking sector', 'U.S. recession fears', 'EU online content rules', 'German share price index', 'France consumer confidence Earnings', 'German stock exchange', 'rival Credit Suisse', 'First Republic Bank', 'streaming device maker', 'Digital Services Act', 'two Meta units', 'global tech giants', 'two Microsoft businesses', 'Facebook-parent Meta Platforms', 'sector earnings', 'Microsoft Corp', 'earnings estimates', 'weak earnings', 'earnings beat', 'TV presenter', 'DAX graph', 'Vidya Ranganathan', 'steady stream', 'bad news', 'UBS Group', 'toxic mortgages', 'NatWest Group', 'coming weeks', 'plunging deposits', 'tumbling shares', 'artificial intelligence', 'advertising revenues', 'Inc report', 'other news', 'five Alphabet', 'Key developments', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Watchlist MSFT', 'Watchlist LLOY', 'Watchlist DB1Gn', 'Watchlist SAN', 'Watchlist GOOGL', 'Watchlist FRC', 'Watchlist BABA', 'global markets', 'Roku Inc', 'Watchlist ROKU', 'European stocks', 'Apr', 'Reuters', 'PHOTO', 'screen', 'Frankfurt', 'Germany', 'look', 'banks', 'pall', 'investors', 'Spain', 'Santander', 'BME', 'Tuesday', 'money', 'part', 'merger', 'fallen', 'provisions', 'likes', 'HSBC', 'Lloyds', 'LON', 'Atlantic', 'NYSE', 'nine', 'month', 'focus', 'NASDAQ', 'hours', 'subsidiaries', 'Twitter', 'Alibaba', 'AliExpress', '19 companies', 'landmark', 'DSA', 'Wednesday', 'Boeing', 'GSK', 'ETR', '©']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,investing.com
23730,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/european-stock-futures-mixed-weak-sentiment-helped-by-tech-earnings-3064467,European stock futures mixed; weak sentiment helped by tech earnings By Investing.com,European stock futures mixed; weak sentiment helped by tech earnings,Published Apr 26  2023 01:58AM ET Updated Apr 26  2023 02:16AM ET© Reuters.DE30 +0.51% Add to/Remove from Watchlist RO +0.41% Add to/Remove from Watchlist UBSG -0.11% Add to/Remove from Watchlist GOOG +3.75% Add to/Remove from Watchlist SCBFF 0.00% Add to/Remove from Watchlist FRC +8.79% Add to/Remove from Watchlist F40 +1.25% Add to/Remove from Watchlist CL +0.73% Add to/Remove from Watchlist UK100 +0.30% Add to/Remove from Watchlist LCO -0.01% Add to/Remove from Watchlist Gold +0.05% Add to/Remove from Watchlist EUR/USD -0.00% Add to/Remove from Watchlist DAST +2.51% Add to/Remove from Watchlist EMG -0.45% Add to/Remove from Watchlist GOOGL +3.74% Add to/Remove from Watchlist SAN -0.33% Add to/Remove from Watchlist DANO -1.47% Add to/Remove from Watchlist DB1Gn -7.73% Add to/Remove from Watchlist NWG -0.07% Add to/Remove from Watchlist LLOY +0.45% Add to/Remove from Watchlist HSBA +0.65% Add to/Remove from Watchlist MSFT +3.20% Add to/Remove from WatchlistInvesting.com - European stock markets are expected to open mixed Wednesday  with banking worries returning to the fore even after strong earnings from a couple of U.S. tech giants.At 02:00 ET (06:00 GMT)  the contract in Germany traded 0.4% lower  the contract in the U.K. fell 0.2%  while in France climbed 0.3%.Swiss lender UBS (SIX: ) and Spain’s Santander (BME: )  the eurozone’s second-biggest lender in terms of market value  disappointed the markets with their quarterly earnings results on Tuesday.Across the pond  First Republic Bank (NYSE: ) stock slumped after revealing $100 billion in customer withdrawals last month  fueling concerns for the whole U.S. regional banking sector.Back in Europe  U.K. lender Standard Chartered (LON: ) is scheduled to release its numbers Wednesday  paving the way for earnings from the likes of HSBC (LON: )  Lloyds (LON: ) and NatWest Group (LON: )  all of which are due to report earnings in the coming weeks.Away from the financial sector  Danone (EPA: ) raised its 2023 sales growth outlook after it reported higher-than-expected first-quarter on Wednesday  with the foods company able to raise prices in the face of high raw materials and energy costs.Swiss healthcare company Roche (SIX: ) reported a 7% drop in first-quarter on falling demand for its COVID-19 therapies and diagnostics kits.Earnings are also scheduled Wednesday from the likes of Deutsche Boerse (ETR: )  Man Group (LON: ) and Dassault Systemes (EPA: ).Equity markets had received a boost overnight as first-quarter results from U.S. tech giants Microsoft (NASDAQ: ) and Google owner Alphabet (NASDAQ: )  released after the closing bell on Wall Street  beat market expectations.On the economic data front  the forward-looking came in at -25.7 for May  an improvement from the revised prior reading of -29.3.There are also a number of ECB policymakers scheduled to speak later in the session  including   and   who could offer clues as to the future path of the central bank’s monetary policy.The is widely expected to lift interest rates again in early May  with the main open question being the size of the move  a quarter- or a half-point step.Oil prices rose Wednesday  bouncing after the previous session’s sharp losses  after falling U.S. fuel inventories pointed to resilient demand in the world’s largest oil consumer.Data from the   released late Tuesday  showed that U.S. crude inventories fell by just over 6 million barrels last week  more than the expected 1.7 million barrels  while gasoline inventories fell 1.9 million barrels.By 02:00 ET  futures traded 0.9% higher at $77.77 a barrel  while the contract climbed 0.8% to $81.24.Both benchmarks dropped more than 2% on Tuesday  falling to levels seen before the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and allies  a group known as OPEC+  announced an additional output reduction to start in May.Additionally  rose 0.1% to $2 004.95/oz  while traded 0.1% higher at 1.0987.,negative,0.03,0.0,0.97,mixed,0.1,0.3,0.61,True,English,"['European stock futures', 'weak sentiment', 'earnings', 'Investing', 'U.K. lender Standard Chartered', 'U.S. regional banking sector', 'U.S. tech giants', 'U.S. fuel inventories', 'U.S. crude inventories', '2023 sales growth outlook', 'high raw materials', 'Google owner Alphabet', 'main open question', 'Petroleum Exporting Countries', 'additional output reduction', 'First Republic Bank', 'largest oil consumer', 'Swiss healthcare company', 'economic data front', 'quarterly earnings results', 'European stock markets', 'banking worries', 'Swiss lender', 'financial sector', 'gasoline inventories', 'biggest lender', 'foods company', 'central bank', 'market value', 'customer withdrawals', 'coming weeks', 'energy costs', 'falling demand', 'COVID-19 therapies', 'diagnostics kits', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Dassault Systemes', 'Equity markets', 'closing bell', 'Wall Street', 'market expectations', 'prior reading', 'ECB policymakers', 'future path', 'monetary policy', 'interest rates', 'half-point step', 'Oil prices', 'sharp losses', 'resilient demand', '6 million barrels', '1.7 million barrels', 'Watchlist RO', 'Watchlist UBSG', 'Watchlist GOOG', 'Watchlist SCBFF', 'Watchlist FRC', 'Watchlist F40', 'Watchlist CL', 'Watchlist UK100', 'Watchlist LCO', 'Watchlist Gold', 'Watchlist DAST', 'Watchlist EMG', 'Watchlist SAN', 'Watchlist DANO', 'Watchlist DB1Gn', 'Watchlist NWG', 'Watchlist LLOY', 'Watchlist HSBA', 'Watchlist MSFT', 'first-quarter results', 'NatWest Group', 'Man Group', 'strong earnings', 'previous session', 'early May', 'Apr', 'Reuters', 'DE30', 'Investing', 'fore', 'couple', '06:00 GMT', 'contract', 'Germany', 'France', 'SIX', 'Spain', 'Santander', 'BME', 'eurozone', 'terms', 'Tuesday', 'pond', 'NYSE', 'concerns', 'numbers', 'way', 'likes', 'HSBC', 'LON', 'Lloyds', 'Danone', 'EPA', 'Wednesday', 'face', 'Roche', '7% drop', 'boost', 'Microsoft', 'NASDAQ', 'forward-looking', 'improvement', 'clues', 'size', 'move', 'world', 'futures', 'benchmarks', 'levels', 'Organization', 'allies', 'OPEC', '©', '02:00']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,investing.com
23731,Deutsche Boerse,NewsApi.org,https://www.coindesk.com/business/2023/04/26/ts-imagine-to-bolster-crypto-trading-offering-through-deutsche-boerse-unit/,TS Imagine to Bolster Crypto Trading Offering Through Deutsche Boerse Unit,TS Imagine will make use of Crypto Finance's crypto trading infrastructure to enhance its digital asset capabilities,The aim of Crypto Finance  two-thirds owned by German stock exchange Deutsche Boerse  is to provide financial institutions with the crypto investment services of the sophistication and regulatory oversight that they would be used to in traditional finance. It also recently joined forces with Apex Group to offer institutional-grade crypto products.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Crypto Trading Offering', 'Deutsche Boerse Unit', 'German stock exchange', 'crypto investment services', 'institutional-grade crypto products', 'Crypto Finance', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'financial institutions', 'regulatory oversight', 'traditional finance', 'Apex Group', 'aim', 'two-thirds', 'sophistication', 'forces']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,coindesk.com
23732,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/04/27/stock-markets-rise-after-positive-corporate-earnings-reports/,Stock markets rise after positive corporate earnings reports,European shares ended higher on Thursday supported by positive earnings  especially reports from Deutsche Bank and Barclays that eased concerns about the banking sector’s health  while Denmark’s SimCorp surged on a deal with Deutsche Boerse.,The City of London financial district: The FTSE 100 lost ground for the fourth consecutive session. Photograph: Hollie Adams/BloombergEuropean shares ended higher on Thursday supported by positive earnings  especially reports from Deutsche Bank and Barclays that eased concerns about the banking sector’s health  while Denmark’s SimCorp surged on a deal with Deutsche Börse.DUBLINThe Iseq index fell 1.1 per cent in Dublin  underperforming the marginally positive trend across the big European markets  as several of its key stocks declined.Kerry was one the main fallers  declining 4.3 per cent to €95.68  after it said its margins were squeezed in the first quarter.Smurfit Kappa  which releases its first-quarter earnings update on Friday  fell 2.2 per cent  with the packaging company closing at €32.02. Flutter Entertainment  the owner of Paddy Power  was another faller  declining 1.4 per cent to €179.15  after the UK government published a new gambling White Paper.READ MOREBuilding materials group CRH slipped 1.25 per cent to €43.40  adding to its loss in Wednesday’s session  while Bank of Ireland dropped 1.4 per cent to €9.68 and AIB fell 1.15 per cent to €3.96.Ryanair was one of the few climbers on the day  rising 0.7 per cent to €14.65.LONDONThe FTSE 100 lost ground for the fourth consecutive session amid a string of earnings updates  with the blue-chip index ending 0.3 per cent lower. The mid-cap FTSE 250  however  added 0.2 per cent in the session.Drops by the oil majors BP and Shell – despite a rebound in crude oil prices – helped to keep the index in the red  despite Barclays shares rising strongly on the back of a positive set of figures for the first quarter.Barclays rose 5.3 per cent on an estimate-beating quarterly profit  as a resilient performance from its consumer bank offset pressure on other key business lines.Unilever climbed 1.4 per cent on better-than-expected quarterly underlying sales  as the company behind Dove soap  Ben & Jerry’s ice-cream and Hellmann’s mayonnaise raised prices yet again to compensate for higher commodity and supply chain costs.Sainsbury’s fell 3.45 per cent after reporting a fall in annual profits. The UK’s second-largest grocery chain reported a 5 per cent fall in underlying pretax profits for the year to March 4th.EUROPEThe pan-European STOXX 600 index was up 0.2 per cent  gaining for the first time in three sessions.SimCorp jumped 38.3 per cent to the top of the index  after stock exchange operator Deutsche Börse announced a €3.9 billion takeover offer of the software firm. Deutsche Börse shares fell 7.7 per cent.Apart from deal-making  investors gauged a raft of earnings reports.Deutsche Bank gained 2.5 per cent following a better-than-expected rise in first-quarter profit  as income from higher interest rates offset a slump in revenues at the investment bank.The broader banking index added 1.1 per cent  while the industrial goods sector gained 1.3 per cent after Swedish engineering firm Atlas Copco jumped 14.4 per cent after posting record orders.NEW YORKWall Street’s main indexes rose in early trading on Thursday as a slew of strong earnings updates from companies including Meta Platforms  Eli Lilly and Comcast outweighed data showing the US economy slowed more than anticipated in the first quarter.Meta Platforms soared 15.2 per cent after it forecast quarterly revenue above estimate  and as chief executive Mark Zuckerberg said AI was increasing traffic to Facebook and Instagram and boosting ad sales.Eli Lilly advanced 2.3 per cent on raising its full-year profit forecast  while Comcast rose 5.8 per cent as it beat estimates for quarterly revenue and profit  thanks to sustained demand for its broadband services and higher theme park attendance.E-commerce company eBay climbed 3.9 per cent after it forecast current-quarter revenue above projections. Amazon and Intel  meanwhile  are among the big names set to report after the closing bell.– Additional reporting: Reuters,positive,0.6,0.39,0.0,mixed,0.22,0.15,0.63,True,English,"['positive corporate earnings reports', 'Stock markets', 'chief executive Mark Zuckerberg', 'new gambling White Paper', 'other key business lines', 'higher theme park attendance', 'Deutsche Börse shares', 'Building materials group', 'supply chain costs', 'largest grocery chain', 'stock exchange operator', '€3.9 billion takeover offer', 'higher interest rates', 'underlying pretax profits', 'industrial goods sector', 'Swedish engineering firm', 'full-year profit forecast', 'pan-European STOXX 600 index', 'London financial district', 'fourth consecutive session', 'big European markets', 'quarterly underlying sales', 'first-quarter earnings update', 'strong earnings updates', 'beating quarterly profit', 'broader banking index', 'crude oil prices', 'The Iseq index', '5 per cent fall', 'European shares', 'banking sector', 'key stocks', 'higher commodity', 'NEW YORK', 'first-quarter profit', 'Deutsche Bank', 'oil majors', 'annual profits', 'software firm', 'quarterly revenue', 'ad sales', 'big names', 'positive earnings', 'The City', 'The FTSE 100', 'The UK', 'blue-chip index', 'Hollie Adams', 'positive trend', 'main fallers', 'first quarter', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'Paddy Power', 'UK government', 'mid-cap FTSE 250', '0.2 per cent', 'Barclays shares', 'positive set', 'resilient performance', 'Dove soap', 'first time', 'three sessions', 'Atlas Copco', 'record orders', 'Wall Street', 'main indexes', 'early trading', 'Meta Platforms', 'Eli Lilly', 'US economy', 'sustained demand', 'broadband services', 'current-quarter revenue', 'closing bell', 'Additional reporting', 'earnings reports', 'consumer bank', 'investment bank', 'packaging company', 'E-commerce company', 'ground', 'Photograph', 'Bloomberg', 'Thursday', 'concerns', 'health', 'Denmark', 'SimCorp', 'deal', 'DUBLIN', 'Kerry', 'margins', 'Friday', 'owner', 'READ', 'CRH', 'loss', 'Wednesday', 'Ireland', 'AIB', 'Ryanair', 'climbers', 'string', 'Drops', 'BP', 'Shell', 'rebound', 'red', 'back', 'figures', 'pressure', 'Unilever', 'Ben', 'Jerry', 'ice-cream', 'Hellmann', 'mayonnaise', 'Sainsbury', 'March', 'top', 'investors', 'raft', 'rise', 'income', 'slump', 'revenues', 'slew', 'companies', 'Comcast', 'data', 'estimate', 'traffic', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'eBay', 'projections', 'Amazon', 'Intel', 'Reuters', '2.5']",2023-04-27,2023-04-27,irishtimes.com
23733,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/european-markets-close-higher-after-choppy-session-1032269907,European Markets Close Higher After Choppy Session,European markets ended higher after a choppy ride on Thursday as investors digested a slew of earnings announcement from European and,(RTTNews) - European markets ended higher after a choppy ride on Thursday as investors digested a slew of earnings announcement from European and U.S. companies  in addition to reacting to the latest batch of economic data.The major markets in the region  however  ended on a mixed note.The pan European Stoxx 600 climbed 0.18%. France's CAC 40 advanced 0.23% and Germany's DAX edged up 0.03%  while the U.K.'s FTSE 100 drifted down 0.27% and Switzerland's SMI edged down 0.03%.Among other markets in Europe  Austria  Czech Republic  Denmark  Iceland  Netherlands  Norway  Poland  Portugal  Russia  Spain and Sweden closed higher.Belgium and Ireland ended weak  while Finland and Greece settled flat.In the UK market  Barclays surged 5.32% after first-quarter profit topped expectation.Prudential rallied nearly 4% and BT Group gained about 3.1%. Airtel Africa  Halma  IAG  Hiscox  Vodafone Group  Rentokil Initial  RS Group  Unilever  Admiral Group and Sage Group ended higher by 1 to 2.35%.Legal & General Group tumbled more than 7%. WPP  St. James's Place  Ashtead Group  Sainsbury (J) and Frasers Group lost 3 to 4.25%.Weir Group lost about 1% after the mining engineer backed its guidance for the year.Smith (DS)  Whitbread  IHG  Fresnillo  Smurfit Kappa Group  BP  Glencore  JD Sports Fashion  Flutter Entertainment  British American Tobacco and Shell also ended notably lower.In Paris  Schneider Electric surged nearly 4% after reporting a rise in Q1 revenue and lifting its FY23 organic growth view.Teleperformance gained about 3.2%  rebounding after suffering a sharp setback in the previous session. Dassault Systemes  Eurofins Scientific and BNP Paribas gained 2 to 3.15%.Saint Gobain  Kering  L'Oreal  Credit Agricole  Airbus Group  Societe Generale  Orange and WorldLine also ended notably higher.Unibail Rodamco  TotalEnergies  Publicis Groupe  Danone and Essilor lost 1 to 3.3%.In the German market  Siemens Energy gained about 3%. Deutsche Bank surged 2.5% after profit hit its highest in a decade in the first quarter.Deutsche Post  RWE  Zalando  SAP  Commerzbank  Allianz  Fresenius Medical Care  Vonovia  Fresenius and Siemens gained 1 to 2%.Deutsche Boerse plunged more than 7%. The company has signed an agreement on voluntary all-cash recommended public takeover offer to acquire Danish software and services provider SimCorp A/S at a price of 735 Danish kroner per share.BASF ended more than 4% down after the chemicals giant maintained its profit forecast for 2023 but warned of great uncertainty in the global economy.Puma lost 6.5%  while Infineon Technologies and Daimler Truck Holding ended lower by 3.2% and 4.5%  respectively.Eurozone economic confidence improved marginally in April as the weakness in industry was more than offset by improvement in confidence among consumers and services providers. The economic sentiment index  or ESI  rose to 99.3 in April from 99.2 in the previous month  data from the European Commission showed Thursday.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.12,0.15,0.72,True,English,"['European Markets', 'Choppy Session', 'FY23 organic growth view', 'The pan European Stoxx', 'JD Sports Fashion', 'British American Tobacco', 'public takeover offer', 'Daimler Truck Holding', 'economic sentiment index', 'U.S. companies', 'Smurfit Kappa Group', 'Fresenius Medical Care', 'Eurozone economic confidence', 'U.K.', 'European markets', 'European Commission', 'economic data', 'BT Group', 'Vodafone Group', 'RS Group', 'Admiral Group', 'Sage Group', 'General Group', 'Ashtead Group', 'Weir Group', 'Airbus Group', 'choppy ride', 'earnings announcement', 'latest batch', 'major markets', 'mixed note', 'other markets', 'Czech Republic', 'UK market', 'Airtel Africa', 'Rentokil Initial', 'St. James', 'mining engineer', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'Schneider Electric', 'Q1 revenue', 'sharp setback', 'previous session', 'Dassault Systemes', 'Eurofins Scientific', 'BNP Paribas', 'Saint Gobain', ""L'Oreal"", 'Societe Generale', 'Unibail Rodamco', 'Publicis Groupe', 'German market', 'Deutsche Bank', 'first quarter', 'Deutsche Post', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Danish software', 'services provider', 'SimCorp A/S', '735 Danish kroner', 'chemicals giant', 'great uncertainty', 'global economy', 'Infineon Technologies', 'previous month', 'first-quarter profit', 'profit forecast', 'Siemens Energy', 'RTTNews', 'Thursday', 'investors', 'slew', 'addition', 'region', 'France', 'CAC', 'Germany', 'DAX', 'FTSE 100', 'Switzerland', 'SMI', 'Austria', 'Denmark', 'Iceland', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Poland', 'Portugal', 'Russia', 'Spain', 'Sweden', 'Belgium', 'Ireland', 'Finland', 'Greece', 'Barclays', 'expectation', 'Prudential', 'Halma', 'IAG', 'Hiscox', 'Unilever', 'Legal', 'WPP', 'Place', 'Sainsbury', 'guidance', 'year', 'Whitbread', 'IHG', 'Fresnillo', 'BP', 'Glencore', 'Shell', 'Paris', 'rise', 'Teleperformance', 'Kering', 'Credit', 'Agricole', 'Orange', 'WorldLine', 'TotalEnergies', 'Danone', 'Essilor', 'decade', 'RWE', 'Zalando', 'SAP', 'Commerzbank', 'Allianz', 'Vonovia', 'company', 'agreement', 'voluntary', 'cash', 'price', 'share', 'BASF', 'Puma', 'April', 'weakness', 'industry', 'improvement', 'consumers', 'ESI']",2023-04-27,2023-04-27,markets.businessinsider.com
23734,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.swfinstitute.org/news/96937/deutsche-boerse-makes-a-bid-to-buy-simcorp,Deutsche Börse Makes a Bid to Buy SimCorp,Stock exchange operator Deutsche Börse AG announced a €3.9 billion takeover offer for Danish investment management software company SimCorp A/S. Stock exchanges are keen on diversifying their revenue.,Stock exchange operator Deutsche Börse AG announced a €3.9 billion takeover offer for Danish investment management software company SimCorp A/S. Stock exchanges are keen on diversifying their revenue.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Bid', 'SimCorp', 'Danish investment management software company', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'SimCorp A/S. Stock exchanges', 'Stock exchange operator', '€3.9 billion takeover offer', 'revenue']",2023-04-27,2023-04-27,swfinstitute.org
23735,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/42219/deutsche-brse-makes-39bn-bid-for-simcorp,Deutsche Börse makes €3.9bn bid for SimCorp,Deutsche Börse has made a €3.9 billion bid to takeover Danish financial sodtware house SimCorp.,"Deutsche Börse has made a €3.9 billion bid to takeover Danish financial sodtware house SimCorp.The offer price represents a 38.9% premium and a 45.3% premium to the closing share price and 3-months volume-weighted average price of SimCorp.The transaction  which has been recommended by SimCorp's board  forms part of a plan by the German exchange to grow its data & analytics business. Upon completion  the combination of DB subsidiary Qontigo/ISS and SimCorp will be grouped within a newly created Investment Management Solutions segment  with the option of a potential IPO for the combined ISS/Qontigo business in the medium term.The cooperation and partnerships within the unit are expected to deliver significant upselling and cross-selling opportunities  a strengthening of the ESG offering as well as rationalisation of certain corporate functions with total estimated run-rate Ebitda level synergies of around €90 million per year within three years  and one-off costs of around €100 million.SimCorp  which has more than 2 200 employees  posted operating profit of €126 million on revenue of €561 million last year.The German exchange intends to preserve SimCorp's current global operational presence  including maintaining the headquarters and registered office in Denmark.Theodor Weimer  CEO of Deutsche Börse AG  said: “Over the last couple of years we have significantly enhanced our data and analytics capabilities with a strong strategic focus to further develop within the investment management business. SimCorp A/S is a perfect fit strategically and culturally.""In addition to the SimCorp A/S transaction  we have decided to merge ISS and Qontigo. Both transactions will bring long-term growth  sizeable and tangible synergies  and a significant increase of our recurring revenues. We would be delighted to welcome SimCorp  which has been a trusted business partner for many years  to Deutsche Börse Group and to embark on this exciting journey together.”",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', '€3.9bn bid', 'SimCorp', 'Danish financial sodtware house SimCorp', 'current global operational presence', '3-months volume-weighted average price', 'Investment Management Solutions segment', 'run-rate Ebitda level synergies', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'investment management business', 'closing share price', 'DB subsidiary Qontigo/ISS', 'strong strategic focus', 'trusted business partner', 'The German exchange', 'SimCorp A/S transaction', 'offer price', 'tangible synergies', 'analytics business', 'ISS/Qontigo business', '€3.9 billion bid', 'potential IPO', 'medium term', 'significant upselling', 'cross-selling opportunities', 'ESG offering', 'corporate functions', 'one-off costs', 'operating profit', 'registered office', 'Theodor Weimer', 'last couple', 'analytics capabilities', 'perfect fit', 'significant increase', 'recurring revenues', 'exciting journey', 'three years', 'many years', '38.9% premium', '45.3% premium', 'board', 'plan', 'data', 'completion', 'combination', 'option', 'cooperation', 'partnerships', 'strengthening', 'rationalisation', 'total', '2,200 employees', 'headquarters', 'Denmark', 'CEO', 'addition', 'transactions', 'sizeable']",2023-04-27,2023-04-27,finextra.com
23736,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.wsj.com/livecoverage/stock-market-today-dow-jones-04-27-2023/card/the-data-gold-rush-in-exchanges-continues-with-this-4-3-billion-deal-7zFynR6vk3lMnEMzznjO,The Data Gold Rush in Exchanges Continues With This $4.3 Billion Deal,Deutsche Börse  continental Europe’s biggest exchange operator by market value  is pushing further into data and analytics with a $4.3 billion deal to buy Denmark's SimCorp. Exchange companies  including U.S. powerhouses such as Intercontinental ...,Deutsche Börse  continental Europe’s biggest exchange operator by market value  is pushing further into data and analytics with a $4.3 billion deal to buy Denmark's SimCorp. Exchange companies  including U.S. powerhouses such as Intercontinental ...,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['The Data Gold Rush', '$4.3 Billion Deal', 'Exchanges', 'Deutsche Börse', 'U.S. powerhouses', 'biggest exchange operator', 'Exchange companies', 'continental Europe', 'market value', '$4.3 billion deal', 'data', 'analytics', 'Denmark', 'SimCorp.', 'Intercontinental']",2023-04-27,2023-04-27,wsj.com
23737,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/deutsche-boerse-buy-simcorp-4-095604559.html,Deutsche Boerse to Buy SimCorp in $4.3 Billion Software Push,Deutsche Boerse AG will buy Danish financial software maker SimCorp A/S for about €3.9 billion ($4.3 billion) to expand its data and analytics business  in a deal poised to be the exchange operator’s biggest acquisition to date.,(Bloomberg) -- Deutsche Boerse AG will buy Danish financial software maker SimCorp A/S for about €3.9 billion ($4.3 billion) to expand its data and analytics business  in a deal poised to be the exchange operator’s biggest acquisition to date.Most Read from BloombergThe German company will pay 735 kroner ($109) a share in cash  a 39% premium to Wednesday’s closing price  according to a statement. SimCorp said separately that its board recommends shareholders accept the offer.The purchase would also be a win for Chief Executive Officer Theodor Weimer  the former investment banker who has sought to juice Deutsche Boerse’s growth through deals. The transaction underlines the push that exchanges are making into data and related tools as investors seek information that gives them an edge in increasingly fast electronic markets.“This transaction makes a lot of strategic and financial sense  it is highly complementary for our existing data and analytics business ” Weimer told reporters on a call on Thursday. “We do cover now the full value chain of the investment management service  this is exactly the piece we were always looking for.”Within three years  the takeover would generate cost and revenue synergies of a combined €90 million for the exchange  Deutsche Boerse said.SimCorp will be grouped together with Deutsche Boerse’s Qontigo and ISS units. The company said it has the option of selling shares in the combined Qontigo and ISS business to the public “in the medium term.”“These are two different pieces  we would only envisage to IPO the US part of the business  the business of Qontigo and ISS ” Weimer said.Story continuesGeneral Atlantic  which sold a portfolio and risk analytics business to Deutsche Boerse in 2019  will be the sole minority shareholder of the combined Qontigo entity. Deutsche Boerse wants to “create a path to exit” for the firm via the potential initial public offering  said Weimer.“We agree that a path to exit is also creating some momentum for us to push this business forward ” Weimer told analysts on a call on Thursday. “Two  three years down the road  if we were to list lets say 30% of the newly combined ISS Qontigo company  this would not create a huge complexity for us at all.”SimCorp shares jumped when the market opened and briefly exceeded the offer price. The stock traded at 735 kroner as of 10:13 a.m. in Copenhagen. Deutsche Boerse shares fell as much as 7.5%.“Over the years there have been tons of M&A rumors involving SimCorp  being one of few European independent software vendors with global scope and at decent scale ” Daniel Djurberg  a SimCorp analyst at Handelsbanken  said in a note. “Our base case is that the Deutsche Boerse bid will show to be high enough to pull this transaction through without competing bids  but we don’t rule out the alternative scenario.”Exchanges have been buying data and software businesses  often with deals that outstrip the size of SimCorp. London Stock Exchange Group Plc completed its purchase of Refinitiv in 2021 and Intercontinental Exchange Inc. seeking to acquire Black Knight Inc.Yet attempts to diversify sources of revenue haven’t always proved successful. Euronext NV withdrew an indicative offer for investment-platform Allfunds Group Plc last month after both sides were unable to agree on the terms of a takeover.Weimer signaled that  for now  he is focused on SimCorp rather than pursuing other acquisitions  such as Allfunds.Execution Risk“We are no deal junkies ” Weimer told reporters. “We will do this deal  we will make this deal happen  we will continue to be cash generative  that’s very clear. What happens in 18 months  24 months  it’s not the day today to talk about this.”SimCorp  which posted €99 million of profit last year  offers an investment management platform that it says has more than $30 trillion managed on it  and it counts as clients 40 of the top 100 global asset managers and asset owners.“The deal appears to be modestly earnings accretive  but does not substantially alter the revenue growth profile the group ” Citigroup Inc. analysts including Andrew Coombs in London wrote in a note. “We also see high execution risk in this deal  as SimCorp is undergoing a transition period  which the company itself has acknowledged will lead to lower gross margin and higher investment spend near-term.”The two companies have been working together since 2021 when Deutsche Boerse’s unit Qontigo entered into a partnership with SimCorp. To finance the deal  Deutsche Boerse has a fully underwritten bridge facility with Morgan Stanley  which is expected to be refinanced by a mix of cash and debt.SimCorp is being advised by Credit Suisse Group AG  a bright spot for the investment bank after a crisis of confidence forced into the arms of larger competitor UBS Group AG last month.The transaction is expected to be completed in the third quarter  pending regulatory approvals and a minimum acceptance level of 50% plus one share of all SimCorp shares.--With assistance from Jonas Cho Walsgard.(Updates to with CEO comments starting in fourth paragraph. An earlier version of this story was corrected after SimCorp corrected the name of a Deutsche Boerse unit)Most Read from Bloomberg Businessweek©2023 Bloomberg L.P.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.15,0.66,True,English,"['$4.3 Billion Software Push', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'SimCorp', 'larger competitor UBS Group AG', 'Chief Executive Officer Theodor Weimer', 'London Stock Exchange Group Plc', 'Credit Suisse Group AG', 'European independent software vendors', 'potential initial public offering', 'Danish financial software maker', 'top 100 global asset managers', 'Allfunds Group Plc', 'fast electronic markets', 'full value chain', 'sole minority shareholder', 'Black Knight Inc', 'lower gross margin', 'minimum acceptance level', 'Jonas Cho Walsgard', 'CEO comments star', 'former investment banker', 'investment management service', 'investment management platform', 'higher investment spend', 'Intercontinental Exchange Inc', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'two different pieces', 'high execution risk', 'M&A rumors', 'Citigroup Inc. analysts', 'Deutsche Boerse bid', 'revenue growth profile', 'Deutsche Boerse shares', 'ISS Qontigo company', 'risk analytics business', 'software businesses', 'financial sense', 'global scope', 'asset owners', 'exchange operator', 'two companies', 'biggest acquisition', 'closing price', 'related tools', 'revenue synergies', 'US part', 'General Atlantic', 'huge complexity', 'decent scale', 'Daniel Djurberg', 'base case', 'competing bids', 'alternative scenario', 'Euronext NV', 'other acquisitions', 'Andrew Coombs', 'transition period', 'bridge facility', 'Morgan Stanley', 'bright spot', 'third quarter', 'regulatory approvals', 'one share', 'German company', 'offer price', 'indicative offer', 'three years', 'medium term', 'Qontigo entity', 'SimCorp A/S', 'SimCorp shares', 'SimCorp analyst', 'existing data', 'deal junkies', '10:13 a', 'Bloomberg', 'date', '735 kroner', 'cash', '39% premium', 'Wednesday', 'statement', 'board', 'shareholders', 'purchase', 'win', 'deals', 'transaction', 'push', 'exchanges', 'investors', 'information', 'edge', 'lot', 'strategic', 'reporters', 'call', 'Thursday', 'takeover', 'cost', 'units', 'option', 'Story', 'portfolio', 'combined', 'path', 'firm', 'momentum', 'road', 'Copenhagen', 'tons', 'Handelsbanken', 'note', 'size', 'Refinitiv', 'attempts', 'sources', 'investment-platform', 'sides', 'terms', '18 months', '24 months', 'profit', 'clients', 'partnership', 'mix', 'debt', 'crisis', 'confidence', 'arms', 'assistance']",2023-04-27,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23738,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/deutsche-borse-set-to-acquire-simcorp-in-all-cash-takeover-for-4-3-billion/,Deutsche Börse set to acquire SimCorp in all cash takeover for $4.3 billion,The deal will combine Deutsche Borse’s Qontigo and ISS; will create a new investment management solutions segment.,Deutsche Börse has entered into a binding agreement to acquire SimCorp in an all-cash public takeover for $4.3 billion.To complete the deal  Deutsche Börse will launch an all-cash voluntary recommended public takeover offer for all SimCorp shares except for its treasury shares.SimCorp has been valued at 3.9 billion euros ($4.3 billion) as part of the transaction that is expected to be completed by the third quarter of this year  subject to regulatory approvals and a minimum acceptance level of 50% plus one share of all SimCorp shares.In a statement  the pair confirmed that SimCorp’s board of directors has already unanimously decided that it intends to recommend shareholders to accept the offer when published.Once completed  Deutsche Börse has confirmed it will combine its existing data and analytics subsidiaries Qontigo and ISS  grouping them under a newly created investment management solutions segment.The pair have an extensive existing partnership. In September 2021  SimCorp partnered with Qontigo to offer clients a portfolio optimisation  and risk management and modelling service via its buy-side front-to-back investment management system  SimCorp Dimension.Read more – SimCorp expands Dimension platform with Qontigo partnership“SimCorp A/S is a perfect fit strategically and culturally. It is one of the leading global investment management software providers  serving the largest asset managers and asset owners worldwide ” said Theodor Weimer  chief executive officer at Deutsche Börse in a statement.“Through our existing partnership we have come to know and appreciate the management of SimCorp A/S and the strategic transformation they have initiated  backed by a highly competent team of skilled employees. In addition to the SimCorp A/S transaction  we have decided to merge ISS and Qontigo. Both transactions will bring long-term growth  sizeable and tangible synergies  and a significant increase of our recurring revenues.”,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'cash takeover', 'SimCorp', 'leading global investment management software providers', 'investment management solutions segment', 'investment management system', 'Deutsche Börse', 'minimum acceptance level', 'chief executive officer', 'largest asset managers', 'cash public takeover', 'public takeover offer', 'extensive existing partnership', 'SimCorp A/S transaction', 'risk management', 'asset owners', 'existing data', 'binding agreement', 'treasury shares', '3.9 billion euros', 'third quarter', 'regulatory approvals', 'one share', 'analytics subsidiaries', 'portfolio optimisation', 'modelling service', 'Dimension platform', 'perfect fit', 'Theodor Weimer', 'strategic transformation', 'competent team', 'skilled employees', 'tangible synergies', 'significant increase', 'recurring revenues', 'SimCorp shares', 'SimCorp Dimension', 'Qontigo partnership', 'deal', 'voluntary', 'year', 'statement', 'pair', 'board', 'directors', 'shareholders', 'September', 'clients', 'addition', 'transactions', 'sizeable']",2023-04-27,2023-04-27,thetradenews.com
23739,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.fxstreet.com/analysis/corporate-earning-barrage-continues-focus-on-us-q1-gdp-data-202304270944,Corporate earning barrage continues – Focus on US Q1 GDP data,- 08:30 (US) Q1 Advance GDP Annualized Q/Q: 2.0%e v 2.6% prior; Personal Consumption: 4.3%e v 1.0% prior. - 08:30 (US) Q1 Advance GDP Price Index: 3.7%e v 3.9% prior; Core PCE Q/Q: 4.7%e v 4.4% prior.,Share:Notes/observations- US GDP data in today's session; focus on Friday’s barrage of EU inflation and GDP data from the region.- BOJ policy decision in Friday’s Asian session (1st under Gov Ueda).- Earnings Recap: BASF affirms FY23 guidance; Deutsche Bank beats  affirms FY23 and notes on track for FY25 targets; STMicroelectronics beat  raised FY23 and noted better than expected in Automotive and Industrial partially offset by lower revenues in Personal Electronics. Pernod Ricard guides Q4 sales to be very strong. Schneider Electric raises all guidance and sees supply chains easing. Barclays registers big drop in equities rev. Sainsburys raises FY guidance.- Asia closed mixed with Shanghai Composite outperforming at +0.7%. EU indices -0.1% to +0.5%. US futures are +0.3-0.8%. Gold +0.5%  DXY -0.1%; Commodity: Brent +0.3%  WTI +0.2%  TTF 0.0%; Crypto: BTC +0.3%  ETH -0.7%.Asia- China Mar YTD Industrial Profits Y/Y: -21.4% v -22.9% prior.- Australia Q1 Export Price Index Q/Q: +1.6% v -2.6%e; Import Price Index Q/Q: -4.2% v +0.5%e.- Former BOJ Official Wakatabe noted that BOJ could possibly change its forward guidance at the upcoming meeting this week. He would be surprised if BOJ changed its Yield Control (YCC).Americas- House approved Republican debt limit plan.- President Biden said to be open to debt-limit meeting with House Majority Leader McCarthy If default was ruled out.- Goldman Sachs analyst noted that if remaining receipts stayed on current trend then the Treasury should be able to continue to make all scheduled payments until the end of July without an increase in the debt limit.- Bank of Canada (BOC) Apr Summary of Deliberations noted that it did consider hiking rates in Apr but decided to wait for additional data. Getting inflation to 2% from 3% might be more difficult.- FDIC said to be weighing whether to downgrade their scoring of First Republic [FRC] condition   if lowered could curb access to Federal Reserve lending facilities.- Argentina govt stated that it would settle China imports with Yuan (CNY) currency.Speakers/fixed income/FX/commodities/erratumEquitiesIndices [Stoxx600 +0.16% at 464.06  FTSE -0.06% at 7 848.10  DAX +0.14% at 15 818.15  CAC-40 +0.48% at 7 502.45  IBEX-35 +0.18% at 9 310.86  FTSE MIB +0.23% at 27 169.00  SMI +0.20% at 11 388.20  S&P 500 Futures +0.50%].Market focal points/key themes: European indices open generally lower but later turned around to trade mixed; better performing sectors include health care and utilities; underperforming sectors include real estate and consumer discretionary; SimCorp receives takeover offer from Deutsche Boerse; TotalEnergies to divest its Canadian operations to Suncor; focus on release of US GDP data later in the day; earnings expected in the upcoming Americas session include Caterpiller  Merck  Linde and Honeywell.Equities- Consumer discretionary: Delivery Hero [DHER.DE] -4.0% (earnings)  J Sainsbury [SBRY.UK] -1.0% (earnings).- Consumer staples: Unilever [UNA.NL] +1.5% (Q1 rev beat  affirms FY23; post earnings comments)  Pernod Ricard [RI.FR] +1.0% (Q3 results).- Energy: TotalEnergies [TTE.FR] -1.5% (earnings; divestment).- Financials: Barclays [BARC.UK] +4.5% (Q1  affirms FY23)  Deutsche Bank [DBK.DE] +1.5% (Q1 beat  affirms FY23)  BBVA [BBVA.ES] +2.0% (earnings).- Healthcare: Aztrazeneca [AZN.UK] +1.0% (Q1  affirms FY23).- Industrials: BASF [BAS.DE] -3.5% (final earnings; post earnings comments)  GN Store [GN.DK] +8.5% (Q1  guides FY23)  Schneider Electric [SHF.DE] +1.5% (Q1  affirms FY23)  Michelin [ML.FR] +1.5% (Q1 rev - post close  affirms FY23)  Volvo Cars [VOLCAB.SE] -0.5% (earnings)  Aixtron [AIXA.DE] -5.0% (Q1  affirms FY23)  Nel [NEL.NO] +12.5% (Q1 results).- Technology: STMicroelectronics [STM.FR] -8.0% (Q1  raises FY23 lower end guidance)  SimCorp [SIM.DK] +38.5% (Receives takeover offer of DKK735/shr from Deutsche Börse)  Nemetschek [NEM.DE] +5.5% (Q1  affirms FY23).- Telecom: WPP [WPP.UK] -2.5% (earnings).Speakers- Norway Central Bank (Norges) 1Q Bank Lending Survey noted that credit demand was broadly unchanged in the quarter but expected lower corporate loan demand in Q2.- Russia Dep PM Novak noted that Russia would redirect 140M tons of oil and oil productions from Europe to Asia during 2023. OPEC+ group of leading oil producers does not see the need for further oil output cuts despite lower-than-expected Chinese demand.- OPEC Sec Gen Al Ghais issued a statement that noted OPEC+ was not targeting oil prices. Many factors were causing inflation; IEA should be careful about undermining investment in sector.Currencies/fixed income- USD was consolidating its recent losses in quiet trading on Thursday. Dealers noted that the greenback’s recent losing streak attributed to the drop in US inflation readings  the impending end of the Fed rate-hiking cycle. Also better economic performance in Europe contributing to the trend.- EUR/USD at 1.1050 with focus on Friday’s barrage of EU inflation and GDP data from the region.- USD/JPY at 133.80 ahead of Friday’s BOJ rate decision. The first under Gov Ueda. No changed expected but markets on the lookout for any change in the central banks forward guidance.Economic data- (FI) Finland Apr Consumer Confidence: -7.9 v -10.8 prior; Business Confidence: -13 v -12 prior.- (FI) Finland Feb Final Trade Balance: -€B v -€0.7B prelim.- (SE) Sweden Q1 GDP Indicator Q/Q: 0.2% v 0.0%e; Y/Y: 0.3% v 0.3%e.- (SE) Sweden Mar GDP Indicator M/M: -0.2% v -1.1% prior; Y/Y: -0.7% v +0.1% prior.- (NO) Norway Mar Retail Sales M/M: 0.0% v 0.3%e.- (NO) Norway Mar Credit Indicator Growth Y/Y: 5.2% v 5.4% prior.- (ES) Spain Q1 Unemployment Rate: 13.3% v 13.0%e.- (ES) Spain Mar Adjusted Retail Sales Y/Y: 9.5% v 3.5%e; Retail Sales (unadj) Y/Y: 9.7% v 3.6% prior.- (SE) Sweden Apr Consumer Confidence: 65.1 v 63.8 prior; Manufacturing Confidence: 101.6 v 103.3 prior; Economic Tendency Survey: 87.3 v 88.4 prior.- (TR) Turkey Apr Economic Confidence: 102.2 v 98.8 prior.- (IT) Italy Apr Consumer Confidence: 105.5 v 105.0e; Manufacturing Confidence: 103.0 v 104.0e; Economic Sentiment: 110.5 v 110.1 prior.- (TW) Taiwan Mar Leading Monitoring Indicator: 11 v 10 prior.- Iceland Apr CPI M/M: 1.3% v 0.6% prior; Y/Y: 9.9% v 9.8% prior.- (BE) Belgium Q1 Preliminary GDP Q/Q: 0.4% v 0.1% prior; Y/Y: 1.3% v 1.4% prior.- (EU) Euro Zone Apr Economic Confidence: 99.3 v 99.9e; Industrial Confidence: -2.6 v 0.0e; Services Confidence: 10.5 v 9.5e; Consumer Confidence (final): -17.5 v -17.5 prelim.Fixed income issuance- (DK) Denmark sold total DKK3.32 in 3-month and 6-month Bills.- (IT) Italy Debt Agency (Tesoro) sold €1.5B vs. €1.0-1.5B in Oct 2028 CCTeu (floating rate Notes); Real Yield: 4.45%; Bid-to-cover: 1.75x.- (IT) Italy Debt Agency (Tesoro) sells total €7.5B vs. €6.5-7.5B indicated range in 5-year and 10-year BTP Bonds.- Sold €2.5B vs. €2.0-2.5B indicated range in 3.40% Apr 2028 BTP bonds; Avg Yield: 3.77% v 3.59% prior; Bid-to-cover: 1.60x v 1.49x prior.- Sold €5.0B vs. €4.5-5.0B indicated range in 4.40% May 2033 BTP; Avg Yield: 4.42% v 4.12% prior; bid-to-cover: 1.32x v 1.38x prior.Looking ahead- (RO) Romania Mar M3 Money Supply Y/Y: No est v 7.3% prior.- (BR) Brazil Mar Total Formal Job Creation: No est v +241.8K prior.- (AR) Argentina Apr Consumer Confidence: No est v 38.2 prior.- 05:25 (EU) Daily ECB Liquidity Stats.- 05:30 (BE) Belgium Apr CPI M/M: No est v 0.6% prior; Y/Y: No est v 6.7% prior.- 05:30 (HU) Hungary Debt Agency (AKK) to sell 12-month Bills.- 06:00 (IL) Israel Mar Trade Balance: No est v -$2.6B prior.- 06:00 (IL) Israel Feb Manufacturing Production M/M: No est v -1.6% prior.- 06:00 (IE) Ireland Q1 Preliminary GDP Q/Q: No est v 0.3% prior  Y/Y: No est v 12.0% prior.- 06:00 (PT) Portugal Apr Consumer Confidence: No est v -33.4 prior; Economic Climate Indicator: No est v 2 prior.- 06:00 (CZ) Czech Republic to sell Bills.- 06:00 (FI) Finland Optional Reverse Inquiry (ORI).- 06:00 (RO) Romania to sell combined RON1.4B in 2028 and 2032 bonds.- 06:45 (US) Daily Libor Fixing.- 07:00 (TR) Turkey Central Bank (CBRT) Interest Rate Decision: Expected to leave One-Week Repo Rate unchanged at 8.50%.- 07:00 (UR) Ukraine Central Bank (NBU) Interest Rate Decision.- 07:00 (CA) Canada Apr CFIB Business Barometer: No est v 55.3 prior.- 07:00 (BR) Brazil Apr FGV Inflation IGPM M/M: -0.7%e v +0.1% prior; Y/Y: -1.9%e v +0.2% prior.- 08:00 (MX) Mexico Mar Trade Balance: -$0.9Be v -$1.8B prior.- 08:00 (BR) Brazil Feb IBGE Services Volume M/M: No est v -3.1% prior; Y/Y: No est v 6.1% prior.- 08:00 (UK) Daily Baltic Dry Bulk Index.- 08:30 (US) Q1 Advance GDP Annualized Q/Q: 2.0%e v 2.6% prior; Personal Consumption: 4.3%e v 1.0% prior.- 08:30 (US) Q1 Advance GDP Price Index: 3.7%e v 3.9% prior; Core PCE Q/Q: 4.7%e v 4.4% prior.- 08:30 (US) Initial Jobless Claims: 248Ke v 245K prior; Continuing Claims: 1.87Me v 1.865M prior.- 08:30 (US) Weekly USDA Net Export Sales.- 09:00 (RU) Russia Gold and Forex Reserve withe Apr 21st: No est v $600.2B prior.- 10:00 (US) Mar Pending Home Sales M/M: 0.8%e v 0.8% prior; Y/Y: -20.7%e v -21.1% prior.- 10:30 (US) Weekly EIA Natural Gas Inventories.- 11:00 (US) Apr Kansas City Fed Manufacturing Activity Index: -2e v 0 prior.- 11:30 (US) Treasury to sell 4-Week and 8-Week Bills.- 12:15 (IT) ECB’s Panetta (Italy).- 13:00 (BR) Brazil Mar Total Formal Job Creation: +90.0Ke v +241.8K prior.- 13:30 (BR) Brazil Mar Central Govt Budget Balance (BRL): No est v -41.0B prior.- 18:00 (NZ) New Zealand Apr ANZ Consumer Confidence: No est v 77.7 prior.- 19:00 (KR) South Korea Mar Industrial Production M/M: No est v -3.2% prior; Y/Y: No est v -8.1% prior.- 19:01 (UK) Apr Lloyds Business Barometer: No est v 32 prior.- 19:30 (JP) Japan Mar Jobless Rate: 2.5%e v 2.6% prior; Job-To-Applicant Ratio: No est v 1.34x prior.- 19:30 (JP) Japan Apr Tokyo CPI Y/Y: 3.3%e v 3.3% prior; CPI (Ex-Fresh Food) Y/Y: No est v 3.2% prior; CPI (Ex-Fresh Food  Energy) Y/Y: No est v 3.4% prior.- 19:50 (JP) Japan Mar Preliminary Industrial Production M/M: No est v 4.6% prior; Y/Y: No est v -0.5% prior.- 19:50 (JP) Japan Mar Retail Sales M/M: 0.3%e v 1.4% prior; Y/Y: No est v 6.6% prior; Dept. Store  Supermarket Sales Y/Y: No est v 4.7% prior.- 20:30 (SG) Singapore Q1 Final URA Private Home Prices Q/Q: No est v 3.2% prelim.- 21:30 (AU) Australia Q1 PPI Q/Q: No est v 0.7% prior; Y/Y: No est v 5.8% prior.- 21:30 (AU) Australia Mar Private Sector Credit M/M: No est v 0.3% prior; Y/Y: No est v 7.6% prior.- 22:00 (SG) Singapore Mar M2 Money Supply Y/Y: No est v 2.5% prior; M1 Money Supply Y/Y: No est v -14.1% prior.04/27- 04/28 (JP) Bank of Japan (BOJ) Interest Rate Decision: Expected to leave Interest Rate on Excess Reserves (IOER) and YCC unchanged.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.27,0.11,0.63,True,English,"['US Q1 GDP data', 'Corporate earning barrage', 'Focus', 'OPEC Sec Gen Al Ghais', 'China Mar YTD Industrial Profits', 'Australia Q1 Export Price Index', 'First Republic [FRC] condition', 'Federal Reserve lending facilities', 'House Majority Leader McCarthy', '1Q Bank Lending Survey', 'Former BOJ Official Wakatabe', 'lower corporate loan demand', 'Import Price Index', 'Goldman Sachs analyst', 'Market focal points', 'Dep PM Novak', 'Fed rate-hiking cycle', 'FY23 lower end guidance', 'S&P 500 Futures', 'recent losing streak', 'Norway Central Bank', 'Deutsche Börse', 'BOJ policy decision', 'leading oil producers', 'oil output cuts', 'debt limit plan', 'US GDP data', 'US inflation readings', 'post earnings comments', 'upcoming Americas session', 'China imports', 'US futures', 'lower revenues', 'Q1 rev', 'Q1 results', 'credit demand', 'Chinese demand', 'Deutsche Bank', 'upcoming meeting', 'recent losses', 'additional data', 'impending end', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'FY guidance', 'forward guidance', 'oil productions', 'oil prices', 'BOJ rate', 'Asian session', 'Gov Ueda', 'FY25 targets', 'Personal Electronics', 'Pernod Ricard', 'Q4 sales', 'Schneider Electric', 'supply chains', 'Shanghai Composite', 'Yield Control', 'President Biden', 'debt-limit meeting', 'remaining receipts', 'scheduled payments', 'hiking rates', 'Argentina govt', 'fixed income', 'key themes', 'performing sectors', 'health care', 'real estate', 'consumer discretionary', 'takeover offer', 'Canadian operations', 'Delivery Hero', 'J Sainsbury', 'Consumer staples', 'UNA.NL', 'RI.FR', 'Q3 results', 'BARC.UK', 'AZN.UK', 'BAS.DE', 'GN Store', 'Volvo Cars', 'VOLCAB.SE', 'AIXA.DE', 'NEL.NO', 'NEM.DE', '140M tons', 'Many factors', 'quiet trading', 'economic performance', 'EU inflation', 'EU indices', 'European indices', 'Earnings Recap', 'final earnings', 'FY23 guidance', 'big drop', 'current trend', 'Apr Summary', 'FTSE MIB', 'BBVA.ES', 'WPP.UK', 'OPEC+ group', 'equities rev.', 'Share', 'Notes/observations', 'today', 'focus', 'Friday', 'barrage', 'region', 'BASF', 'track', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Automotive', 'Barclays', 'Sainsburys', 'DXY', 'Commodity', 'Brent', 'WTI', 'TTF', 'Crypto', 'BTC', 'ETH', 'YCC', 'Republican', 'default', 'Treasury', 'July', 'increase', 'Canada', 'BOC', 'Deliberations', 'FDIC', 'scoring', 'access', 'Yuan', 'Speakers', 'FX', 'commodities', 'erratum', 'DAX', 'CAC-40', 'SMI', 'utilities', 'SimCorp', 'TotalEnergies', 'Suncor', 'release', 'Caterpiller', 'Merck', 'Linde', 'Honeywell', 'Unilever', 'Energy', 'divestment', 'Financials', 'Healthcare', 'Aztrazeneca', 'Industrials', 'DK', 'Michelin', 'Aixtron', 'Technology', 'Nemetschek', 'Telecom', 'Norges', 'quarter', 'Q2.', 'Russia', 'need', 'statement', 'IEA', 'investment', 'Currencies', 'USD', 'Thursday', 'Dealers', 'greenback', 'JPY']",2023-04-27,2023-04-27,fxstreet.com
23740,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/deutsche-boerse-offers-to-buy-simcorp-in-eur-3-9-bln-deal-stocks-move-1032267618,Deutsche Boerse Offers To Buy SimCorp In EUR 3.9 Bln Deal; Stocks Move,Germany's Deutsche Boerse Group (DBOEY.PK) announced Thursday that it has signed an agreement on voluntary all-cash recommended,(RTTNews) - Germany's Deutsche Boerse Group (DBOEY.PK) announced Thursday that it has signed an agreement on voluntary all-cash recommended public takeover offer to acquire Danish software and services provider SimCorp A/S at a price of 735 Danish kroner per share. The total consideration to be offered under the Offer for all SimCorp shares is approximately 3.9 billion euros.SimCorp shares were gaining around 39 percent in the morning trading in Denmark  while Deutsche Boerse shares were losing around 6 percent. The intended offer price represents a 38.9 percent premium and a 45.3 percent premium over the closing price of DKK 529.00 and the 3- months volume-weighted average price of DKK 505.73 as of 26 April 2023  respectively.SimCorp Board of Directors has unanimously resolved that it intends to recommend its shareholders to accept the offer  when made.Completion of the Offer will be subject to satisfaction of certain customary conditions.In Germany  Deutsche Boerse shares were trading at 171.40 euros  down 6.42 percent.In Denmark  SimCorp shares were trading at 732 kroner  up 38.37 percent.,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,positive,0.68,0.31,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse Offers', 'EUR 3.9 Bln Deal', 'SimCorp', 'Stocks', '3- months volume-weighted average price', 'Deutsche Boerse Group', 'Deutsche Boerse shares', 'public takeover offer', 'closing price', 'SimCorp shares', 'offer price', 'Danish software', 'services provider', 'SimCorp A/S', 'total consideration', 'morning trading', 'SimCorp Board', 'customary conditions', '735 Danish kroner', '3.9 billion euros', '38.9 percent premium', '45.3 percent premium', '39 percent', '6 percent', '171.40 euros', '732 kroner', 'RTTNews', 'Germany', 'DBOEY.', 'PK', 'agreement', 'voluntary', 'cash', 'Denmark', 'DKK', '26 April', 'Directors', 'shareholders', 'Completion', 'satisfaction']",2023-04-27,2023-04-27,markets.businessinsider.com
23741,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/transfer-nicox-shares-euronext-growth-070000734.html,Transfer of Nicox’s shares to Euronext Growth Paris effective on April 28  2023,Press Release Transfer of Nicox’s shares to Euronext Growth Paris effective on April 28  2023 April 26  2023 – release at 9:00 am CETSophia Antipolis  France...,NICOXPress ReleaseTransfer of Nicox’s shares to Euronext Growth Paris effective on April 28  2023April 26  2023 – release at 9:00 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  COX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced that the transfer of the listing of the securities issued by the Company from the Euronext Paris regulated market (compartment C) to the Euronext Growth Paris multilateral trading facility (the “Transfer”)  will be effective as from the trading session of April 28  2023.The application for the Transfer was approved by the Euronext Listing Board on April 24  2023.As of April 28  2023  the new mnemonic code of Nicox’s shares will be ALCOX. The ISIN code remains unchanged: FR0013018124.This operation aims to allow the Company to have its securities admitted to trading on a market more commensurate with its size and market capitalization. Indeed  the Transfer to Euronext Growth enables the Company to reduce its obligations and constraints and  as a result  reduce the costs associated with its listing  while maintaining the shares’ tradability on a financial market.The Company will continue to provide accurate  precise and truthful information  by disclosing any privileged information concerning the Company to the public  in accordance with the European Regulation on Market Abuse (“MAR”). The provisions of the MAR Regulation will also remain fully applicable to the Company  with respect to the disclosure of transfers of securities by directors.The Information Document relating to the Transfer is available on the Company's website www.nicox.com  in the Investors section.The Company is assisted by Bryan  Garnier & Co. as Listing Sponsor in connection with the Transfer.Definitive timetable for the transfer of listing marketDate Operation April 26  2023 Publication of a Euronext notice announcing the delisting of Nicox’s shares from Euronext ParisPublication of a Euronext notice announcing the listing of Nicox’s shares to Euronext Growth ParisDissemination of a press release by the Company and online publication of the Information Document on the Company's and Euronext’s website April 28  2023 before market opening Delisting of the Company's shares from the Euronext Paris regulated market and admission of the Company's shares to the multilateral trading facility Euronext Growth ParisAbout NicoxNicox SA is an international ophthalmology company developing innovative solutions to help maintain vision and improve ocular health. Nicox’s lead program in clinical development is NCX 470  a novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost  for lowering intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. The company is also conducting research on NCX 1728  a nitric oxide-donating phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor  in retinal conditions. NCX 4251  a novel  patented  ophthalmic suspension of fluticasone propionate nanocrystals for topical ocular application for dry eye disease  is being developed by Ocumension Therapeutics in China under an exclusive license agreement and is available for partnering elsewhere. Nicox generates revenue from 2 out-licensed products; VYZULTA® in glaucoma  and ZERVIATE® in allergic conjunctivitis  licensed in multiple geographies  including to Eyevance Pharmaceuticals  LLC (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Santen Pharmaceutical Co.  Ltd.)  in the U.S. and Ocumension Therapeutics in the Chinese and in the majority of Southeast Asian markets.Story continuesNicox  headquartered in Sophia Antipolis  France  is listed on Euronext Paris (Compartiment C: Mid Caps;Ticker symbol: COX) and is part of the CAC Healthcare index.For more information on Nicox  its products or pipeline  please visit: www.nicox.com.Analyst coverageBryan  Garnier & Co Eric Yoo Paris  FranceEdison Investment Research Pooya Hemami London  UKH.C. Wainwright & Co Yi Chen New York  U.S.Kepler Cheuvreux Arsene Guekam Paris  FranceThe views expressed by analysts in their coverage of Nicox are those of the author and do not reflect the views of Nicox. Additionally  the information contained in their reports may not be correct or current. Nicox disavows any obligation to correct or to update the information contained in analyst reports.NicoxGavin SpencerExecutive Vice President  Chief Business Officer& Head of Corporate DevelopmentT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00communications@nicox.comForward-Looking StatementsThe information contained in this document may be modified without prior notice. This information includes forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These statements are based on current expectations or beliefs of the management of Nicox S.A. and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Nicox S.A. and its affiliates  directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents  do not undertake  nor do they have any obligation  to provide updates or to revise any forward-looking statements.Risks factors which are likely to have a material effect on Nicox’s business are presented in the 3rd chapter of the ‘Document d’enregistrement universel  rapport financier annuel et rapport de gestion 2021’ filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on April 29  2022  in its first amendment filed with the AMF on May 19  2022  in the 2nd chapter of its second amendment filed with the AMF on November 22  2022 and in the 2nd chapter of the Securities note filed with the AMF on November 22  2022 which are available on Nicox’s website (www.nicox.com)Nicox S.A.Drakkar 2Bât D  2405 route des Dolines06560 Valbonne  FranceT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00F +33 (0)4 97 24 53 99Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.09,0.25,0.66,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Paris', 'Transfer', 'Nicox', 'shares', 'April', 'Gavin Spencer Executive Vice President', 'Co Yi Chen New York', 'Euronext Growth Paris multilateral trading facility', 'novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost', 'nitric oxide-donating phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor', 'novel, patented, ophthalmic suspension', 'Co Eric Yoo Paris', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'France Edison Investment Research', 'new mnemonic code', 'Arsene Guekam Paris', 'Santen Pharmaceutical Co.', 'fluticasone propionate nanocrystals', 'dry eye disease', 'exclusive license agreement', 'Southeast Asian markets', 'CAC Healthcare index', 'Pooya Hemami London', 'Chief Business Officer', 'H.C. Wainwright', 'market opening Delisting', 'Euronext Listing Board', 'listing market Date', 'topical ocular application', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'international ophthalmology company', 'Nicox S.A.', 'Analyst coverage Bryan', 'trading session', 'Euronext notice', 'market capitalization', 'financial market', 'Market Abuse', 'ISIN code', 'U.S.', 'compartment C', 'ocular health', 'ocular hypertension', 'Compartiment C', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'accurate, precise', 'European Regulation', 'Investors section', 'Definitive timetable', 'innovative solutions', 'lead program', 'clinical development', 'intraocular pressure', 'retinal conditions', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'allergic conjunctivitis', 'multiple geographies', 'Eyevance Pharmaceuticals', 'owned subsidiary', 'Mid Caps', 'Ticker symbol', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'analyst reports', 'Corporate Development', 'prior notice', 'future performance', 'current expectations', 'actual results', 'Listing Sponsor', 'Press Release', 'MAR Regulation', 'open-angle glaucoma', '2 out-licensed products', 'truthful information', 'privileged information', 'online publication', 'Nicox SA', 'shares’ tradability', 'Information Document', 'The Company', 'Transfer', 'April', 'CET', 'securities', 'ALCOX', 'operation', 'size', 'obligations', 'constraints', 'costs', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'respect', 'disclosure', 'directors', 'website', 'Garnier', 'connection', 'Dissemination', 'NCX', 'patients', 'China', 'revenue', 'VYZULTA', 'ZERVIATE', 'LLC', 'Chinese', 'majority', 'Story', 'pipeline', 'UK', 'views', 'analysts', 'author', 'Head', 'guarantees', 'beliefs', 'management', 'number', 'factors', 'uncertainties', 'affiliates', 'officers', 'employees', 'advisers', 'agents', 'updates', '9:00', '4']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23742,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/early-redemption-tier-2-capital-053500842.html,Early redemption of tier 2 capital,Nasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock Exchange Euronext DublinOther stakeholders Date 26 April 2023 Early redemption of tier 2 capital As part of the bank’s ongoing ...,Ringkjøbing Landbobank A/SNasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock ExchangeEuronext DublinOther stakeholdersDate 26 April 2023Early redemption of tier 2 capitalAs part of the bank’s ongoing capital planning  the board of directors has decided in favour of an early redemption of the tier 2 capital of DKK 500 million issued on 13 June 2018 (ISIN: DK0030421110).The bank has obtained the Danish FSA’s approval of the early redemption  which will take place on 13 June 2023.Refinancing of the tier 2 capital to be redeemed was already in place in the fourth quarter of 2021 in connection with the issue of new tier 2 capital  totalling DKK 500 million  with maturity in January 2032  and if approved by the Danish FSA  the option of early redemption from January 2027.Yours sincerelyRingkjøbing LandbobankJohn FiskerCEOAttachment,positive,0.62,0.36,0.02,positive,0.69,0.28,0.04,True,English,"['Early redemption', 'tier 2 capital', 'John Fisker CEO Attachment', 'Ringkjøbing Landbobank A/S', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Other stakeholders Date', 'ongoing capital planning', 'new tier 2 capital', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Early redemption', 'Danish FSA', 'fourth quarter', 'April', 'part', 'board', 'directors', 'favour', 'DKK', '13 June', 'ISIN', 'approval', 'place', 'Refinancing', 'connection', 'issue', 'maturity', 'January', 'option']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23743,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/quadient-announces-ai-based-cash-063000713.html,Quadient Announces AI-Based Cash Application Module to Accelerate Invoice-to-Cash Processes,Quadient Announces AI-Based Cash Application Module to Accelerate Invoice-to-Cash Processes Paris  April 26  2023 Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in...,QUADIENTQuadient Announces AI-Based Cash Application Module to Accelerate Invoice-to-Cash ProcessesParis  April 26  2023Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels  today announced the global availability of a new Advanced Cash Application module for Quadient’s Intelligent Communication Automation SaaS platform  to offer mid-market and enterprise customers a complete end-to-end Accounts Receivable (AR) automation solution.Cash application is a crucial component of the invoice-to-cash process  and the recent shift to digital payments has added complexity for businesses of all sizes. Quadient’s new Advanced Cash Application module brings additional services powered by artificial intelligence and machine learning that enable financial teams to improve efficiency and increase accuracy by minimizing time spent on manual cash application activities through automation. Enriched with the new module  Quadient Accounts Receivable by YayPay now offers capabilities ranging from credit and collections management  payments  dispute management  business intelligence and analytics  invoicing  multichannel electronic and print delivery  and cash application.“At Quadient  we integrate artificial intelligence innovation to expand our offerings with more automated and enriched services ” said Chris Hartigan  Chief Solution Officer  Intelligent Communication Automation at Quadient. “Whether an organization is challenged with cash application delays due to missing remittance advice or the sheer volume of incoming payments that need to be matched and processed  automating the cash application process drives faster processes for employees and customers. The new module reduces the risk of manual errors and lowers days sales outstanding (DSO)  helping us address the requirements from our growing customer base and handle more use cases in a broader array of industries.”Story continuesThe new Advanced Cash Application module eliminates manual tasks for financial teams  such as applying incoming payments to customers and invoices and re-keying payments received from the bank. In instances where a payment has been received but the customer has not been identified  the software’s machine learning engine will automatically consider data—such as the type of payment  the amount and any remittance data—to provide a suggested customer. At that point  the AR team can review the transaction for easy and trustworthy cash matching and approve it  removing it from payment reminder workflows to avoid overcommunication and thus improving the customer relation.Since the acquisition of fintechs YayPay and Beanworks in 2020 and 2021  Quadient has continuously invested to adapt these solutions to new markets and added enriched features to continue enabling financial teams globally. To learn more about Quadient’s new Advanced Cash Application module  visit www.quadient.com/ar-automation/cash-application.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalized connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsJoe Scolaro  Quadient Sandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director of Media & Communications +1 203-301-3673 +1-630-699-8979 j.scolaro@quadient.com sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.01,0.45,True,English,"['AI-Based Cash Application Module', 'Cash Processes', 'Quadient', 'Invoice', 'Sterling Kilgore Global Press Relations Manager Director', 'end Accounts Receivable (AR) automation solution', 'Intelligent Communication Automation SaaS platform', 'new Advanced Cash Application module', 'three key solution areas', 'AI-Based Cash Application Module', 'manual cash application activities', 'Chief Solution Officer', 'cash application delays', 'cash application process', 'trustworthy cash matching', 'relevant, personalized connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'meaningful customer connections', 'growing customer base', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'customer experience excellence', 'machine learning engine', 'Parcel Locker Solutions', 'artificial intelligence innovation', 'new module', 'payment reminder workflows', 'Quadient Sandy Armstrong', 'global availability', 'complete end', 'AR team', 'cash process', 'new markets', 'Quadient Accounts', 'manual errors', 'manual tasks', 'business intelligence', 'customer relation', 'physical channels', 'crucial component', 'recent shift', 'additional services', 'financial teams', 'collections management', 'dispute management', 'multichannel electronic', 'print delivery', 'enriched services', 'Chris Hartigan', 'remittance advice', 'sheer volume', 'faster processes', 'use cases', 'broader array', 'driving force', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'Joe Scolaro', 'Euronext Paris', 'incoming payments', 'remittance data', 'enterprise customers', 'digital payments', 'Quadient®', 'Invoice', 'April', 'QDT', 'leader', 'businesses', 'mid-market', 'complexity', 'sizes', 'efficiency', 'accuracy', 'time', 'YayPay', 'capabilities', 'credit', 'analytics', 'invoicing', 'offerings', 'automated', 'organization', 'missing', 'employees', 'risk', 'days', 'sales', 'requirements', 'industries', 'Story', 'bank', 'instances', 'software', 'type', 'amount', 'suggested', 'point', 'transaction', 'easy', 'overcommunication', 'acquisition', 'fintechs', 'Beanworks', 'features', 'cash-application', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Media', 'Communications', 'Attachment']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23744,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/heineken-successfully-completes-acquisition-distell-060000745.html,HEINEKEN successfully completes acquisition of Distell and Namibia Breweries to create HEINEKEN Beverages,Amsterdam  26 April 2023 - HEINEKEN N.V. ('HEINEKEN') (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) has announced the completion of its acquisition of Distell Group...,"HEINEKEN NVAmsterdam  26 April 2023 - HEINEKEN N.V. ('HEINEKEN') (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) has announced the completion of its acquisition of Distell Group Holdings Limited (‘Distell’) and Namibia Breweries Limited (‘NBL’)  which have been combined with HEINEKEN South Africa into a new HEINEKEN majority-owned business to capture significant growth opportunities in Southern Africa.The combined businesses will be known as ‘HEINEKEN Beverages’ – the rebranding reflects the new company’s multi-category portfolio and commitment to deliver high-quality beverages to consumers across the continent.HEINEKEN’s CEO and Chairman of the Executive Board Dolf van den Brink said: “We are delighted to welcome over 5 400 talented employees of Distell and Namibia Breweries into HEINEKEN and look forward to adding more than €1 billion in net revenue and €150 million operating profit to our African footprint. By combining the strengths of all three entities  we can leverage our expertise and resources to foster growth  create jobs  and contribute to the overall economic development of the region.”Following agreement with the Competition Authorities in South Africa  HEINEKEN Beverages will now move ahead with a significant public interest package which is a vote of confidence in the South African economy  and includes1:An ambitious investment plan of more than €500m over five years.Investing more than €250m towards the construction of a new brewery and maltery.Establishing a €20m supplier development fund and contributing €10m towards a localisation and growth fund in South Africa over five years.Creating an Innovation and Research & Development (R&D) hub for the region.Implementing a ‘Tavern Transformation’ programme which will support around 1 000 tavern owners to become licensed  sustainable local enterprises over a five-year period.For additional information on the transaction please refer to our HEINEKEN website (Distell deal).Story continues-ENDS-Press enquiriesSarah Backhouse / Michael FuchsE-mail: pressoffice@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239-355Investor and analyst enquiriesFederico Castillo Martinez / Mark Matthews / Chris SteynE-mail: investors@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239-590About HEINEKENHEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 85 000 employees  we brew the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. Our dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on our Company's website and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter and Instagram.About DistellDistell is Africa’s leading producer of spirits  wines  ciders and ready-to-drinks (RTDs) as well as the world's second-biggest producer of ciders. Some of the company’s top brands include Amarula  Hunter’s  Savanna  4th Street  Klipdrift  Nederburg  Richelieu  Viceroy  and J.C. Le Roux. Distell employs 4500 people worldwide.About Namibia Breweries LimitedEstablished on 29 October 1920  NBL is one of the leading beverage manufacturing companies in Namibia and indeed in Southern Africa. Based in Windhoek  and employing more than 800 people  NBL leads the domestic beer market in Namibia and has significant share of the premium beer category in Southern Africa. Its portfolio includes a range of soft beverages  as well as low and non-alcoholic products. NBL’s beer brands are brewed in strict accordance with the Reinheitsgebot “Purity Law” - which only uses three ingredients: malted barley  hops and water. It’s brands Windhoek Lager  Tafel Lager and Windhoek Draught have earned international recognition for quality and purity. NBL’s products are exported to 19 countries outside of Namibia and South Africa.1 All figures translated into € at today’s current EUR/ZAR rateAttachment",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,positive,0.73,0.22,0.04,True,English,"['Namibia Breweries', 'HEINEKEN Beverages', 'acquisition', 'Distell', 'Dolf van den Brink', 'J.C. Le Roux', 'current EUR/ZAR rate Attachment', 'significant public interest package', 'leading beverage manufacturing companies', '€20m supplier development fund', 'Distell Group Holdings Limited', 'new HEINEKEN majority-owned business', '€150 million operating profit', 'ambitious investment plan', 'R&D) hub', 'sustainable local enterprises', 'Federico Castillo Martinez', 'focused cost management', 'other production facilities', 'overall economic development', 'Tavern Transformation’ programme', 'long-term brand investment', 'Most recent information', '300 international, regional, local', 'domestic beer market', 'significant growth opportunities', 'South African economy', 'HEINEKEN N.V.', 'Namibia Breweries Limited', 'premium beer category', 'HEINEKEN South Africa', 'growth fund', 'significant share', 'new brewery', 'leading developer', 'leading producer', 'African footprint', '1,000 tavern owners', 'additional information', 'international brewer', 'international recognition', 'Heineken® brand', 'non-alcoholic beer', 'Southern Africa', 'combined businesses', 'new company', 'high-quality beverages', 'Executive Board', 'net revenue', 'three entities', 'Competition Authorities', 'five years', 'five-year period', 'Press enquiries', 'Sarah Backhouse', 'Michael Fuchs', 'analyst enquiries', 'Mark Matthews', 'Chris Steyn', 'specialty beers', 'true togetherness', 'sales execution', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'biggest producer', '4th Street', 'soft beverages', 'strict accordance', 'three ingredients', 'malted barley', 'Tafel Lager', 'beer brands', 'HEINEKEN NV', 'HEINEKEN Beverages', 'cider brands', 'top brands', 'Windhoek Lager', 'Windhoek Draught', 'Distell deal', '5,400 talented employees', 'non-alcoholic products', 'Purity Law', 'multi-category portfolio', 'HEINEKEN website', 'Better World', '85,000 employees', 'Amsterdam', '26 April', 'EURONEXT', 'HEIA', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', 'completion', 'acquisition', 'NBL', 'rebranding', 'commitment', 'consumers', 'continent', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'strengths', 'expertise', 'resources', 'jobs', 'agreement', 'vote', 'confidence', 'construction', 'maltery', 'localisation', 'Innovation', 'Research', 'transaction', 'Story', 'ENDS', 'mail', 'pressoffice', 'Investor', 'marketer', 'ciders', 'joy', 'dream', 'future', 'hearts', 'sustainability', 'developed', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'spirits', 'wines', 'drinks', 'RTDs', 'Amarula', 'Hunter', 'Savanna', 'Klipdrift', 'Nederburg', 'Richelieu', 'Viceroy', '4500 people', '29 October', '800 people', 'range', 'low', 'hops', 'water', '19 countries', 'figures', 'today']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23745,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/synergie-announces-publication-financial-annual-172000141.html,SYNERGIE announces the publication of its Financial Annual Report 2022,SYNERGIE announces the publication of its 2022 Financial Report Paris  26 April 2023: SYNERGIE announces that its 2022 Financial Report (French version) is...,SYNERGIESYNERGIE announces the publication of its2022 Financial ReportParis  26 April 2023: SYNERGIE announces that its 2022 Financial Report (French version) is available on its website www.synergie.comAbout SYNERGIEA European specialist in Human Resources Management  SYNERGIE covers all employment-related needs. With a network of 800 agencies in Europe  Canada and Australia  the Group generated a 2022 consolidated turnover of €2.916 million  including more than 57% outside France. The strategy employed by SYNERGIE Group is based on an active organic and external growth policy that is intended to strengthen its positioning as a key European actor.EURONEXT PARIS COMPARTIMENT BISIN: FR0000032658  Mnémo: SDGReuters: SDGI.PA  Bloomberg: SDG:FPwww.synergie.com160 bis rue de Paris - 92100 Boulogne BillancourtSE (European Company) with a capital of 121.810.000€RCS PARIS 329 925 010Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.66,0.33,0.01,True,English,"['Financial Annual Report', 'SYNERGIE', 'publication', 'EURONEXT PARIS COMPARTIMENT B', 'Human Resources Management', 'external growth policy', '92100 Boulogne Billancourt SE', 'key European actor', 'European specialist', 'European Company', '2022 Financial Report', 'French version', 'employment-related needs', '2022 consolidated turnover', 'active organic', 'Mnémo', 'bis rue', 'RCS PARIS', 'SYNERGIE Group', 'publication', '26 April', 'website', 'network', '800 agencies', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'France', 'strategy', 'positioning', 'ISIN', 'SDG', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'capital', 'Attachment']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23746,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tetragon-financial-group-limited-announcement-165600365.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement of Dividend,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement of Dividend,LONDON  April 26  2023 /PRNewswire/ --Dividend Announcement:On 26 April 2023  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$ 0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the first quarter of 2023. The ex-dividend date is 2 May 2023. The record date is 3 May 2023. Payment of the dividend will take place from 26 May 2023.Tetragon's website (www.tetragoninv.com) includes information on Tetragon's Optional Stock Dividend Plan for those shareholders electing to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares. Shareholders may elect to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares by making a dividend share election up to 15 May 2023. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in cash from 26 May 2023.Cash dividends may be received in Sterling by those shareholders making a dividend currency election up to 15 May 2023. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in U.S. dollars from 26 May 2023.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon:Yuko Thomas Investor Relations ir@tetragoninv.com Press Inquiries:Prosek Partners Pro-tetragon@prosek.com U.K. +44 20 3890 9193 U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR  and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.Story continuesCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-announcement-of-dividend-301808556.htmlSOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.15,0.21,0.63,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement', 'Dividend', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Optional Stock Dividend Plan', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. persons', 'alternative investment fund', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'investment manager', 'U.K.', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'Dividend Announcement', 'first quarter', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'voting shares', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'UK version', 'UK law', 'European Union', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'original content', 'Tetragon shares', 'currency election', 'public offer', 'share election', 'Cash dividends', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Board', 'Directors', 'respect', '2 May', '3 May', 'Payment', 'place', '26 May', 'website', 'information', 'shareholders', '15 May', 'Sterling', 'release', 'inside', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'addition', 'investors', 'benefits', 'Section', 'Story', 'Cision', 'multimedia']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23747,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/atari-atari-usa-otc-markets-164500588.html,ATARI: UPDATE ON ATARI USA OTC MARKETS LISTING,UPDATE ON ATARI USA OTC MARKETS LISTING PARIS  FRANCE (April 26  2023 - 6.45 pm CET) - Atari® — one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and...,ATARIUPDATE ON ATARI USA OTC MARKETS LISTINGPARIS  FRANCE (April 26  2023 - 6.45 pm CET) - Atari® — one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and interactive entertainment producers — is announcing today an update with regards to its listing status on OTC Markets in the United States of America (under ticker: PONGF).After review of new rules and regulations adopted in the United States of America and the OTC Markets listing requirements  Atari SA announces that it has received approval from the OTC Markets Group on its application to move to the OTC Pink Current market  effective as of April 26  2023. Atari is now current with required mandatory filings.Atari shares have been listed on US OTC Markets since October 2018 under ticker PONGF.About ATARIAtari is an interactive entertainment company and an iconic gaming industry brand that transcends generations and audiences. The company is globally recognized for its multi-platform  interactive entertainment and licensed products. Atari owns and/or manages a portfolio of more than 200 unique games and franchises  including world-renowned brands like Asteroids®  Centipede®  Missile Command®  Pong®  and RollerCoaster Tycoon®. Atari has offices in New York and Paris. Visit us online at www.Atari.com .Atari shares are listed in France on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN Code FR0010478248  Ticker ALATA) and OTC Markets (Ticker PONGF).©2022 Atari Interactive  Inc. Atari wordmark and logo are trademarks owned by Atari Interactive  Inc.ContactsAtari - Investor RelationsTel + 33 1 83 64 61 57 - investisseur@atari-sa.com | www.atari.com/news/Calyptus – Marie CalleuxTel + 33 1 53 65 68 68 – atari@calyptus.netListing Sponsor – Euroland - Julia BridgerTel +33 1 44 70 20 84 - jbridger@elcorp.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['OTC MARKETS LISTING', 'ATARI USA', 'UPDATE', 'iconic gaming industry brand', 'OTC Pink Current market', 'OTC Markets listing requirements', 'iconic consumer brands', 'OTC Markets Group', 'US OTC Markets', 'interactive entertainment producers', 'multi-platform, interactive entertainment', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'interactive entertainment company', 'listing status', 'Listing Sponsor', 'world-renowned brands', 'United States', 'new rules', 'mandatory filings', 'licensed products', '200 unique games', 'Missile Command', 'RollerCoaster Tycoon', 'New York', 'ISIN Code', 'Investor Relations', 'Marie Calleux', 'Julia Bridger', 'Atari Interactive', 'Ticker ALATA', 'ATARI USA', 'Atari shares', 'Atari wordmark', 'Atari SA', 'Ticker PONGF', 'Atari®', 'UPDATE', 'FRANCE', 'April', 'regards', 'America', 'review', 'regulations', 'approval', 'application', 'October', 'generations', 'audiences', 'portfolio', 'franchises', 'Asteroids®', 'Centipede®', 'offices', 'logo', 'trademarks', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Calyptus', 'Euroland', 'jbridger', 'Attachment', '6.45']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23748,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/highco-q1-2023-gross-profit-155700537.html,Highco: Q1 2023 Gross Profit,Aix-en-Provence  26 April 2023 (6 p.m.) HIGHCO: Q1 2023 BUSINESS GROWTH IN LINE WITH EXPECTATIONS (GP UP +0.5%); 2023 GUIDANCE CONFIRMED Slight business...,HIGHCOAix-en-Provence  26 April 2023 (6 p.m.)HIGHCO: Q1 2023 BUSINESS GROWTH IN LINE WITH EXPECTATIONS (GP UP +0.5%); 2023 GUIDANCE CONFIRMEDSlight business growth in Q1 2023 driven by DigitalQ1 2023 gross profit 1 of €18.9 m  up 0.5% on a reported basis and LFL 2 .Growth in digital businesses (up 1.2% LFL) and slight drop in offline businesses (down 0.8% LFL).Business growth in France (up 1% LFL) and decline in International business (down 2.3% LFL).2023 guidance confirmedStable gross profit and operating margin.2022 Annual Financial Report and Annual General Meeting on 15 May 2023(€ m) 2023 2022 2023/2022Change Q1 Gross Profit1 18.90 18.80 +0.5%1 Unaudited data.2 Like for like: Based on a comparable scope and at constant exchange rates (i.e. applying the average exchange rate over the period to data from the compared period).Didier Chabassieu  Chairman of the Management Board  stated  “HighCo’s start to the year was in line with expectations  with slight growth (0.5%) driven by Digital businesses.The Group continues to support its main clients through innovation  by consistently coming up with concrete solutions to address the new challenges in retail (inflation  gradual phasing-out of paper flyers  etc.).HighCo begins this second quarter with the same approach and confirms its guidance for 2023.”SLIGHT BUSINESS GROWTH IN Q1 2023 DRIVEN BY DIGITALAs expected  HighCo showed slight growth in Q1 2023 and posted a 0.5% increase in gross profit to €18.9 m.Digital was up 1.2% and its share of the Group’s gross profit rose slightly in Q1 2023 to reach 65.9%. Meanwhile  offline businesses fell 0.8% over the quarter.Business growth in France and decline in International businessFRANCEGross Profit (in € m) 2023/2022Change% Totalgross profit2023 2022 Q1 16.30 16.14 +1.0% 86.3%In France  Q1 2023 gross profit increased by 1% to €16.3 m and accounted for 86.3% of the Group’s gross profit.As a result  Digital businesses grew 1.6% in Q1 2023  representing two-thirds of total business activities (66.9%). Offline businesses held up well in France over the quarter (down 0.2%).Story continuesINTERNATIONALGross Profit (in € m) 2023/2022Change% Totalgross profit2023 2022 Q1 2.59 2.65 -2.3% 13.7%International business fell 2.3% in Q1 2023 to €2.59 m and accounted for 13.7% of the Group’s gross profit. The share of Digital in International business rose slightly  representing 59.5% of gross profit for the quarter.In Belgium  as anticipated  gross profit retracted 4%  impacted by the drop in the volume of coupons cleared.With growth of 8.7% and fully digital  business in other countries (Spain and Italy) remained strong and now account for 2% of the Group’s gross profit.2023 GUIDANCE CONFIRMEDGiven the performance reported in Q1 and the slight business growth expected for Q2 (comparable to Q1 reported growth)  the Group has confirmed its guidance for 2023:S table gross profit (2022 gross profit: €77.16 m);Operating margin (headline PBIT/gross profit) of approximately 21% (2022 operating margin: 21.0%).2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT AND 2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGHighCo’s 2022 Universal Registration Document was filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (French financial markets authority) on 21 April 2023 under No. D.23-0318. The document contains the annual financial report and is available on HighCo’s website (www.highco.com)  under Investors > Regulated information > Annual Financial Report.The Annual General Meeting will be held at the head office in Aix-en-Provence on Monday  15 May 2023 at 10.30 a.m. A significantly higher dividend of €0.40 per share with respect to FY 2022 will be proposed at the meeting  with the payment date scheduled for 26 May 2023 (ex-dividend date of 24 May 2023).About HighCoAs an expert marketing and communication  HighCo supports brands and retailers in accelerating the transformation of retail.Listed in compartment C of Euronext Paris  and eligible for SME equity savings plans (“PEA-PME”)  HighCo has more than 500 employees.HighCo has achieved a Gold rating from EcoVadis  meaning that the Group is ranked in the top 5% of companies in terms of CSR performance and responsible purchasing.Your contactsCécile Collina-Hue Nicolas CassarManaging Director Press Relations+33 1 77 75 65 06 +33 4 88 71 35 46comfi@highco.com n.cassar@highco.comUpcoming eventsPublication takes place after market close .Q2 and H1 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  19 July 20232023 Half-year Earnings: Wednesday  13 September 2023Conference call on half-year earnings: Thursday  14 September 2023 at 11 a.m.Q3 and 9-month YTD 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  18 October 2023Q4 2023 Gross Profit: Wednesday  24 January 2024HighCo is a component stock of the indices CAC® Small (CACS)  CAC® Mid&Small (CACMS)  CAC® All-Tradable (CACT)  Euronext® Tech Croissance (FRTPR) and Enternext® PEA-PME 150 (ENPME).ISIN: FR0000054231Reuters: HIGH.PABloomberg: HCO FPFor further financial information and press releases  go to www.highco.comThis English translation is for the convenience of English-speaking readers. Consequently  the translation may not be relied upon to sustain any legal claim  nor should it be used as the basis of any legal opinion. HighCo expressly disclaims all liability for any inaccuracy herein.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.08,0.47,True,English,"['Gross Profit', 'Highco', 'Q1', 'Cécile Collina-Hue Nicolas Cassar', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'SME equity savings plans', 'French financial markets authority', 'Managing Director Press Relations', 'S table gross profit', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Change Q1 Gross Profit1', '2023 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', '2022 Annual Financial Report', 'constant exchange rates', 'average exchange rate', 'Upcoming events Publication', 'Euronext® Tech Croissance', 'headline PBIT/gross profit', 'total business activities', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'Stable gross profit', 'CAC® Mid&Small', 'Slight business growth', 'Q1 2023 gross profit', 'compartment C', 'financial information', 'press releases', '22 gross profit', 'slight growth', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC® Small', 'The Group', 'International business', 'slight drop', 'offline businesses', 'operating margin', 'comparable scope', 'Didier Chabassieu', 'Management Board', 'main clients', 'concrete solutions', 'new challenges', 'gradual phasing', 'paper flyers', 'same approach', 'other countries', 'Regulated information', 'head office', 'higher dividend', 'payment date', 'ex-dividend date', 'expert marketing', 'Gold rating', 'responsible purchasing', '2023 Half-year Earnings', 'Conference call', '9-month YTD', 'component stock', 'HCO FP', '1 Unaudited data', 'CSR performance', 'Enternext® PEA-PME', 'digital businesses', 'second quarter', '2023 GUIDANCE CONFIRMED', 'HIGHCO', 'Provence', '26 April', 'EXPECTATIONS', 'basis', 'LFL', 'France', 'decline', '15 May', 'period', 'Chairman', 'start', 'innovation', 'retail', 'inflation', '0.5% increase', 'share', 'result', 'two-thirds', 'Story', 'Belgium', 'volume', 'coupons', 'Spain', 'Italy', 'Q2', '21 April', 'No.', 'website', 'Investors', 'Monday', '10.30 a', 'respect', 'FY', '26 May', '24 May', 'communication', 'brands', 'transformation', '500 employees', 'EcoVadis', 'companies', 'terms', 'contacts', 'place', 'H1', 'Wednesday', 'September', 'Thursday', '11 a', 'Q3', 'Q4', 'January', 'indices', 'CACS', 'CACMS', 'Tradable', 'CACT', 'FRTPR', 'ENPME', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', '65', '€']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23749,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-enhances-digital-marketing-offering-081900449.html,VEON Enhances Digital Marketing Offering with AdTech Business,VEON AdTech headquarters opens in Uzbekistan to support VEON operators in addressing USD 1.3 billion market opportunity Amsterdam  26 April 2023 – VEON Ltd. ...,VEON Ltd.VEON AdTech headquarters opens in Uzbekistan to supportVEON operators in addressing USD 1.3 billion market opportunityAmsterdam  26 April 2023 – VEON Ltd. (Nasdaq: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  has incorporated a dedicated adtech company  wholly owned by the VEON Group  to offer digital marketing services supporting VEON Group companies in addressing the growing digital advertising opportunity in VEON markets.With its headquarters in Tashkent  Uzbekistan  VEON AdTech will work with VEON’s digital operators and support the VEON Group in providing highly targeted digital marketing services based on machine-learning algorithms  building on VEON companies’ proximity to their customers. The advertising spend on digital advertising in the countries where VEON operates is estimated to exceed USD 1.3 billion in 20231.“The digital advertising market offers significant potential for our Group to build on the success of our digital operator strategy ” explains Kaan Terzioglu  CEO of VEON Group. “Each one of our companies already has a strong portfolio of customer-facing digital assets. With increasing capabilities in adtech  our digital operators can support the growth of the local economies in our markets  bringing together businesses and end-users in meaningful  targeted ways.”VEON AdTech will employ a dedicated technology team  which will provide a central software development role supporting VEON Group companies and manage VEON’s core AdTech intellectual property portfolio. The choice of Uzbekistan as VEON AdTech’s headquarters reflects the progress of the country in developing a technology-based economy as part of its Digital Uzbekistan 2030 vision  and will further help to develop programming and data skills within the country.“Uzbekistan is rapidly becoming an advanced digital economy and a tech hub for Central Asia ” says Andrzej Malinowski  CEO of Beeline Uzbekistan. “Over the course of the past two years  Beeline Uzbekistan supported this transformation with its customer-facing digital services  the growth of BeeLab  university partnerships  hackathons and upskilling programs. We are thrilled to welcome VEON AdTech in Uzbekistan  which will both benefit from the technology skills here  and support the further development of a wider  highly skilled digital workforce.”Story continuesSince 2022  the VEON Group’s digital operators have accelerated their digital advertising capabilities  partnering with both local and leading international brands. “The formation of a dedicated business division will further boost the deployment of VEON Group’s adtech capabilities and the creation of new services ” states George Held  General Manager of VEON AdTech. “In 2022  our digital operators across the Group have demonstrated their capability to serve leading global and local brands with digital advertising  building on the robust architecture and audience potential of our digital assets. Given the direct relationship we have with our customers  we are perfectly positioned to help advertisers  big and small  reach their target markets and support the growth of local economies in doing so.”VEON AdTech’s digital marketing services will be built on VEON’s MobileID technology that provides enhanced privacy and security to consumers. The developments by the company will ensure that consumers remain protected via straightforward permission-based controls to opt out of data tracking and stop unwanted ads. All advertising campaign data will be processed within each operating country to enhance consumer protection and also to develop the local data skills and digital expertise.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to nearly 160 million customers in six dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s digital marketing initiatives. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. There can be no assurance that the initiatives referred to above will be successful.Contact informationVEONSenior Communications ManagerAnna Ivanova-Galitsinapr@veon.comTUVA PartnersManaging PartnerJulian TannerJulian.tanner@tuvapartners.com1 According to latest available market estimates on Statista  the combined volume of ad spending in digital advertising in Bangladesh  Kazakhstan  Uzbekistan and Pakistan is projected to reach USD 1.3 billion; with Ukraine estimated to have a further USD 443 million potential.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.13,0.39,True,English,"['Digital Marketing Offering', 'AdTech Business', 'VEON', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'wider, highly skilled digital workforce', 'core AdTech intellectual property portfolio', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'USD 1.3 billion market opportunity', 'central software development role', 'growing digital advertising opportunity', 'targeted digital marketing services', 'meaningful, targeted ways', 'digital marketing initiatives', 'past two years', 'dedicated business division', 'straightforward permission-based controls', 'digital advertising market', 'digital operator strategy', 'greater digital inclusion', 'customer-facing digital services', 'global digital operator', 'customer-facing digital assets', 'dedicated technology team', 'advanced digital economy', 'advertising campaign data', 'leading international brands', 'six dynamic markets', 'Digital Uzbekistan 2030 vision', 'digital advertising capabilities', 'dedicated adtech company', 'VEON companies’ proximity', 'local data skills', 'VEON Group companies', 'VEON AdTech headquarters', 'strong portfolio', 'leading global', 'Central Asia', 'digital operators', 'digital expertise', 'online services', 'new services', 'adtech capabilities', 'technology skills', 'technology-based economy', 'local brands', 'data tracking', 'increasing capabilities', 'MobileID technology', 'converged connectivity', 'machine-learning algorithms', 'significant potential', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'local economies', 'Andrzej Malinowski', 'Beeline Uzbekistan', 'university partnerships', 'upskilling programs', 'George Held', 'General Manager', 'robust architecture', 'audience potential', 'direct relationship', 'target markets', 'enhanced privacy', 'unwanted ads', 'consumer protection', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'VEON Ltd', 'VEON operators', 'VEON markets', 'unanticipated events', 'operating country', '160 million customers', 'economic growth', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', 'Nasdaq', 'Tashkent', 'countries', 'success', 'CEO', 'businesses', 'end-users', 'choice', 'progress', 'programming', 'hub', 'course', 'transformation', 'BeeLab', 'hackathons', 'Story', 'deployment', 'creation', 'capability', 'advertisers', 'security', 'consumers', 'developments', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'world', 'population', 'information', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'Section', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', '26']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23750,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/oddo-bhf-initiates-coverage-sidetrade-060700929.html,Oddo BHF initiates coverage of Sidetrade,Global AI-powered Order-to-Cash platform  Sidetrade  announced an agreement with the pan-European broker and investment bank Oddo BHF to strengthen its...,"SidetradeGlobal AI-powered Order-to-Cash platform  Sidetrade   announced an agreement with the pan-European broker and investment bank Oddo BHF to strengthen its visibility on international stock markets.Oddo BHF initiated coverage of Sidetrade with an ‘Outperform’ rating and a target price of EUR 188 based on 1/a qualitative positioning in a buoyant context for Order-to-Cash solutions  2/its recognized Cloud/SaaS technology  3/a solid business model  and 4/the means to meet its ambitions of joining the 'Centaur' club further out.Oddo BHF’s report  titled ‘It always pays off in the end’  is available from Oddo BHF or on:https://www.sidetrade.com/company/investors/ .Matthias Desmarais  Head of Equities  Oddo BHF Corporates & Markets  commented: ""We are delighted to support Sidetrade in its stockmarket adventure. Its history resonates with the DNA of the ODDO BHF Group  and its positioning is perfectly in line with our strategic priorities.""Oddo BHF is present in the main financial markets  notably Paris  Frankfurt  Zurich  Geneva  Hong Kong and New York. With offices in more than ten countries throughout Europe  Asia and America  Oddo BHF provides Sidetrade with international coverage.Oddo BHF will regularly issue research reports on Sidetrade in line with business developments for the company and will organize meetings with targeted investors.Sidetrade is also followed by the Gilbert Dupont (Société Générale Group) broker  which initiated coverage of Sidetrade in July 2009  as well as by TP ICAP Midcap since October 2020.* All reports on Sidetrade prepared by analysts represent the opinions of those analysts and not necessarily those of Sidetrade. The information in such reports does not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to any security in France  Europe  the United States  or any other country.Next financial announcementFirst quarter 2023 revenue: May 10  2023 (after market)Investor & Media relationsChristelle Dhrif +33 6 10 46 72 00 cdhrif@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade ( www.sidetrade.com )Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides a SaaS platform dedicated to securing and accelerating cash flow. Sidetrade’s next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  analyzes $4.6 trillion worth of B2B payment transactions daily in the Sidetrade Cloud to predict customer payment behavior and the attrition risk of more than 21 million companies worldwide. Aimie recommends the best cash collection strategies  intelligently automates actions on the Order-to-Cash process  and dematerializes customer transactions to enhance productivity  performance and working capital management.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 300 talented employees based in Paris  London  Birmingham  Dublin  Houston  and Calgary  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Tech Data  Expedia Criteo  DXC  Veolia  Inmarsat  and Biffa.Sidetrade is now a participant of the United Nations Global Compact and adheres to its principles-based approach to responsible business.For further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow us on Twitter @Sidetrade.Story continuesIn the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the French version is to be taken into account.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.2,0.3,True,English,"['Oddo BHF', 'coverage', 'Sidetrade', 'Société Générale Group) broker', 'best cash collection strategies', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'ODDO BHF Group', 'TP ICAP Midcap', 'Next financial announcement', 'First quarter 2023 revenue', 'working capital management', 'B2B payment transactions', 'customer payment behavior', 'solid business model', 'main financial markets', '1/a qualitative positioning', 'international stock markets', 'Oddo BHF Corporates', 'Global AI-powered Order', 'pan-European broker', 'United States', 'customer transactions', 'global reach', 'global businesses', 'Cash platform', 'Cash solutions', 'cash flow', 'Cash process', 'business developments', 'responsible business', 'investment bank', 'Outperform’ rating', 'target price', 'buoyant context', 'Cloud/SaaS technology', ""Centaur' club"", 'Matthias Desmarais', 'stockmarket adventure', 'strategic priorities', 'Hong Kong', 'New York', 'Gilbert Dupont', 'other country', 'Media relations', 'Christelle Dhrif', 'Euronext Growth', 'SaaS platform', 'next-generation AI', '$4.6 trillion worth', 'attrition risk', '21 million companies', '300 talented employees', 'Tech Data', 'principles-based approach', 'English versions', 'press release', 'international coverage', 'ten countries', 'targeted investors', 'French version', 'research reports', 'Sidetrade Cloud', '85 countries', 'agreement', 'visibility', '2/its', 'ambitions', 'end', 'Head', 'Equities', 'history', 'DNA', 'line', 'Paris', 'Frankfurt', 'Zurich', 'Geneva', 'offices', 'Asia', 'America', 'company', 'meetings', 'July', 'October', 'analysts', 'opinions', 'information', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'security', 'France', 'May', 'ALBFR', 'Aimie', 'productivity', 'performance', 'London', 'Birmingham', 'Dublin', 'Houston', 'Calgary', 'Expedia', 'Criteo', 'DXC', 'Veolia', 'Inmarsat', 'Biffa', 'participant', 'Twitter', 'event', 'discrepancy', 'account', 'Attachment']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23751,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-delivery-shares-193000285.html,DSM - delivery of shares,Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  DSM and DSM-Firmenich are required to announce transactions in relation to the ordinary shares...,THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT FOR GENERAL RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE SUCH RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD VIOLATE APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONSThis is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (DSM) in connection with the voluntary public exchange offer by DSM-Firmenich AG (DSM-Firmenich) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the share capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer)  pursuant to Section 13  paragraphs 1 and 2  and Section 17  paragraph 3  of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft (the Decree). The Exchange Offer is not being made  and the DSM ordinary shares will not be accepted for purchase from or on behalf of any holder of DSM ordinary shares  in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Exchange Offer or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws or regulations of such jurisdiction or would require any registration  approval or filing with any regulatory authority not expressly contemplated by the terms of the offering circular in relation to the Exchange Offer dated 22 November 2022 (the Offering Circular).HEERLEN  Netherlands  April 26  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  DSM and DSM-Firmenich are required to announce transactions in relation to the ordinary shares in their respective share capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules.DSM Logo.With reference to the Offering Circular (in particular sections 11.16 (Long-term incentive plans) and 13.7 (Principal terms of the Business Combination Agreement))  DSM has during the Acceptance Period tendered in the Exchange Offer 662 616 DSM ordinary Shares held in treasury in order to be able to fulfill its obligations under the respective DSM Incentive Plans after the Settlement Date. Upon Settlement  DSM received 662 616 DSM-Firmenich Ordinary shares in exchange for the aforementioned DSM Ordinary Shares tendered in the Exchange Offer.Story continuesPursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 26 April 2023 delivered 15 765 DSM-Firmenich ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of an equivalent number of stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €52.73).At the date hereof  DSM holds a total of 624 313 DSM-Firmenich ordinary shares (in order to be able to fulfill its obligations under the respective DSM Incentive Plans)  representing approximately 0.4142% of the DSM-Firmenich ordinary shares.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301808636.html,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.2,0.5,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'voluntary public exchange offer', 'Long-term incentive plans', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'Business Combination Agreement', 'English language version', 'respective share capital', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', '662,616 DSM-Firmenich Ordinary shares', '15,765 DSM-Firmenich ordinary shares', '624,313 DSM-Firmenich ordinary shares', 'DSM ordinary shares', 'global, purpose-led company', 'The Exchange Offer', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'DSM-Firmenich AG', 'Royal DSM', 'UNITED STATES', 'APPLICABLE LAWS', 'biedingen Wft', 'other laws', 'regulatory authority', 'offering circular', 'particular sections', 'equivalent number', 'stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'original content', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'GENERAL RELEASE', 'DSM Logo', 'Principal terms', 'Acceptance Period', 'Forward-looking statements', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'More information', 'Settlement Date', 'Such statements', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'REGULATIONS', 'connection', 'paragraphs', 'purchase', 'behalf', 'holder', 'making', 'compliance', 'securities', 'registration', 'approval', 'filing', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'reference', 'treasury', 'order', 'obligations', 'Story', 'commitments', 'employees', 'view', 'total', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'customers', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'Cision', 'prnewswire', 'news-releases']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23752,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2654644/0/en/Early-redemption-of-tier-2-capital.html,Early redemption of tier 2 capital,Nasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock Exchange        Euronext DublinOther stakeholders    Date 26 April 2023    Early redemption of tier 2 capital    As part...,English DanishNasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock ExchangeEuronext DublinOther stakeholdersDate 26 April 2023Early redemption of tier 2 capitalAs part of the bank’s ongoing capital planning  the board of directors has decided in favour of an early redemption of the tier 2 capital of DKK 500 million issued on 13 June 2018 (ISIN: DK0030421110).The bank has obtained the Danish FSA’s approval of the early redemption  which will take place on 13 June 2023.Refinancing of the tier 2 capital to be redeemed was already in place in the fourth quarter of 2021 in connection with the issue of new tier 2 capital  totalling DKK 500 million  with maturity in January 2032  and if approved by the Danish FSA  the option of early redemption from January 2027.Yours sincerelyRingkjøbing LandbobankJohn FiskerCEOAttachment,positive,0.62,0.36,0.02,positive,0.69,0.28,0.04,True,English,"['Early redemption', 'tier 2 capital', 'John Fisker CEO Attachment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Other stakeholders Date', 'Ringkjøbing Landbobank', 'ongoing capital planning', 'new tier 2 capital', 'English Danish', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Early redemption', 'Danish FSA', 'fourth quarter', 'April', 'part', 'board', 'directors', 'favour', 'DKK', '13 June', 'ISIN', 'approval', 'place', 'Refinancing', 'connection', 'issue', 'maturity', 'January', 'option']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23753,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2654679/0/en/Transfer-of-Nicox-s-shares-to-Euronext-Growth-Paris-effective-on-April-28-2023.html,Transfer of Nicox’s shares to Euronext Growth Paris effective on April 28  2023,Press Release   Transfer of Nicox’s shares to Euronext Growth Paris effective on April 28  2023   April 26  2023 – release at 9:00 am CETSophia...,English FrenchPress ReleaseTransfer of Nicox’s shares to Euronext Growth Paris effective on April 28  2023April 26  2023 – release at 9:00 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  COX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced that the transfer of the listing of the securities issued by the Company from the Euronext Paris regulated market (compartment C) to the Euronext Growth Paris multilateral trading facility (the “Transfer”)  will be effective as from the trading session of April 28  2023.The application for the Transfer was approved by the Euronext Listing Board on April 24  2023.As of April 28  2023  the new mnemonic code of Nicox’s shares will be ALCOX. The ISIN code remains unchanged: FR0013018124.This operation aims to allow the Company to have its securities admitted to trading on a market more commensurate with its size and market capitalization. Indeed  the Transfer to Euronext Growth enables the Company to reduce its obligations and constraints and  as a result  reduce the costs associated with its listing  while maintaining the shares’ tradability on a financial market.The Company will continue to provide accurate  precise and truthful information  by disclosing any privileged information concerning the Company to the public  in accordance with the European Regulation on Market Abuse (“MAR”). The provisions of the MAR Regulation will also remain fully applicable to the Company  with respect to the disclosure of transfers of securities by directors.The Information Document relating to the Transfer is available on the Company's website www.nicox.com  in the Investors section.The Company is assisted by Bryan  Garnier & Co. as Listing Sponsor in connection with the Transfer.Definitive timetable for the transfer of listing marketDate Operation April 26  2023 Publication of a Euronext notice announcing the delisting of Nicox’s shares from Euronext ParisPublication of a Euronext notice announcing the listing of Nicox’s shares to Euronext Growth ParisDissemination of a press release by the Company and online publication of the Information Document on the Company's and Euronext’s website April 28  2023 before market opening Delisting of the Company's shares from the Euronext Paris regulated market and admission of the Company's shares to the multilateral trading facility Euronext Growth ParisAbout NicoxNicox SA is an international ophthalmology company developing innovative solutions to help maintain vision and improve ocular health. Nicox’s lead program in clinical development is NCX 470  a novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost  for lowering intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. The company is also conducting research on NCX 1728  a nitric oxide-donating phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor  in retinal conditions. NCX 4251  a novel  patented  ophthalmic suspension of fluticasone propionate nanocrystals for topical ocular application for dry eye disease  is being developed by Ocumension Therapeutics in China under an exclusive license agreement and is available for partnering elsewhere. Nicox generates revenue from 2 out-licensed products; VYZULTA® in glaucoma  and ZERVIATE® in allergic conjunctivitis  licensed in multiple geographies  including to Eyevance Pharmaceuticals  LLC (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Santen Pharmaceutical Co.  Ltd.)  in the U.S. and Ocumension Therapeutics in the Chinese and in the majority of Southeast Asian markets.Nicox  headquartered in Sophia Antipolis  France  is listed on Euronext Paris (Compartiment C: Mid Caps;Ticker symbol: COX) and is part of the CAC Healthcare index.For more information on Nicox  its products or pipeline  please visit: www.nicox.com.Analyst coverageBryan  Garnier & Co Eric Yoo Paris  FranceEdison Investment Research Pooya Hemami London  UKH.C. Wainwright & Co Yi Chen New York  U.S.Kepler Cheuvreux Arsene Guekam Paris  FranceThe views expressed by analysts in their coverage of Nicox are those of the author and do not reflect the views of Nicox. Additionally  the information contained in their reports may not be correct or current. Nicox disavows any obligation to correct or to update the information contained in analyst reports.NicoxGavin SpencerExecutive Vice President  Chief Business Officer& Head of Corporate DevelopmentT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00communications@nicox.comForward-Looking StatementsThe information contained in this document may be modified without prior notice. This information includes forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These statements are based on current expectations or beliefs of the management of Nicox S.A. and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Nicox S.A. and its affiliates  directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents  do not undertake  nor do they have any obligation  to provide updates or to revise any forward-looking statements.Risks factors which are likely to have a material effect on Nicox’s business are presented in the 3rd chapter of the ‘Document d’enregistrement universel  rapport financier annuel et rapport de gestion 2021’ filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on April 29  2022  in its first amendment filed with the AMF on May 19  2022  in the 2nd chapter of its second amendment filed with the AMF on November 22  2022 and in the 2nd chapter of the Securities note filed with the AMF on November 22  2022 which are available on Nicox’s website (www.nicox.com)Nicox S.A.Drakkar 2Bât D  2405 route des Dolines06560 Valbonne  FranceT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00F +33 (0)4 97 24 53 99Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.13,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Paris', 'Transfer', 'Nicox', 'shares', 'April', 'Gavin Spencer Executive Vice President', 'Co Yi Chen New York', 'Euronext Growth Paris multilateral trading facility', 'novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost', 'nitric oxide-donating phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor', 'novel, patented, ophthalmic suspension', 'Co Eric Yoo Paris', 'Euronext Paris regulated market', 'France Edison Investment Research', 'new mnemonic code', 'Arsene Guekam Paris', 'Santen Pharmaceutical Co.', 'fluticasone propionate nanocrystals', 'dry eye disease', 'exclusive license agreement', 'Southeast Asian markets', 'CAC Healthcare index', 'Pooya Hemami London', 'Chief Business Officer', 'H.C. Wainwright', 'market opening Delisting', 'Euronext Listing Board', 'listing market Date', 'topical ocular application', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'international ophthalmology company', 'Nicox S.A.', 'Analyst coverage Bryan', 'trading session', 'Euronext notice', 'market capitalization', 'financial market', 'Market Abuse', 'ISIN code', 'U.S.', 'compartment C', 'ocular health', 'ocular hypertension', 'Compartiment C', 'English French', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'accurate, precise', 'European Regulation', 'Investors section', 'Definitive timetable', 'innovative solutions', 'lead program', 'clinical development', 'intraocular pressure', 'retinal conditions', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'allergic conjunctivitis', 'multiple geographies', 'Eyevance Pharmaceuticals', 'owned subsidiary', 'Mid Caps', 'Ticker symbol', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'analyst reports', 'Corporate Development', 'prior notice', 'future performance', 'current expectations', 'actual results', 'Listing Sponsor', 'Press Release', 'MAR Regulation', 'open-angle glaucoma', '2 out-licensed products', 'truthful information', 'privileged information', 'Nicox SA', 'online publication', 'shares’ tradability', 'Information Document', 'The Company', 'Transfer', 'April', 'CET', 'securities', 'ALCOX', 'operation', 'size', 'obligations', 'constraints', 'costs', 'accordance', 'provisions', 'respect', 'disclosure', 'directors', 'website', 'Garnier', 'connection', 'Dissemination', 'NCX', 'patients', 'China', 'revenue', 'VYZULTA®', 'ZERVIATE®', 'Chinese', 'majority', 'pipeline', 'UK', 'views', 'analysts', 'author', 'Head', 'guarantees', 'beliefs', 'management', 'number', 'factors', 'uncertainties', 'affiliates', 'officers', 'employees', 'advisers', 'agents', 'updates', '9:00', '4']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23754,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALUMEXX-N-V-35033270/news/Alumexx-N-Alumexx-tekent-bezwaar-aan-tegen-de-listing-procedure-Euronext-43645123/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Alumexx N : Alumexx tekent bezwaar aan tegen de-listing procedure Euronext,(marketscreener.com) Alumexx N.V.   Alumexx N.V.    Below you will find information from the register publication of inside information. The information has been provided by the organisation.     Registration date26 apr 2023 - 08:27   Statutory…,(marketscreener.com) Alumexx N.V.   Alumexx N.V.    Below you will find information from the register publication of inside information. The information has been provided by the organisation.     Registration date26 apr 2023 - 08:27   Statutory…,neutral,0.0,0.86,0.14,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Alumexx tekent bezwaar', 'Alumexx N', 'listing procedure', 'tegen', 'Euronext', 'Alumexx N.V.', 'register publication', 'Registration date26', 'inside information', 'organisation', 'Statutory']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23755,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/huma-ucb-partner-digital-health-060000811.html,Huma and UCB partner to provide digital health solution to improve management of the rare disease  Myasthenia gravis,"Huma Therapeutics (""Huma"")  a leading global digital health company  and UCB  a global biopharmaceutical company  are partnering to offer a digital...","Project aims to improve patient outcomes through better clinical management of disease exacerbations using self-reported dataExciting opportunity to improve education and empowerment and for patients to be active participants in their own careHuma's EU MDR Class IIb regulated Software as Medical Device technology will advance proactive  predictive  personalised care for people with a rare diseaseNEW YORK and LONDON  April 26  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Huma Therapeutics (""Huma"")  a leading global digital health company  and UCB  a global biopharmaceutical company  are partnering to offer a digital technology solution to help patients with the rare disease  Myasthenia gravis (MG)  better understand and manage their condition with the support of their clinician. The digital platform is launching in Europe ahead of international expansion.Huma LogoThe technology platform is founded on Huma's EU MDR Class IIb regulated Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) - the only disease agnostic SaMD to receive this level of EU MDR regulatory classification to-date. It will provide patients with access to MG-specific  trusted educational materials  and the ability to report and track their symptoms over time using the MG-Activities of Daily Living Scale (MG-ADL)[1]. These data are shared with clinicians through a web-based dashboard to detect exacerbations in symptoms early and intervene where necessary. Identifying exacerbation triggers will support proactive clinical decision-making and should improve patient experience. Patients can download summary reports of their health data to discuss with their clinician to maximise in-person consultations.Dan Vahdat  CEO and Founder of Huma  said: ""There has been a huge growth in drug development for rare diseases and creating treatments for this population requires a greater degree of personalisation  which is exactly what our digital health platform provides. Our new classification of Class IIb level regulation means that we can work more collaboratively and in a shorter time frame with our pharma partners to launch solutions with predictive algorithms that can have a major impact for patients at the individual level  that's why our approach is revolutionary. We're excited to partner with UCB and be able to bring benefit to rare disease patients again  which is where we began when the company launched over a decade ago.""Story continuesThe partnership is part of UCB's approach to offer a patient-centred approach to transform the way care is delivered to rare disease populations in a meaningful  tangible  and real-world setting.Charl van Zyl  Executive Vice President Neurology & Head Of Europe/International Markets at UCB  said: ""UCB is working to enable people with rare diseases to live the best life that they can. Symptoms of Myasthenia gravis can vary greatly and each person experiences the disease in a uniquely personal way. We believe that innovations in digital health solutions can offer the necessary personalised support  education  and resources for each patient.""Colin Lake  Vice President  Head of Digital Care Transformation  Neurology  Head of Digital Rare Disease UCB  said: ""This digital solution is an important first step in demonstrating UCB's commitment to the rare disease community. We are beginning in Myasthenia gravis and we have the ambition to expand to other rare diseases. We're delighted to work with Huma as we believe that partnerships are key to creating the best-in-class patient experience for patients across the rare disease community.""About HumaHuma Therapeutics is a global digital health technology company that advances digital-first care delivery and research to help people live longer  fuller lives. Huma's award-winning modular platforms are used by more than 3 000 hospitals and clinics  with 1.8+ million active users in healthcare and 650 000+ participants across research. Huma's regulated Software as a Medical Device is the only disease agnostic platform to hold EU MDR Class IIb certification status. It powers:Digital first care for health systemscompanion apps to support patients through treatment and drug therapiesvirtual clinical trials to accelerate researchPlease visit www.huma.com and follow us on LinkedIn at HumaAbout UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium (www.ucb.com) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or the central nervous system. With approximately 8 700 people in approximately 40 countries  the company generated revenue of € 5.5 billion in 2022. UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB).Media contacts:Contact (Huma):Karen Birmingham PhDHead of PR & Communications  Humakaren.birmingham@huma.comContact (UCB):Jim BaxterBrand Communications  Rare DiseasesT+32.2.473.78.85.01jim.baxter@ucb.com[1] Talking  chewing  breathing  swallowing  impaired ability to brush teeth or comb hair  impaired ability to rise from a chair  double vision  eyelid droop.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1427908/Huma_Logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/huma-and-ucb-partner-to-provide-digital-health-solution-to-improve-management-of-the-rare-disease-myasthenia-gravis-301806815.htmlSOURCE HUMA Therapeutics",neutral,0.06,0.76,0.19,mixed,0.59,0.17,0.24,True,English,"['digital health solution', 'UCB partner', 'rare disease', 'Myasthenia gravis', 'Huma', 'management', 'EU MDR Class IIb certification status', 'EU MDR Class IIb regulated Software', 'leading global digital health company', 'EU MDR regulatory classification', 'global digital health technology company', 'Class IIb level regulation', 'MG-specific, trusted educational materials', '1.8+ million active users', 'proactive, predictive, personalised care', 'Executive Vice President Neurology', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Digital Rare Disease UCB', 'proactive clinical decision-making', 'digital health platform', 'digital technology solution', 'Daily Living Scale', 'Charl van Zyl', 'important first step', 'award-winning modular platforms', 'Digital Care Transformation', 'Digital first care', 'virtual clinical trials', 'necessary personalised support', 'digital-first care delivery', 'central nervous system', 'digital health solutions', 'rare disease populations', 'rare disease community', 'shorter time frame', 'disease agnostic platform', 'Medical Device technology', 'other rare diseases', 'Karen Birmingham PhD', 'rare disease patients', 'digital platform', 'digital solution', 'technology platform', 'health systems', 'active participants', 'health data', 'new classification', 'predictive algorithms', 'clinical management', 'immune system', 'individual level', 'severe diseases', 'Exciting opportunity', 'NEW YORK', 'Myasthenia gravis', 'international expansion', 'web-based dashboard', 'exacerbation triggers', 'summary reports', 'Dan Vahdat', 'huge growth', 'greater degree', 'major impact', 'real-world setting', 'International Markets', 'best life', 'Colin Lake', '650,000+ participants', 'companion apps', 'innovative medicines', 'Media contacts', 'double vision', 'eyelid droop', 'disease exacerbations', 'patient outcomes', 'patient experience', 'self-reported data', 'person consultations', 'personal way', 'fuller lives', 'drug therapies', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Brand Communications', 'patient-centred approach', 'impaired ability', 'Huma Therapeutics', 'Huma Logo', 'Jim Baxter', 'Project', 'better', 'empowerment', 'people', 'LONDON', 'April', 'condition', 'clinician', 'Europe', 'SaMD', 'access', 'symptoms', 'MG-Activities', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'development', 'treatments', 'personalisation', 'partners', 'benefit', 'Story', 'Head', 'innovations', 'resources', 'commitment', 'ambition', 'research', '3,000 hospitals', 'clinics', 'healthcare', 'LinkedIn', 'Belgium', 'discovery', '40 countries', 'revenue', 'symbol', 'teeth', 'hair']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23756,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2654654/0/en/HEINEKEN-successfully-completes-acquisition-of-Distell-and-Namibia-Breweries-to-create-HEINEKEN-Beverages.html,HEINEKEN successfully completes acquisition of Distell and Namibia Breweries to create HEINEKEN Beverages,Amsterdam  26 April 2023 - HEINEKEN N.V. ('HEINEKEN') (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) has announced the completion of its acquisition of Distell Group Holdings Limited (‘Distell’) and Namibia Breweries Limited (‘NBL’)  which have been combined with HEINEKEN So…,"Amsterdam  26 April 2023 - HEINEKEN N.V. ('HEINEKEN') (EURONEXT: HEIA; OTCQX: HEINY) has announced the completion of its acquisition of Distell Group Holdings Limited (‘Distell’) and Namibia Breweries Limited (‘NBL’)  which have been combined with HEINEKEN South Africa into a new HEINEKEN majority-owned business to capture significant growth opportunities in Southern Africa.The combined businesses will be known as ‘HEINEKEN Beverages’ – the rebranding reflects the new company’s multi-category portfolio and commitment to deliver high-quality beverages to consumers across the continent.HEINEKEN’s CEO and Chairman of the Executive Board Dolf van den Brink said: “We are delighted to welcome over 5 400 talented employees of Distell and Namibia Breweries into HEINEKEN and look forward to adding more than €1 billion in net revenue and €150 million operating profit to our African footprint. By combining the strengths of all three entities  we can leverage our expertise and resources to foster growth  create jobs  and contribute to the overall economic development of the region.”Following agreement with the Competition Authorities in South Africa  HEINEKEN Beverages will now move ahead with a significant public interest package which is a vote of confidence in the South African economy  and includes1:An ambitious investment plan of more than €500m over five years.Investing more than €250m towards the construction of a new brewery and maltery.Establishing a €20m supplier development fund and contributing €10m towards a localisation and growth fund in South Africa over five years.Creating an Innovation and Research & Development (R&D) hub for the region.Implementing a ‘Tavern Transformation’ programme which will support around 1 000 tavern owners to become licensed  sustainable local enterprises over a five-year period.For additional information on the transaction please refer to our HEINEKEN website (Distell deal).-ENDS-Press enquiriesSarah Backhouse / Michael FuchsE-mail: pressoffice@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239-355Investor and analyst enquiriesFederico Castillo Martinez / Mark Matthews / Chris SteynE-mail: investors@heineken.comTel: +31-20-5239-590About HEINEKENHEINEKEN is the world's most international brewer. It is the leading developer and marketer of premium and non-alcoholic beer and cider brands. Led by the Heineken® brand  the Group has a portfolio of more than 300 international  regional  local and specialty beers and ciders. With HEINEKEN’s over 85 000 employees  we brew the joy of true togetherness to inspire a better world. Our dream is to shape the future of beer and beyond to win the hearts of consumers. We are committed to innovation  long-term brand investment  disciplined sales execution and focused cost management. Through ""Brew a Better World""  sustainability is embedded in the business. HEINEKEN has a well-balanced geographic footprint with leadership positions in both developed and developing markets. We operate breweries  malteries  cider plants and other production facilities in more than 70 countries. Most recent information is available on our Company's website and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter and Instagram.About DistellDistell is Africa’s leading producer of spirits  wines  ciders and ready-to-drinks (RTDs) as well as the world's second-biggest producer of ciders. Some of the company’s top brands include Amarula  Hunter’s  Savanna  4th Street  Klipdrift  Nederburg  Richelieu  Viceroy  and J.C. Le Roux. Distell employs 4500 people worldwide.About Namibia Breweries LimitedEstablished on 29 October 1920  NBL is one of the leading beverage manufacturing companies in Namibia and indeed in Southern Africa. Based in Windhoek  and employing more than 800 people  NBL leads the domestic beer market in Namibia and has significant share of the premium beer category in Southern Africa. Its portfolio includes a range of soft beverages  as well as low and non-alcoholic products. NBL’s beer brands are brewed in strict accordance with the Reinheitsgebot “Purity Law” - which only uses three ingredients: malted barley  hops and water. It’s brands Windhoek Lager  Tafel Lager and Windhoek Draught have earned international recognition for quality and purity. NBL’s products are exported to 19 countries outside of Namibia and South Africa.1 All figures translated into € at today’s current EUR/ZAR rateAttachment",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['Namibia Breweries', 'HEINEKEN Beverages', 'acquisition', 'Distell', 'Dolf van den Brink', 'J.C. Le Roux', 'current EUR/ZAR rate Attachment', 'significant public interest package', 'leading beverage manufacturing companies', '€20m supplier development fund', 'Distell Group Holdings Limited', 'new HEINEKEN majority-owned business', '€150 million operating profit', 'overall economic development', 'ambitious investment plan', 'R&D) hub', 'Federico Castillo Martinez', 'other production facilities', 'Tavern Transformation’ programme', 'sustainable local enterprises', 'long-term brand investment', 'Most recent information', 'domestic beer market', 'significant growth opportunities', 'South African economy', 'HEINEKEN N.V.', 'Namibia Breweries Limited', 'premium beer category', 'HEINEKEN South Africa', 'growth fund', 'Research & Development', 'significant share', 'new brewery', 'leading developer', 'leading producer', 'African footprint', '1,000 tavern owners', 'additional information', 'regional, local', 'Heineken® brand', 'non-alcoholic beer', 'Southern Africa', 'combined businesses', 'new company', 'high-quality beverages', 'Executive Board', 'net revenue', 'three entities', 'Competition Authorities', 'five years', 'five-year period', 'Press enquiries', 'Sarah Backhouse', 'Michael Fuchs', 'analyst enquiries', 'Mark Matthews', 'Chris Steyn', 'international brewer', 'specialty beers', 'true togetherness', 'sales execution', 'cost management', 'geographic footprint', 'leadership positions', 'developing markets', 'cider plants', 'biggest producer', '4th Street', 'soft beverages', 'strict accordance', 'three ingredients', 'malted barley', 'Tafel Lager', 'international recognition', 'beer brands', 'HEINEKEN Beverages', 'cider brands', 'top brands', 'Windhoek Lager', 'Windhoek Draught', 'Distell deal', '5,400 talented employees', 'non-alcoholic products', 'Purity Law', 'multi-category portfolio', 'HEINEKEN website', 'Better World', '85,000 employees', 'Amsterdam', '26 April', 'HEIA', 'OTCQX', 'HEINY', 'completion', 'acquisition', 'NBL', 'rebranding', 'commitment', 'consumers', 'continent', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'strengths', 'expertise', 'resources', 'jobs', 'agreement', 'vote', 'confidence', 'construction', 'maltery', 'localisation', 'Innovation', 'transaction', 'ENDS', 'mail', 'pressoffice', 'Investor', 'marketer', 'ciders', 'joy', 'dream', 'future', 'hearts', 'focused', 'sustainability', 'developed', 'malteries', '70 countries', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Instagram', 'spirits', 'wines', 'drinks', 'RTDs', 'Amarula', 'Hunter', 'Savanna', 'Klipdrift', 'Nederburg', 'Richelieu', 'Viceroy', '4500 people', '29 October', '800 people', 'range', 'low', 'hops', 'water', '19 countries', 'figures', 'today']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23757,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/capital-markets-day-060000620.html,Capital Markets Day,Kenmare Resources plc (“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”) 26 April 2023 Capital Markets Day Kenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR)  one of the...,"Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc(“Kenmare” or “the Company” or “the Group”)26 April 2023Capital Markets DayKenmare Resources plc (LSE:KMR  ISE:KMR)  one of the leading global producers of titanium minerals and zircon  which operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine (the ""Mine"" or ""Moma"") in northern Mozambique  is today hosting a Capital Markets Day.Statement from Michael Carvill  Managing Director:“Over 70% of Moma’s mineral resources are located at the Nataka ore zone and we are excited to be outlining our plans for this world-class asset. Wet Concentrator Plant (WCP) A will commence its move to Nataka in 2025  and also undergo a fundamental upgrade of existing equipment.Mining capacity has been specified at 110% of requirements in the hardest parts of the ore zone  delivered through the replacement of both existing dredges and the integration of hydromining with the new dredges. An upfront desliming circuit on the Wet Concentrator Plant and the introduction of a Tailings Storage Facility will reset the operational capabilities at WCP A to deliver consistently at design capacity for decades to come.Capital expenditure for WCP A is estimated to be $247 million over the period 2023-25 and is expected to maintain low operating costs  retaining Kenmare’s first quartile industry position.Separately  we have identified an opportunity to accelerate the upgrade of WCP B  previously anticipated in 2027  at an estimated cost of $41 million. This would enable us to maintain production of 1.2 million tonnes of ilmenite per annum as WCP A mines the transition between Namalope and Nataka  delivering a compelling payback of approximately two years.Kenmare enters this investment phase in a strong financial position and following a period of steadily improving financial performance and shareholder returns. We are comfortable with the current absolute level of dividends for the medium term and are revising the payout range to between 20% and 40% of Profits After Tax”.Story continuesOverview• WCP A to complete mining in Namalope in 2025 with an 18-month transition to Nataka• Estimated capital expenditures of $247 million over 2023-25  including $37 million in contingencies• Key capital investments include the replacement of two existing dredges at WCP A  installation of a desliming circuit and introduction of a Tailings Storage Facility (TSF)• Studies underway to assess potential upgrade of WCP B capacity from 2 400 tonnes per hour (“tph”) to 3 400 tph at an estimated capital cost of $41 million• Dividend policy revised to a payout ratio of 20% to 40% of underlying Profit After TaxCapital Markets DayA presentation for analysts and investors will be held today at 10:00am. A copy of the presentation will be available on the Company’s website  and a replay of the event will be available shortly afterwards. No new material information or trading update  other than that contained in this announcement  will be provided at the event.Capital ProjectsThe transition of WCP A to Nataka is expected to commence in 2025. Over an 18-month period  WCP A will mine its way to the Nataka ore zone. Following this  WCP A will continue to mine in Nataka for the remainder of its economic life  which is estimated to exceed 20 years.Capital expenditure for the transition of WCP A to Nataka is estimated at $247 million  including a $37 million contingency. This capital is expected to be phased over a three year period from 2023 to 2025  with the majority of the expenditure incurred in 2024 and 2025. A significant proportion of the expenditure covers the cost of replacing WCP A’s two existing dredges  the addition of a desliming circuit and the implementation of a TSF. During 2026 and 2027  a further $23 million of capital expenditure will be required for additional pumping infrastructure along with up to $25 million on power infrastructure upgrades  the latter subject to ongoing studies.Kenmare has also identified an opportunity to upgrade WCP B utilising one of the redundant dredges from WCP A and increasing the processing capacity of the wet concentrator plant. This would increase the capacity of WCP B from 2 400 tph to 3 400 tph and provide sufficient Heavy Mineral Concentrate (HMC) to maintain production at 1.2 million tonnes per annum ilmenite as WCP A is transitioning to Nataka from 2025. Based on prefeasibility studies  the capital cost is estimated at $41 million  incurred in 2025 and 2026. A decision to progress to Definitive Feasibility Study is expected imminently.The Company plans to fund capital expenditure requirements from existing resources and operating cash flows whilst maintaining conservative gearing levels. Separately  Kenmare in conjunction with its lenders is investigating the refinancing of existing bank facilities.Dividend policyIn 2018  Kenmare announced its maiden dividend policy with a payout ratio of at least 20% of Profit After Tax. Since then  the Company has made cumulative returns to shareholders of $186 million through both normal dividends and a share buyback in 2021. This included dividend payouts of 25% of Profit After Tax in both 2021 and 2022.Based on Kenmare’s current and anticipated financial performance and strong balance sheet position  the Company believes that dividend payments should be sustainable at or about their current absolute level. Consequently  to ensure that the Company can have the flexibility to adapt to market conditions Kenmare intends to evolve its dividend policy towards a payout range of 20% to 40% of underlying Profit After Tax. Special dividends and further share buybacks may also be considered  subject to market conditions  balance sheet position and capital requirements.Prior to 2022  Kenmare primarily utilised a combination of trading profits and reserves arising from intra group capital reconstruction to create distributable reserves. Looking forward  the principal source of distributable reserves will be via intragroup dividends from trading subsidiaries. Based on the current structure of the Group  these dividends are likely to attract a charge to Irish tax based on the difference between the effective rate in Mozambique and the relevant Irish rate of 25%. The Group is actively investigating options to mitigate this exposure  which may include a restructure of the Kenmare Group. Further updates will be provided in due course.For further information  please contact:Kenmare Resources plcJeremy Dibb / Michael StarkeInvestor Relationsir@kenmareresources.comTel: +353 1 671 0411Mob: +353 87 943 036Murray (PR advisor)Paul O’Kanepokane@murraygroup.ieTel: +353 1 498 0300Mob: +353 86 609 0221About Kenmare ResourcesKenmare Resources plc is one of the world's largest producers of mineral sands products. Listed on the London Stock Exchange and the Euronext Dublin  Kenmare operates the Moma Titanium Minerals Mine in Mozambique. Moma's production accounts for approximately 7% of global titanium feedstocks and the Company supplies to customers operating in more than 15 countries. Kenmare produces raw materials that are ultimately consumed in everyday quality-of-life items such as paints  plastics and ceramic tiles.All monetary amounts refer to United States dollars unless otherwise indicated.Forward Looking StatementsThis announcement contains some forward-looking statements that represent Kenmare's expectations for its business  based on current expectations about future events  which by their nature involve risks and uncertainties. Kenmare believes that its expectations and assumptions with respect to these forward-looking statements are reasonable. However  because they involve risk and uncertainty  which are in some cases beyond Kenmare's control  actual results or performance may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information.",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.81,0.11,0.09,True,English,"['Capital Markets Day', 'first quartile industry position', 'sufficient Heavy Mineral Concentrate', 'Tax Capital Markets Day', 'Moma Titanium Minerals Mine', 'leading global producers', 'Wet Concentrator Plant', 'Tailings Storage Facility', 'low operating costs', 'strong financial position', 'current absolute level', 'additional pumping infrastructure', 'power infrastructure upgrades', 'Definitive Feasibility Study', 'operating cash flows', 'conservative gearing levels', 'new material information', 'existing bank facilities', 'Key capital investments', 'three year period', 'upfront desliming circuit', 'maiden dividend policy', 'two existing dredges', 'Kenmare Resources plc', 'Nataka ore zone', 'WCP B capacity', 'capital expenditure requirements', 'mineral resources', 'new dredges', 'existing resources', 'existing equipment', 'financial performance', 'redundant dredges', 'capital expenditures', 'Capital Projects', 'two years', 'northern Mozambique', 'Michael Carvill', 'Managing Director', 'world-class asset', 'hardest parts', 'operational capabilities', 'WCP A', 'design capacity', 'compelling payback', 'investment phase', 'shareholder returns', 'medium term', 'payout range', 'payout ratio', 'trading update', 'economic life', '$37 million contingency', 'significant proportion', 'processing capacity', 'cumulative returns', 'share buyback', 'capital cost', '18-month period', 'fundamental upgrade', '1.2 million tonnes', 'potential upgrade', 'ongoing studies', 'prefeasibility studies', 'Mining capacity', 'underlying Profit', 'normal dividends', '18-month transition', 'The Company', '2,400 tonnes', '20 years', 'Group', '26 April', 'ISE', 'KMR', 'zircon', 'Statement', 'plans', 'move', 'replacement', 'integration', 'hydromining', 'introduction', 'decades', 'opportunity', 'production', 'ilmenite', 'annum', 'Namalope', 'Profits', 'Story', 'Overview', 'contingencies', 'installation', 'TSF', 'hour', '3,400 tph', 'presentation', 'analysts', 'investors', '10:00am', 'copy', 'website', 'replay', 'event', 'announcement', 'way', 'remainder', 'majority', 'implementation', '2,400 tph', 'HMC', 'decision', 'conjunction', 'lenders', 'refinancing', 'shareholders', '2024']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23758,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KTESIOS-REAL-ESTATE-SOCIM-123269049/news/Ktesios-Real-Estate-SOCIMI-S-A-SOCIMI-Incorporation-into-the-BME-MTF-Equity-segment-43645365/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S A : SOCIMI - Incorporation into the BME MTF Equity segment,(marketscreener.com)   KTESIOS SOCIMI   Madrid  April 26  2023   Pursuant to the Article 17 of Regulation No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 16th April 2014 on market abuse   Directive 2003/6/EC of the European Parliament and o…,"KTESIOS SOCIMIMadrid  April 26  2023Pursuant to the Article 17 of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of 16th April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)  Directive 2003/6/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council and Commission Directives 2003/124/EC  2003/125/EC and 2004/72/EC and Article 61004/2 of Euronext Rule Book I  on ongoing obligations of companies listed on Euronext  KTESIOS REAL ESTATE SOCIMI  S.A. (the ""Company"" or ""KTESIOS"")  hereby announces the following:RELEVANT INFORMATIONThe Market Coordination and Incorporations Committee of BME Growth has considered that KTESIOS REAL ESTATE SOCIMI SA  meets the requirements for the incorporation on the BME MTF Equity segment.The Company's Registered Advisor is VGM Advisory Partners S.L.U  while GVC Gaesco Valores S.V. S.A. will act as Liquidity Provider and Agent Entity.KTESIOS is the first SOCIMI (Spanish REIT) with social impact and recurring returns thatinvests in non-prime areas that offers affordable housing.The information document is available on BME Growth's and the Company's websites. BME Growth: https://www.bmegrowth.es/KTESIOS SOCIMI: https://ktesios-socimi.es/We remain at your disposal for any clarification you may require.__________________________________________________________KTESIOS REAL ESTATE SOCIMI  S.A.D. Henry Noel Gallego GrajalesCEO & ChairmanKtesios Real Estate SOCIMI S.A. CIF: A88346614 - C/ Sagasta 15  7º Izda.- 28004 - MadridRegistrada en el Registro Mercantil de Madrid al Tomo 38.976  Folio 30  Sección 1  Hoja M-692614Email: info@ktesios-socimi.es | Tel: +34 910 638 011 | www.ktesios-socimi.es",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.58,0.41,0.01,True,English,"['Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S A', 'BME MTF Equity segment', 'Incorporation', 'GVC Gaesco Valores S.V. S.A.', 'VGM Advisory Partners S.L.U', 'Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S.A.', 'D. Henry Noel Gallego Grajales', 'KTESIOS REAL ESTATE SOCIMI SA', 'BME MTF Equity segment', 'The Market Coordination', 'Euronext Rule Book', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'KTESIOS SOCIMI', 'first SOCIMI', 'BME Growth', 'European Parliament', 'Commission Directives', 'ongoing obligations', 'RELEVANT INFORMATION', 'Incorporations Committee', 'Registered Advisor', 'Liquidity Provider', 'Agent Entity', 'Spanish REIT', 'social impact', 'recurring returns', 'prime areas', 'affordable housing', 'information document', 'C/ Sagasta', 'Registro Mercantil', 'Sección', '16th April', 'Madrid', 'Article', 'No.', 'Council', 'companies', 'Company', 'requirements', 'websites', 'bmegrowth', 'disposal', 'clarification', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'CIF', '7º Izda.', 'Tomo', 'Folio', 'Hoja', 'Email', 'ktesios-socimi', 'Tel', '34']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23759,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/72a2e7053b510b2a,$OR: Cosmetics Manufacturer L'Oréal Remains Supported,L'Oréal S.A. is the world largest cosmetics and beauty company. Headquartered in Clichy  France  the field of activities concentrates on skin care  hair color  perfume  make-up  hair care  sun protection etc. L’Oréal is a part of Euro Stoxx 50 (SX5E) and CAC4…,L'Oréal S.A. is the world largest cosmetics and beauty company. Headquartered in Clichy  France  the field of activities concentrates on skin care  hair color  perfume  make-up  hair care  sun protection etc. L’Oréal is a part of Euro Stoxx 50 (SX5E) and CAC40 indices. Investors can trade it under the ticker $OR at Euronext Paris.This story appeared on barchart.com   2023-04-26.,neutral,0.12,0.88,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"[""L'Oréal"", 'Cosmetics Manufacturer', '$OR', ""L'Oréal S.A."", 'L’Oréal', 'world largest cosmetics', 'beauty company', 'skin care', 'hair color', 'hair care', 'sun protection', 'Euro Stoxx', 'CAC40 indices', 'Euronext Paris', 'barchart.com', 'Clichy', 'France', 'field', 'activities', 'perfume', 'make-up', 'part', 'SX5E', 'Investors', 'ticker', 'story']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,biztoc.com
23760,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VISIOMED-GROUP-SA-8235236/news/Visiomed-Group-Sa-Visiomed-Group-announces-the-availability-of-its-2022-Annual-Financial-Repor-43649882/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Visiomed Group Sa :  Visiomed Group announces the availability of its 2022 Annual Financial Report,(marketscreener.com)  Paris  April 26th  2023Visiomed Group   a group specializing in innovative healthcare technologies and services  has filed its Annual Financial Report for the year ended December 31st  2022 with Euronext and made it available to the p…,"Paris  April 26th  2023Visiomed Group (FR0013481835 – ALVMG)  a group specializing in innovative healthcare technologies and services  has filed its Annual Financial Report for the year ended December 31st  2022 with Euronext and made it available to the public (French version only).As announced on January 26th[1]  Visiomed Group's financial performance improved strongly in 2022  with record revenue growth of 101% and normalized EBITDA of over €2 million excluding discontinued operations[2]. Financial net debt at year-end amounted €3.3 million.All documents comprising the 2022 Annual Financial Report were approved by the Board of Directors on April 24th  2023 and may be found on the Group website: www.visiomed-group.com/en/financial-reports/.About VISIOMED GROUPFounded in 2007  VISIOMED GROUP relies on a long experience in the health sector to invest in innovative health technologies and services in France and abroad.The Group now has two subsidiaries and holdings:Smart Salem  the first digital medical analysis center accredited by the Dubai Ministry of Health (DHA) in the United Arab Emirates  100% owned by Visiomed Group.The Smart Salem offer is based on know-how in medical analysis  radiology and data analysis and processing to detect nearly 35 diseases in 7 minutes in a patient (in particular HIV  hepatitis and tuberculosis) by offering reliable results  readability and exceptional patient experience enabled by advanced artificial intelligence and virtual reality technologies.Smart Salem's “Medical Fitness Assessment” offer resulting from this know-how thus makes it possible to obtain a residence or work visa in the space of 30 minutes compared to 10 to 15 days in historical health centers.Smart Salem is a technological platform offering many growth opportunities  as shown by the opening of the second center in Dubai in September 2022 and the authorization received for the opening of a third center  planned to open in the first quarter of 2023.Bewellthy  created in 2022  a leading player in connected health and teleconsultation solutions and is 49.88% owned by Visiomed Group.Bewellthy offers an enriched technological universe combining medical devices  software and ""health and well-being concierge"" services to meet all the needs and use cases of telehealth.Bewellthy's flagship product  VisioCheck  is the 1st telemedicine station weighing less than 300g for healthcare professionals  available as a case  station or modular healthcare space.Bewellthy is now deploying its solutions and services in France and abroad  particularly in Italy and the USA.Based in Paris  VISIOMED GROUP is listed on Euronext Growth (ALVMG). More information on www.visiomed-group.com.CONTACTSJérôme FABREGUETTES-LEIB Fatou-Kiné N'DIAYE Investor Relations Financial Press Relations visiomed@actus.fr fndiaye@actus.fr Phone: +33 1 53 67 36 78 Phone: +33 1 53 67 36 75© Visiomed Group SA 2023. The brands mentioned are the property of their respective authors. Reproduction prohibited  even partial  without prior authorization.[1] Record year 2022 marked by exceptional growth (99%)  positive normalized EBITDA and strategic decisions opening up great prospects for 2023[2] The differences versus the January 26th press release (99% growth and €2.2 million normalized EBITDA excluding discontinued operations) are due to closing account entries and adjustments made following the statutory auditors' review.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lpttkpRrkm+Um55qYshlZ2eVZm1iyJXJlmfHx2VplJrGbWlhlptqmZvHZnBqmmtr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79565-alvmg_cp_mad_rfa_2022_ven.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.48,0.52,True,English,"['2022 Annual Financial Report', 'Visiomed Group Sa', 'availability', ""Jérôme FABREGUETTES-LEIB Fatou-Kiné N'DIAYE Investor Relations Financial Press Relations"", 'first digital medical analysis center', 'January 26th press release', 'The Smart Salem offer', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'Annual Financial Report', 'Financial net debt', 'United Arab Emirates', 'advanced artificial intelligence', 'virtual reality technologies', 'Medical Fitness Assessment', 'closing account entries', ""statutory auditors' review"", 'innovative healthcare technologies', 'many growth opportunities', 'positive normalized EBITDA', '€2.2 million normalized EBITDA', 'record revenue growth', 'innovative health technologies', 'historical health centers', '1st telemedicine station', 'modular healthcare space', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'exceptional patient experience', 'Visiomed Group SA', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'financial performance', 'first quarter', 'data analysis', 'second center', 'third center', 'medical devices', 'exceptional growth', 'News release', 'The Group', 'healthcare professionals', 'long experience', 'French version', 'health sector', 'two subsidiaries', 'work visa', '10 to 15 days', 'technological platform', 'leading player', 'connected health', 'technological universe', 'flagship product', 'Euronext Growth', 'respective authors', 'Record year', 'strategic decisions', 'great prospects', 'Group website', 'More information', 'Regulated information', 'Dubai Ministry', 'reliable results', 'teleconsultation solutions', 'prior authorization', 'Paris', 'April', 'ALVMG', 'services', 'public', 'operations', 'year-end', 'documents', 'Board', 'Directors', 'financial-reports', 'France', 'holdings', 'DHA', 'know-how', 'radiology', 'processing', '35 diseases', '7 minutes', 'HIV', 'hepatitis', 'tuberculosis', 'readability', 'residence', '30 minutes', 'opening', 'September', 'Bewellthy', 'software', 'needs', 'use', 'cases', 'telehealth', 'VisioCheck', 'less', '300g', 'Italy', 'USA', 'CONTACTS', 'Phone', 'brands', 'property', 'Reproduction', 'differences', 'discontinued', 'adjustments', 'accounts', 'Full', 'PDF', 'rfa', 'email', 'company', '2023']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23761,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LHYFE-137697440/news/Lhyfe-Publication-of-the-2022-universal-registration-document-43639751/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Lhyfe :  Publication of the 2022 universal registration document,(marketscreener.com)  Nantes – 26 April 2023 – 11.00 am Lhyfe   one of the world's pioneers in the production of green and renewable hydrogen to decarbonize industry and mobility  informs that its 2022 Universal registration document was approved by the AMF…,"Nantes (France) – 26 April 2023 – 11.00 am Lhyfe (Euronext Paris – FR0014009YQ1 – LHYFE)  one of the world's pioneers in the production of green and renewable hydrogen to decarbonize industry and mobility  informs that its 2022 Universal registration document was approved by the AMF on 25 April 2023 under the number R.23-017.The 2022 Universal registration document notably contains:the 2022 Annual financial report;the management report;the report on corporate governance;the different Statutory Auditors' reports;the description of the share buy-back program;the table of Auditors' fees.This Universal registration document can be viewed on or downloaded from Lhyfe's website  www.lhyfe.com   under Investors  Financial Documents.About LhyfeLhyfe is a European group dedicated to the energy transition  and a producer and supplier of green and renewable hydrogen. Its production sites and portfolio of projects aim to provide access to green and renewable hydrogen in industrial quantities  and to enter into a virtuous energy model allowing the decarbonization of entire sectors of industry and mobility.In 2021  Lhyfe inaugurated the world's first industrial green hydrogen production site in direct connection with a wind farm. In 2022  Lhyfe inaugurated the world's first pilot platform for green hydrogen production at sea.Lhyfe is present in 11 European countries and has 149 employees at the end of 2022. The company is listed on the Euronext market in Paris (ISIN: FR0014009YQ1 - mnemonic: LHYFE).For more information go to Lhyfe.comContactsInvestor relationsLHYFEYoann Nguyenyoann.nguyen@lhyfe.com Financial press relationsACTUSManon Clairet+33 (0)1 53 67 36 73mclairet@actus.fr Business press relationsNouvelles GrainesClémence Rebours+33 (0)6 60 57 76 43c.rebours@nouvelles-graines.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: nZ2cYMiXYmuYmpxwYZhlbJeZZ5xqxGKUlpOemGmblMjHa55pl5tla8nKZnBqmmpm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:News releases for the provision of documents:- Terms of availability of a universal registration document or its updates Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79550-lhyfe-pr-mad-urd-2022-26042023-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.56,0.43,0.01,True,English,"['2022 universal registration document', 'Lhyfe', 'Publication', 'first industrial green hydrogen production site', ""different Statutory Auditors' reports"", 'The 2022 Universal registration document', 'first pilot platform', 'share buy-back program', 'original press release', 'Business press relations', 'virtuous energy model', 'next press releases', 'Financial press relations', 'Clémence Rebours', '2022 Annual financial report', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'industrial quantities', 'renewable hydrogen', ""Auditors' fees"", 'production sites', 'Investor relations', 'energy transition', 'News releases', 'Financial Documents', 'management report', 'corporate governance', 'European group', 'entire sectors', 'direct connection', 'wind farm', '11 European countries', 'Euronext market', 'Manon Clairet', 'Euronext Paris', 'Yoann Nguyen', 'Nouvelles Graines', 'Regulated information', 'Nantes', 'France', '26 April', 'Lhyfe', 'world', 'pioneers', 'industry', 'mobility', 'AMF', '25 April', 'number', 'description', 'table', 'website', 'Investors', 'producer', 'supplier', 'portfolio', 'projects', 'access', 'decarbonization', 'sea', '149 employees', 'end', 'company', 'mnemonic', 'Contacts', 'publication', 'provision', 'Terms', 'availability', 'updates', 'Full', 'PDF', 'urd', 'email', '11.']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23762,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2655454/0/en/Marie-Brizard-Wine-Spirits-Availability-of-the-2022-Universal-Registration-Document-including-the-2022-Annual-Financial-Report.html,Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits: Availability of the 2022 Universal Registration Document including the 2022 Annual Financial Report,Charenton-le-Pont  26 April 2023  Availability of the 2022 Universal Registration...,"French EnglishCharenton-le-Pont  26 April 2023Availability of the 2022 Universal Registration Documentincluding the 2022 Annual Financial ReportMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits (Euronext: MBWS) announces that it has filed its Universal Registration Document for the year 2022 with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on 26 April 2023.This document includes  in particular  the following items:- the 2022 annual financial report - the Board of Directors report on corporate governance  and- the auditors' reports relating thereto.The Universal Registration Document is made available under the conditions stipulated by the prevailing regulations. It can be consulted on the MBWS website (http://www.mbws.com/) under the heading ""Regulated Information"" as well as on the website of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (www.amf-france.org).It is also available at the Company's head office :10-12 avenue du Général de Gaulle - 94220 CHARENTON-LE-PONT.Investor and shareholder relations contactMBWS GroupEmilie Drexleremilie.drexler@mbws.comTel.: +33 1 43 91 62 21 Press contactImage SeptClaire Doligez - Laurence Maurycdoligez@image7.fr – lmaury@image7.frTel.: +33 1 53 70 74 70About Marie Brizard Wine & SpiritsMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits is a Group of wines and spirits based in Europe and the United States. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits stands out for its expertise  a combination of brands with a long tradition and a resolutely innovative spirit. Since the birth of the Maison Marie Brizard in 1755  the Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits Group has developed its brands in a spirit of modernity while respecting its origins. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits' commitment is to offer its customers brands of confidence  daring and full of flavours and experiences. The Group now has a rich portfolio of leading brands in their market segments  including William Peel  Sobieski  Marie Brizard and Cognac Gautier. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is listed on Compartment B of Euronext Paris (FR0000060873 - MBWS) and is part of the EnterNext PEA-PME 150 indexAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Marie Brizard Wine', '2022 Universal Registration Document', '2022 Annual Financial Report', 'Spirits', 'Availability', 'Général de Gaulle', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'EnterNext PEA-PME 150 index Attachment', 'The Universal Registration Document', '2022 Universal Registration Document', '2022 Annual Financial Report', 'Marie Brizard Wine', 'Maison Marie Brizard', 'shareholder relations contact', 'The Group', 'Press contact', 'French English', 'following items', 'corporate governance', ""auditors' reports"", 'prevailing regulations', 'Regulated Information', 'head office', '10-12 avenue', 'Claire Doligez', 'Laurence Maury', 'United States', 'long tradition', 'rich portfolio', 'market segments', 'William Peel', 'Cognac Gautier', 'Compartment B', 'Emilie Drexler', 'Image Sept', 'innovative spirit', 'Euronext Paris', 'MBWS Group', ""Spirits' commitment"", 'leading brands', 'MBWS website', 'Spirits Group', 'Charenton-le-Pont', '26 April', 'Availability', 'year', 'AMF', 'Board', 'Directors', 'conditions', 'heading', 'org', 'Company', 'Investor', 'Tel.', 'wines', 'Europe', 'expertise', 'combination', 'birth', 'modernity', 'origins', 'customers', 'confidence', 'flavours', 'experiences', 'Sobieski', '33']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23763,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-hart-scott-rodino-060000324.html,Press Release: Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period expires for Sanofi’s acquisition of Provention Bio  Inc.,Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period expires for Sanofi’s acquisition of Provention Bio  Inc. Paris  France – April 26  2023 – Sanofi announced today that the...,Sanofi - Aventis GroupeHart-Scott-Rodino waiting period expires for Sanofi’s acquisition of Provention Bio  Inc.Paris  France – April 26  2023 – Sanofi announced today that the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976  as amended (the “HSR Act”)  applicable to Sanofi’s proposed acquisition of Provention Bio  Inc. (“Provention Bio”  NASDAQ: PRVB) has expired.On March 24  2023  Sanofi commenced a cash tender offer (the “Offer”) to purchase all outstanding shares of common stock of Provention Bio (the “Shares”)  for $25.00 per Share  to the seller thereof in cash  without interest and subject to any withholding taxes required by applicable law. As a result of the expiration of the waiting period under the HSR Act  the condition to the Offer relating to the expiration or termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act has been satisfied.The consummation of the Offer remains subject to various conditions  including the tender of a number of Shares which  together with the Shares owned by Sanofi and its wholly owned subsidiaries (including Zest Acquisition Sub  Inc.)  represent at least a majority of the Shares outstanding immediately prior to the expiration of the Offer and other customary conditions described in the Offer to Purchase filed by Sanofi with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on March 24  2023  as amended.The Offer is scheduled to expire at one minute after 11:59 P.M.  Eastern Time  on April 26  2023. The Offer may be extended further in accordance with the merger agreement  dated March 12  2023  by and among Sanofi  Zest Acquisition Sub  Inc. and Provention Bio  and the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. All other terms and conditions of the Offer remain unchanged.Innisfree M&A Incorporated is acting as information agent for the tender offer. Requests for documents and questions regarding the tender offer may be directed to Innisfree M&A Incorporated by telephone  toll-free at (877) 800-5195 for shareholders  or collect at (212) 750-5833 for Banks and Brokers.Story continuesAbout SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | + 1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements may include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product  and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “will be”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful and risks related to Sanofi’s ability to complete the acquisition on the proposed terms or on the proposed timeline  including the receipt of required regulatory approvals  the possibility that competing offers will be made  other risks associated with executing business combination transactions  such as the risk that the businesses will not be integrated successfully  that such integration may be more difficult  time-consuming or costly than expected or that the expected benefits of the acquisition will not be realized  as well as other risks related to Sanofi’s business  including the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Additional Information for US Shareholders and Where to Find ItThis communication is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell shares of Provention Bio  Inc. Sanofi and its acquisition subsidiary have filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) a tender offer statement on Schedule TO  and Provention Bio  Inc. has filed a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9  all with respect to the Offer (as defined in those documents). HOLDERS OF SHARES OF PROVENTION BIO  INC. ARE URGED TO READ THE RELEVANT TENDER OFFER MATERIALS (INCLUDING THE OFFER TO PURCHASE  THE RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND THE OTHER TENDER OFFER DOCUMENTS) AND THE SOLICIATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT PROVENTION BIO  INC. STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION REGARDING TENDERING SHARES. The Offer to Purchase  the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents  as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement  are available to holders of shares of Provention Bio  Inc. at no expense to them. The tender offer materials and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement are available for free at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Additional copies may be obtained for free by contacting Sanofi’s Investor Relations Department at ir@sanofi.com or on Sanofi’s website at https://en.sanofi.com/investors or by contacting Kristen Kelleher  Investor Relations  at investorrelations@proventionbio.com  or on Provention Bio  Inc.’s website  www.proventionbio.com.In addition to the Offer to Purchase  the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents  as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement  Sanofi files annual and special reports and other information with the SEC and Provention Bio.  Inc. files annual  quarterly and special reports and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any reports or other information filed by Sanofi and Provention Bio.  Inc. at the SEC public reference room at 100 F. Street  N.E.  Washington D.C. 20549. Please call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. Sanofi’s and Provention Bio.  Inc.’s filings with the SEC are also available to the public from commercial document-retrieval services and at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.govAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.95,0.05,mixed,0.26,0.29,0.46,True,English,"['Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period', 'Press Release', 'Provention Bio', 'Sanofi', 'acquisition', 'Aventis Groupe Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act', 'Innisfree M&A Incorporated', 'U.S. Securities', 'life-changing treatment options', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'Arnaud Delépine', 'business combination transactions', 'SNY Media Relations', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'future financial results', 'Zest Acquisition Sub', 'potential future revenues', 'other customary conditions', 'cash tender offer', 'Sanofi Forward-Looking Statements', 'future performance', 'HSR Act', 'Investor Relations', 'actual results', 'regulatory approvals', 'other terms', 'other potential', 'other things', 'forward-looking information', 'Provention Bio', 'common stock', 'withholding taxes', 'applicable law', 'various conditions', 'Exchange Commission', 'one minute', 'Eastern Time', 'merger agreement', 'applicable rules', 'information agent', 'one purpose', 'social responsibility', 'Corentine Driancourt', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'underlying assumptions', 'similar expressions', 'government regulation', 'commercial potential', 'proposed terms', 'competing offers', 'other risks', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Evan Berland', 'Eva Schaefer-Jansen', 'Tarik Elgoutni', 'various risks', 'outstanding shares', 'Nicolas Obrist', 'Felix Lauscher', 'Nathalie Pham', 'Paris', 'France', 'April', 'NASDAQ', 'PRVB', 'March', 'seller', 'interest', 'expiration', 'termination', 'consummation', 'number', 'subsidiaries', 'Inc.', 'majority', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Requests', 'documents', 'questions', 'telephone', 'shareholders', 'Banks', 'Brokers', 'Story', 'miracles', 'science', 'people', 'lives', 'team', '100 countries', 'practice', 'medicine', 'impossible', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'projections', 'estimates', 'marketing', 'product', 'plans', 'objectives', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'respect', 'events', 'operations', 'services', 'development', 'words', 'expects', 'anticipates', 'management', 'investors', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'delays', 'availability', 'timeline', 'receipt', 'possibility', '11:59']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23764,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aegon-bank-publishes-2022-annual-060000056.html,Aegon Bank publishes its 2022 Annual Report,The Hague  April 26  2023 - Aegon Bank has today published its 2022 annual report. The report provides information on the bank’s strategy  governance...,Aegon N.V.The Hague  April 26  2023 - Aegon Bank has today published its 2022 annual report. The report provides information on the bank’s strategy  governance  business  and financial performance on a statutory basis.About AegonAegon is an integrated  diversified  international financial services group. The company offers investment  protection  and retirement solutions  with a strategic focus on three core markets (the United States  the United Kingdom  and the Netherlands)  three growth markets (Spain & Portugal  Brazil  and China)  and one global asset manager. Aegon's purpose of Helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a leading global investor and employer  the company seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues  with a focus on climate change and inclusion & diversity. Aegon is headquartered in The Hague  the Netherlands  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com.Contacts Media relations Investor relations Dick Schiethart Jan Willem Weidema+31(0) 6 2288 9925 +31(0) 70 344 8028 dick.schiethart@aegon.com janwillem.weidema@aegon.comForward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:Story continuesUnexpected delays  difficulties  and expenses in executing against our environmental  climate  diversity and inclusion or other “ESG” targets  goals and commitments  and changes in laws or regulations affecting us  such as changes in data privacy  environmental  safety and health laws;Changes in general economic and/or governmental conditions  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Civil unrest  (geo-) political tensions  military action or other instability in a country or geographic region;Changes in the performance of financial markets  including emerging markets  such as with regard to: The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in Aegon’s fixed income investment portfolios; The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities Aegon holds; The effects of declining creditworthiness of certain public sector securities and the resulting decline in the value of government exposure that Aegon holds;Changes in the performance of Aegon’s investment portfolio and decline in ratings of Aegon’s counterparties;Lowering of one or more of Aegon’s debt ratings issued by recognized rating organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on Aegon’s ability to raise capital and on its liquidity and financial condition;Lowering of one or more of insurer financial strength ratings of Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the written premium  policy retention  profitability and liquidity of its insurance subsidiaries;The effect of the European Union’s Solvency II requirements and other regulations in other jurisdictions affecting the capital Aegon is required to maintain;Changes affecting interest rate levels and low or rapidly changing interest rate levels;Changes affecting currency exchange rates  in particular the EUR/USD and EUR/GBP exchange rates;Changes affecting inflation levels  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Changes in the availability of  and costs associated with  liquidity sources such as bank and capital markets funding  as well as conditions in the credit markets in general such as changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness;Increasing levels of competition in the United States  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and emerging markets;Catastrophic events  either manmade or by nature  including by way of example acts of God  acts of terrorism  acts of war and pandemics  could result in material losses and significantly interrupt Aegon’s business;The frequency and severity of insured loss events;Changes affecting longevity  mortality  morbidity  persistence and other factors that may impact the profitability of Aegon’s insurance products;Aegon’s projected results are highly sensitive to complex mathematical models of financial markets  mortality  longevity  and other dynamic systems subject to shocks and unpredictable volatility. Should assumptions to these models later prove incorrect  or should errors in those models escape the controls in place to detect them  future performance will vary from projected results;Reinsurers to whom Aegon has ceded significant underwriting risks may fail to meet their obligations;Changes in customer behavior and public opinion in general related to  among other things  the type of products Aegon sells  including legal  regulatory or commercial necessity to meet changing customer expectations;Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution channels;As Aegon’s operations support complex transactions and are highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology  operational risks such as system disruptions or failures  security or data privacy breaches  cyberattacks  human error  failure to safeguard personally identifiable information  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including with respect to third parties with which we do business may disrupt Aegon’s business  damage its reputation and adversely affect its results of operations  financial condition and cash flows;The impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  product withdrawals and other unusual items  including Aegon’s ability to complete  or obtain regulatory approval for  acquisitions and divestitures  integrate acquisitions  and realize anticipated results  and its ability to separate businesses as part of divestitures;Aegon’s failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational efficiencies  as well as other management initiatives related to cost savings  Cash Capital at Holding  gross financial leverage and free cash flow;Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments;Litigation or regulatory action that could require Aegon to pay significant damages or change the way Aegon does business;Competitive  legal  regulatory  or tax changes that affect profitability  the distribution cost of or demand for Aegon’s products;Consequences of an actual or potential break-up of the European monetary union in whole or in part  or the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union and potential consequences if other European Union countries leave the European Union;Changes in laws and regulations  particularly those affecting Aegon’s operations’ ability to hire and retain key personnel  taxation of Aegon companies  the products Aegon sells  and the attractiveness of certain products to its consumers;Regulatory changes relating to the pensions  investment  and insurance industries in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates;Standard setting initiatives of supranational standard setting bodies such as the Financial Stability Board and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors or changes to such standards that may have an impact on regional (such as EU)  national or US federal or state level financial regulation or the application thereof to Aegon  including the designation of Aegon by the Financial Stability Board as a Global Systemically Important Insurer (G-SII); andChanges in accounting regulations and policies or a change by Aegon in applying such regulations and policies  voluntarily or otherwise  which may affect Aegon’s reported results  shareholders’ equity or regulatory capital adequacy levels.Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are described in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Financial documents in progress - Aegon Bank 2022 Annual Report - All Documents (sharepoint.com)Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.12,0.79,True,English,"['Aegon Bank', '2022 Annual Report', 'US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'integrated, diversified, international financial services group', 'Media relations Investor relations Dick Schiethart', 'one global asset manager', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'fixed income investment portfolios', 'insurer financial strength ratings', 'leading global investor', 'public sector securities', 'currency exchange rates', 'EUR/GBP exchange rates', 'Jan Willem Weidema', 'geo-) political tensions', 'recognized rating organizations', 'Solvency II requirements', 'interest rate levels', 'three core markets', 'three growth markets', 'other “ESG” targets', 'capital markets funding', 'Aegon N.V.', 'debt securities', 'financial markets', 'financial prospects', 'financial condition', 'inflation levels', 'social targets', 'emerging markets', 'credit markets', 'financial performance', 'debt ratings', 'other events', 'other instability', 'other jurisdictions', 'The Hague', 'statutory basis', 'retirement solutions', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'best lives', 'positive impact', 'societal issues', 'climate change', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'future events', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'Unexpected delays', 'data privacy', 'general economic', 'Civil unrest', 'geographic region', 'corporate bankruptcies', 'accounting restatements', 'government exposure', 'adverse impact', 'insurance subsidiaries', 'policy retention', 'European Union', 'other regulations', 'economic conditions', 'governmental conditions', 'resulting decline', 'Forward-looking statements', '2022 annual report', 'strategic focus', 'future performance', 'various risks', 'Such risks', 'health laws', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'critical environmental', 'More information', 'military action', 'liquidity sources', 'capital Aegon', 'company expectations', 'Aegon Bank', 'April', 'strategy', 'governance', 'business', 'protection', 'Netherlands', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'Brazil', 'China', 'purpose', 'people', 'activities', 'employer', 'inclusion', 'diversity', 'Contacts', 'document', 'words', 'project', 'plan', 'goal', 'trends', 'uncertainties', 'addition', 'sustainability', 'commitments', 'efforts', 'circumstances', 'guarantees', 'assumptions', 'obligation', 'duty', 'Readers', 'time', 'writing', 'changes', 'Story', 'difficulties', 'expenses', 'safety', 'country', 'regard', 'frequency', 'severity', 'defaults', 'issuers', 'effects', 'value', 'equity', 'declining', 'counterparties', 'Lowering', 'premium', 'profitability', 'EUR/USD', 'availability', 'costs', 'borrower']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23765,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2655530/0/en/SYNERGIE-announces-the-publication-of-its-Financial-Annual-Report-2022.html,SYNERGIE announces the publication of its Financial Annual Report 2022,SYNERGIE announces the publication of its 2022 Financial Report   Paris  26 April 2023: SYNERGIE announces that its 2022 Financial Report (French...,French EnglishSYNERGIE announces the publication of its2022 Financial ReportParis  26 April 2023: SYNERGIE announces that its 2022 Financial Report (French version) is available on its website www.synergie.comAbout SYNERGIEA European specialist in Human Resources Management  SYNERGIE covers all employment-related needs. With a network of 800 agencies in Europe  Canada and Australia  the Group generated a 2022 consolidated turnover of €2.916 million  including more than 57% outside France. The strategy employed by SYNERGIE Group is based on an active organic and external growth policy that is intended to strengthen its positioning as a key European actor.EURONEXT PARIS COMPARTIMENT BISIN: FR0000032658  Mnémo: SDGReuters: SDGI.PA  Bloomberg: SDG:FPwww.synergie.com160 bis rue de Paris - 92100 Boulogne BillancourtSE (European Company) with a capital of 121.810.000€RCS PARIS 329 925 010Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Financial Annual Report', 'SYNERGIE', 'publication', 'EURONEXT PARIS COMPARTIMENT B', 'Human Resources Management', 'external growth policy', '92100 Boulogne Billancourt SE', 'key European actor', 'European specialist', 'European Company', 'French English', '2022 Financial Report', 'French version', 'employment-related needs', '2022 consolidated turnover', 'active organic', 'Mnémo', 'bis rue', 'RCS PARIS', 'SYNERGIE Group', 'publication', '26 April', 'website', 'network', '800 agencies', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'France', 'strategy', 'positioning', 'ISIN', 'SDG', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'capital', 'Attachment']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23766,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SYNERGIE-SE-5012/news/SYNERGIE-announces-the-publication-of-its-Financial-Annual-Report-2022-43649563/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,SYNERGIE announces the publication of its Financial Annual Report 2022,(marketscreener.com) SYNERGIE announces the publication of its 2022 Financial Report Paris  26 April 2023: SYNERGIE announces that its 2022 Financial Report is available on its website www.synergie.com About SYNERGIE A European specialist in Human Resources M…,SYNERGIE announces the publication of its2022 Financial ReportParis  26 April 2023: SYNERGIE announces that its 2022 Financial Report (French version) is available on its website www.synergie.comAbout SYNERGIEA European specialist in Human Resources Management  SYNERGIE covers all employment-related needs. With a network of 800 agencies in Europe  Canada and Australia  the Group generated a 2022 consolidated turnover of €2.916 million  including more than 57% outside France. The strategy employed by SYNERGIE Group is based on an active organic and external growth policy that is intended to strengthen its positioning as a key European actor.EURONEXT PARIS COMPARTIMENT BISIN: FR0000032658  Mnémo: SDGReuters: SDGI.PA  Bloomberg: SDG:FPwww.synergie.com160 bis rue de Paris - 92100 Boulogne BillancourtSE (European Company) with a capital of 121.810.000€RCS PARIS 329 925 010Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Financial Annual Report', 'SYNERGIE', 'publication', 'EURONEXT PARIS COMPARTIMENT B', 'Human Resources Management', 'external growth policy', '92100 Boulogne Billancourt SE', 'key European actor', 'European specialist', 'European Company', '2022 Financial Report', 'French version', 'employment-related needs', '2022 consolidated turnover', 'active organic', 'Mnémo', 'RCS PARIS', 'SYNERGIE Group', 'publication', '26 April', 'website', 'network', '800 agencies', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'France', 'strategy', 'positioning', 'ISIN', 'SDG', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'FP', 'bis', 'rue', 'capital', 'Attachment']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23767,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VANTIVA-6411898/news/Vantiva-2022-Universal-Registration-Document-available-43648413/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Vantiva: 2022 Universal Registration Document available,(marketscreener.com) Press Release     Paris – April 26  2023 - Vantiva   Vantiva: 2022 Universal Registration Document available Vantiva informs that its 2022 Universal Registration Document has been filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers on A…,Press ReleaseParis – April 26  2023 - Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI; OTC Pink: TCLRY) Vantiva: 2022 Universal Registration Document availableVantiva informs that its 2022 Universal Registration Document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel) has been filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on April 26  2023.It has been prepared in European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) and includes the annual financial report  the corporate governance report of the Board of Directors  the disclosure on extra-financial performance  the statutory auditors’ reports and details of their fees.The Universal Registration Document in French version is available on the Group’s web site www.vantiva.com (under the heading “Investor Center”) and at its corporate head office: 8-10  rue du Renard  75004 Paris  France. It is also available on the website of the AMF (http://www.amf-france.org).An English version of the Universal Registration Document (free translation of the French version filed with the AMF) is also available on the company's website at the above address.About VANTIVAPushing the EdgeVANTIVA shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (VANTI) and are tradable in the form of American Depositary Receipts (ADR) in the United States on the OTC Pink market (TCLRY).VANTIVA  formerly known as Technicolor  is headquartered in Paris  France. It is an independent company which is a global technology leader in designing  developing and supplying innovative products and solutions that connect consumers around the world to the content and services they love – whether at home  at work or in other smart spaces. VANTIVA has also earned a solid reputation for optimizing supply chain performance by leveraging its decades-long expertise in high-precision manufacturing  logistics  fulfillment and distribution. With operations throughout the Americas  Asia Pacific and EMEA  VANTIVA is recognized as a strategic partner by leading firms across various vertical industries  including network service providers  software companies and video game creators for over 25 years. The group’s relationships with the film and entertainment industry goes back over 100 years by providing end-to-end solutions for its clients.VANTIVA is committed to the highest standards of corporate social responsibility and sustainability across all aspects of their operations.For more information  please visit vantiva.com and follow VANTIVA on LinkedIn and Twitter.ContactsVantiva Press Relations Image 7 for Vantiva – Corporatepress.relations@vantiva.net vantiva.press@image7.frVantiva Investor Relations Thatcher+Co. for Vantiva – Product and Solutionsvantiva.investor.relations@vantiva.net vantiva@thatcherandco.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'Vantiva', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'The Universal Registration Document', 'Vantiva Investor Relations Thatcher', 'Vantiva Press Relations Image', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'annual financial report', 'statutory auditors’ reports', 'rue du Renard', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'global technology leader', 'other smart spaces', 'various vertical industries', 'network service providers', 'video game creators', 'corporate governance report', 'corporate head office', 'supply chain performance', 'corporate social responsibility', 'OTC Pink market', 'French version', 'Press Release', 'extra-financial performance', 'regulated market', 'Investor Center', 'Enregistrement Universel', 'web site', 'English version', 'free translation', 'above address', 'United States', 'innovative products', 'solid reputation', 'decades-long expertise', 'high-precision manufacturing', 'Asia Pacific', 'strategic partner', 'leading firms', 'software companies', 'entertainment industry', 'highest standards', 'vantiva.com', 'independent company', 'Euronext Paris', 'end solutions', '75004 Paris', 'April', 'TCLRY', 'AMF', 'ESEF', 'Board', 'Directors', 'disclosure', 'details', 'fees', 'Group', 'heading', 'France', 'website', 'org', 'Edge', 'shares', 'ADR', 'Technicolor', 'consumers', 'world', 'content', 'services', 'home', 'logistics', 'fulfillment', 'distribution', 'operations', 'Americas', 'EMEA', '25 years', 'relationships', 'film', '100 years', 'clients', 'sustainability', 'aspects', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'Attachment']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23768,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/unibail-rodamco-westfield-q1-2023-160000262.html,Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield Q1-2023 Trading Update,Paris  Amsterdam  April 26  2023 Press release UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD Q1-2023 TRADING UPDATE STRONG OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE ILLUSTRATES HEDGING AGAINST...,Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SEParis  Amsterdam  April 26  2023Press releaseUNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD Q1-2023 TRADING UPDATESTRONG OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE ILLUSTRATES HEDGING AGAINST INFLATIONTurnover up + 1.4 % in Q1-2023 vs. Q1 - 2022 supported by +8.5% like-for-like growth   offset by impact of 2022 disposals and lower property development and project management revenuesLike-for-like Gross Rental Income up +7.8% driven by indexation and strong operating performanceTenant sales up +1 2 % in Q 1 -202 3 vs. Q1 -2022   confirming positive trend seen in FY -2022 . Strong year-on-year sales and footfall growth in all regions : + 17 % for sales and + 1 2 % for footfall in Continental Europe   + 8 % for sales and +1 2 % for footfall in the U K   and + 4 % for sales and + 5 % for footfall in the USRent collection at 9 5 % for Q 1 -202 3 above 2022 levels ( 93% for Q 1 -202 2 )S trong leasing activity confirms continued retailer demand for URW l ocations   with 58 8 deals signed in Q 1 -202 3   up + 27 % year-on-year   Minimum Guaranteed Rent ( “ MGR ” ) s igned of € 106 Mn   up + 33 % and a MGR uplift of + 8 . 2 % ( + 6 . 2 % in Q 1-2022 )€ 13. 7 Bn of cash and available credit lines on hand with re financing needs secured for more than 36 months2023 Adjusted Recurring Earnings per Share (AREPS) guidance of €9.30 to €9.50 reconfirmedCommenting on the results  Jean-Marie Tritant  Chief Executive Officer stated:“In Q1-2023  continued growth in Gross Rental Income across all divisions demonstrates the strong operational performance of our business and its effective hedging against inflation.Shopping Centre tenant sales rose above core inflation while robust leasing activity continues to underline the appeal of our Flagship destinations. We signed a higher proportion of long-term deals at an increased MGR  as major retailers continue to increase their store footprint with us as they focus on the most productive stores in prime locations.This core performance was supported by our Offices and C&E divisions  both up strongly  boosted by continued leasing progress at Trinity and the recovery of event activity.”Story continues1. TurnoverURW’s proportionate turnover1 for Q1-2023 amounted to €909.3 Mn  up +1.4% year-on-year  impacted by disposals and lower property development and project management revenues. On a like-for-like basis  URW’s turnover is up +8.5%2  driven by indexation  dynamic Shopping Centre leasing activity  increased variable income (Sales Based Rents  Commercial Partnerships  Parking)  Offices leasing progress and the continued rebound in Convention & Exhibition (“C&E”) activity.Turnover IFRS Proportionate YTD in € Mn  excluding VAT Q1-2023 Q1-2022 Change Q1-2023 Q1-2022 Change Shopping Centres 585.7 572.9 2.2% 733.8 733.3 0.1% Gross Rental Income 496.6 480.8 3.3% 628.9 622.4 1.0% Service charge income 89.1 92.1 -3.2% 104.9 110.9 -5.4% Offices & Others 26.7 22.0 21.3% 28.3 23.5 20.6% Gross Rental Income 21.3 17.8 20.0% 22.7 19.0 19.4% Service charge income 5.4 4.3 26.5% 5.6 4.5 25.6% Convention & Exhibition 75.5 61.2 23.4% 76.3 61.9 23.3% Gross Rental Income 51.8 41.4 25.0% 52.6 42.1 25.0% Service charge income 1.7 1.3 32.2% 1.7 1.3 32.2% Services 22.0 18.5 19.2% 22.0 18.5 18.9% Property services and other activities revenues 41.6 30.6 35.9% 41.6 30.7 35.8% Property development and project management revenues 29.3 47.8 -38.7% 29.3 47.8 -38.7% Total 758.8 734.5 3.3% 909.3 897.1 1.4%Figures may not add up due to rounding.2. Gross Rental Income (GRI)3Group GRI amounted to €704.2 Mn for Q1-2023  an increase of +3.0%  and +7.8% on a like-for-like basis.Shopping Centres GRI on a proportionate basis amounted to €628.9 Mn for Q1-2023  an increase of +1.0% impacted by 2022 disposals in France  Central Europe  Nordics  Germany  The Netherlands and the US. On a like-for-like basis  the GRI increased by +6.4% primarily due to indexation and strong operating performance in 2022 and Q1-2023  demonstrating the Group’s hedging against inflation.Increased GRI was recorded in all countries  except the US and the UK mainly as a result of 2022 and 2023 disposals in the US and FX impact in the UK.Offices & Others GRI improved by +19.4% in Q1-2023  driven by the leasing activity at Trinity in La Défense and the ramp-up of the Pullman Montparnasse hotel as well as the delivery of Gaîté Montparnasse offices in 2022.Two additional leases were signed at Trinity in Q1-2023  taking leasing to 82%.URW also signed a lease with ADLER Smart Solutions in Westfield Hamburg  bringing the total offices GLA signed to c. 9 400 sqm  representing 34% of the office buildings to be delivered in 2024.Further leases are under discussion on these assets.Convention & Exhibition GRI increased by +25.0% from €42.1 Mn in Q1-2022 to €52.6 Mn in Q1-2023  demonstrating the recovery in activity from a Q1-2022 basis still impacted by COVID-19. As at March 31  2023  revenues from completed  signed and pre-booked events in C&E venues for 2023 amounted to c. 91% of its expected 2023 rental income.Gross Rental Income IFRS Proportionate YTD in € Mn  excluding VAT Q1-2023 Q1-2022 Change Q1-2023 Q1-2022 Change Shopping Centres 496.6 480.8 3.3% 628.9 622.4 1.0% France 139.2 139.4 -0.2% 142.0 141.9 0.1% Spain 46.6 43.0 8.4% 46.7 43.1 8.4% Southern Europe 185.8 182.4 1.9% 188.7 185.0 2.0% Central Europe 57.1 51.9 10.0% 61.1 57.6 6.2% Austria 39.2 36.3 8.2% 39.2 36.3 8.2% Germany 24.1 23.8 1.2% 36.8 34.5 6.7% Central and Eastern Europe 120.4 111.9 7.6% 137.2 128.3 6.9% Nordics 30.1 28.9 4.3% 30.1 28.9 4.3% The Netherlands 22.9 22.6 1.3% 22.9 22.6 1.3% Northern Europe 53.1 51.5 3.0% 53.1 51.5 3.0% United Kingdom 24.5 25.7 -4.8% 45.9 47.7 -3.9% United States 112.8 109.3 3.3% 204.1 209.9 -2.8% Offices & Others 21.3 17.8 20.0% 22.7 19.0 19.4% France 15.7 12.3 27.3% 16.2 12.9 26.2% Other countries 5.6 5.4 3.5% 6.5 6.2 5.3% Convention & Exhibition 51.8 41.4 25.0% 52.6 42.1 25.0% Total 569.7 540.0 5.5% 704.2 683.5 3.0%Figures may not add up due to rounding.Major events Q11. Sales4 & Footfall5Tenant sales levels were up +12% compared to Q1-2022  well above Q1-2023 inflation of +6.2%6  continuing the positive trends seen in Q4-2022 and FY-2022 as a whole.In Continental Europe  Q1-2023 sales increased by +17% compared to Q1-2022  with all regions being above Q1-2022. Sales in Austria and Germany were up +27% and +24% respectively compared to Q1-2022  when some COVID-19 restrictions were still in place. Sales in Central Europe were up +25% compared to Q1-2022. Sales in the UK were up +8% compared to Q1-2022  and up +4% in the US driven by Flagship assets which were up +5%.Footfall in the Group’s shopping centres increased by +10% compared to Q1-2022 levels  with +12% in Continental Europe  +12% in the UK and +5% in the US.Footfall Tenant sales Growth vs. 2022 levels Q1-2023 Q1-2023 France +8% +13% Spain +5% +13% Central Europe +16% +25% Austria +24% +27% Germany +19% +24% Nordics +11% +13% The Netherlands +34% n.a. Continental Europe +12% +17% UK +12% +8% Europe +12% +15% US +5% +4% Total Group +10% +12%2. Rent collectionRent collection reached 95%7 for the Group in Q1-2023 above Q1-2022 and in line with Q4-2022 levels  demonstrating the Group’s hedging against inflation based on high sales figures for its retail tenants. Net of bankruptcies  Q1-2023 rent collection is 96%.Region Q1-2023 Q1-20228 Q4-20229 Continental Europe 96% 93% 95% UK 92% 95% 92% Total Europe 95% 93% 94% US 95% 93% 96% Total URW 95% 93% 95%Rent collection continued to increase over time. During Q1-2023  the Group collected additional rents related to 2022  leading to an increase of Q1-2022 collection rate to 98%  Q4-2022 to 96% and FY-2022 to 98%.3. Leasing and vacancyLeasing10In Q1-2023  leasing activity was strong with 588 deals signed in Q1  up +27% vs. Q1-2022 (463 deals) for a total MGR of €106 Mn  up +33% vs. Q1-2022.The proportion of long-term deals (above 36 months11) also increased from 63% in Q1-2022 to 66% in Q1-2023.Overall  MGR uplift in Q1-2023 was +8.2% on top of indexed passing rents. In Continental Europe this figure stood at +4.0%  in the UK it was +4.1% and in the US it was +13.1%. This is above last year’s MGR uplift of +6.2%  even with the higher impact of indexation  confirming the positive trend seen in FY-2022 and illustrating continued retailer appetite for URW’s Flagship destinations.Deals longer than 36 months have an MGR uplift of +14.2% on top of indexed passing rents including +6.0% on top of indexed passing rents in Continental Europe11 and +29.1% in the US  demonstrating the positive operating momentum in the US in particular for Flagship assets (+33.2%). MGR uplift of leases between 12 and 36 months was -2.8% for the Group.Vacancy12EPRA vacancy was at 7.2% for the Group  30 bps below Q1-2022 and 70 bps above final FY-2022 figures in line with historic seasonal patterns. Vacancy is expected to decrease below 2022 levels in 2023.Bankruptcies affected 137 units in Q1-2023  representing just 1.4% of the Group’s total units  including 99 units in Europe. 91% of these units have either already been relet or are still occupied by the existing tenants as at March 31  2023.These figures also reflect an increased focus on filling vacant units with long-term rather than short-term deals. In Continental Europe  78% of vacant units let in Q1-2023 were for long-term deals  compared to 58% in Q4-2022. In the US  the proportion of long-term leases signed on the vacant units was 89% compared to 81% in Q4-2022 for Flagship assets.In Continental Europe  vacancy was at 3.8%  70 bps above FY-2022. In the UK  vacancy slightly decreased to 9.3% vs. 9.4% in FY-2022 and 11.6% in Q1-2022.In the US  vacancy was at 11.7% compared to 10.4% in FY-2022  with US Flagships at 9.4% compared to 8.2% in FY-2022. US Regionals vacancy stood at 13.0% compared to 11.7% in FY-2022  while CBD assets remained affected by work from home policies and security issues with a vacancy level of 25.8% compared to 23.9% in FY-2022.4. Variable income (Sales Based Rents  Commercial Partnerships  Parking)13Total variable income increased by +3% to €67.3 Mn in Q1-2023  including Sales Based Rents (“SBR”) of €28.1 Mn (of which €16.4 Mn for the US)  Commercial Partnerships14 of €23.6 Mn and Parking of €15.5 Mn.5. DisposalsOn February 1  2023  the Group completed the sale of the Westfield North County ground lease located in Escondido  California  to Bridge Group Investments and Steerpoint Capital  transferring ownership and management of the asset. The sale price of $57 Mn (at 100%  URW share 55%) for the asset  which has 30 years left on its ground lease  reflects the property’s book value as at December 31  2022. The asset is a B-rated  1.25 Mn square foot property  which is 89% leased.The Group is engaged in discussions to sell Westfield Valencia Town Center having taken the decision to not repay the $195 Mn15 secured debt on the property that matured on January 1st  2023. The debt is non-recourse and its non-repayment has no impact on the rest of the Group’s debt. If a sale is not achieved  the property will likely be foreclosed leading to a debt reduction of $97.5 Mn. The asset is currently valued at $100.2 Mn16.The Group is in active discussions in relation to several of its US regional assets.URW is committed to its deleveraging plan  which entails a radical reduction of its financial exposure to the US. URW also expects to secure the remaining €0.8 Bn of its €4.0 Bn European disposal target during 2023.On April 21  2023  URW completed the acquisition of Hammerson’s 50% stake in the Croydon Partnership at a price in line with the last unaffected appraisal value and for a site which comprises a 10-hectare parcel which includes the Whitgift and Centrale shopping centres as well as high street retail frontage  office blocks and multi-storey car parks in the heart of the designated GLA Opportunity Area in South London. The Croydon project is fully aligned with the Group’s strategy of unlocking mixed-use development opportunities embedded in its portfolio.6. Financial resourcesSince the beginning of 2023  the Group signed €623 Mn of medium to long-term financing17 including:€403 Mn in March including a €150 Mn 3-year sustainability-linked term loan and a $275 Mn 5-year 17 non-recourse mortgage loan backed by Westfield Galleria at Roseville;€220 Mn in April including a €100 Mn 3-year sustainability-linked term loan and a €120 Mn 5-year non-recourse mortgage loan to refinance a maturing loan backed by Paunsdorf Center18.Taking into account these loans  the Group’s cash-on-hand and undrawn credit facilities position amounts to €13.7 Bn19 on a proportionate basis (vs. €13.2 Bn as at December 31  2022)  including €4.2 Bn20 of cash on hand and €9.4 Bn17 of credit facilities  of which c. €2.1 Bn is maturing over the next 12 months. URW is considering opportunities to extend or renew part of these lines. This liquidity covers more than 36 months of debt maturities21.The terms and conditions of the €1.25 Bn perpetual non-call 2023 hybrid instrument provide the issuer with a call option22 in 2023  and annually thereafter.The decision regarding this call will be made ahead of its First Reset Date23 (i.e. October 25  2023).On April 14  2023  S&P published a research update confirming the “BBB+” long-term rating of the Group with “stable” outlook.7. OutlookBased on the performance in the first quarter of 2023  the Group reconfirms its 2023 Adjusted Recurring Earnings Per Share (AREPS) guidance to be in the range of €9.30 to €9.50 per share.This guidance does not include major disposals in the US in the context of the radical reduction of its financial exposure.The Group assumes no major energy-related restrictions  nor major deterioration to the macro-economic and geopolitical environment.8. Financial scheduleThe next financial events in the Group’s calendar will be:May 11  2023: AGM Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SEJuly 27  2023: H1-2023 resultsFor further information  please contact:Investor RelationsJonathan Hodes+44 7920 058 752Jonathan.Hodes@urw.comMedia RelationsUK/Global:Cornelia Schnepf – FinElk+44 7387 108 998Cornelia.Schnepf@finelk.euFrance:Sonia Fellmann – PLEAD+33 6 27 84 91 30Sonia.Fellmann@plead.frUnited States:Molly Morse – Kekst CNC+ 1 212 521 4826Molly.Morse@kekstcnc.comAbout Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield is an owner  developer and operator of sustainable  high-quality real estate assets in the most dynamic cities in Europe and the United States.The Group operates 78 shopping centres in 12 countries  including 43 which carry the iconic Westfield brand. These centres attract over 900 million visits annually and provide a unique platform for retailers and brands to connect with consumers. URW also has a portfolio of high-quality offices  10 convention and exhibition venues in Paris  and a €3 Bn development pipeline of mainly mixed-use assets. Currently  its €52 Bn portfolio is 87% in retail  6% in offices  5% in convention and exhibition venues  and 2% in services (as at December 31  2022).URW is a committed partner to major cities on urban regeneration projects  through both mixed-use development and the retrofitting of buildings to industry-leading sustainability standards. These commitments are enhanced by the Group’s Better Places 2030 agenda  which strives to make a positive environmental  social and economic impact on the cities and communities where URW operates.URW’s stapled shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Paris (Ticker: URW)  with a secondary listing in Australia through Chess Depositary Interests. The Group benefits from a BBB+ rating from Standard & Poor’s and from a Baa2 rating from Moody’s.For more information  please visit www.urw.com1 Proportionate reflects the impact of proportional consolidation instead of the equity method required by IFRS 11 of the URW jointly controlled assets.2 Excluding acquisitions  divestments  transfers to and from pipeline and property development and project management revenues.3 From an accounting standpoint  Gross Rental Income (“GRI”) includes the indexation  occupancy impact and variable revenues  while doubtful debtor provisions are part of the property operating expenses.4 Tenant sales for all centres (except The Netherlands) in operation  including extensions of existing assets  but excluding deliveries of new brownfield projects  newly acquired assets and assets under heavy refurbishment (Ursynów  Les Ateliers Gaîté  CNIT  Garbera and MUX in Shopping City Süd) or works in the surrounding area (Fisketorvet)  excluding El Corte Inglés sales from Westfield Parquesur and La Vaguada  excluding Zlote Tarasy as this centre is not managed by URW  excluding Carrousel du Louvre and excluding Auto category for Europe and Auto and Department Stores for the US.5 Footfall for all centres in operation  including extensions of existing assets  but excluding deliveries of new brownfield projects  newly acquired assets and assets under heavy refurbishment (Ursynów  Les Ateliers Gaîté  CNIT and Garbera) or works in the surrounding area (Fisketorvet)  excluding Carrousel du Louvre and excluding Zlote Tarasy as this centre is not managed by URW  and excluding in the US  the centres for which no comparable data of the previous year is available.6 Core inflation excluding energy and food average weighted by MGR of each country where the Group operates. HICP for Continental Europe (Eurostat)  Consumer Price Index for the UK (Statista)  annual core inflation (US Bureau Labor of Statistics).7 Retail only  assets at 100%. MGR + CAM in the US. As at April 21  2023. Rents and service charges collected on invoiced amounts. Collection rate based on amounts due is 95% in the UK and 96% at Group level.8 As at April 21  2022.9 As at January 20  2023 (3 weeks after closing date).10 2022 figures for leasing activity have been restated from disposals.11 Assuming French 3/6/9 years leases are long-term leases.12 Vacancy for Shopping Centres.13 Excluding airports.14 Group figure on a proportionate basis. Commercial Partnerships includes both the new Media  Brand & Data Partnerships division presented during the Investor Day in March 2022 and now called “Westfield Rise” for Europe  as well as kiosks  seasonal markets  pop-ups  and car park activations (“Specialty leasing & other income”).15 At 100%.16 Asset value in the Group’s consolidated account as at December 31  2022.17 Subject to covenants.18 As Paunsdorf Center is consolidated at 50.0% (at share) in URW’s proportionate accounts  only €60 Mn (URW share) of the non-recourse debt raised by the asset-owning JV  will be consolidated in URW’s proportionate debt. No debt consolidated under IFRS.19 €13.5 Bn as at March 31  2023  on a proportionate basis.20 On a proportionate basis.21 Excluding hybrid securities  which are accounted for as equity. The hybrid securities are deeply subordinated perpetual instruments with a coupon deferral option and are required to be classified as equity under IFRS.22 On any day in the period starting on  and including the 90th calendar day prior to the First Reset Date (i.e. October 25  2023).23 With the Reset Rate of Interest being equal to the sum of the 5-Year Euro Mid Swaps as at October 23  2023 and the Relevant Margin (i.e. 1.675% until October 24  2028).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.66,0.31,0.03,True,English,"['Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield Q1-2023 Trading Update', 'dynamic Shopping Centre leasing activity', 'UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD Q1-2023 TRADING UPDATE', 'S trong leasing activity', 'Shopping Centre tenant sales', 'Gaîté Montparnasse offices', 'Turnover IFRS Proportionate YTD', 'Pullman Montparnasse hotel', 'robust leasing activity', 'available credit lines', 're financing needs', '2023 Adjusted Recurring Earnings', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'La Défense', 'ADLER Smart Solutions', 'C&E venues', 'project management revenues', 'other activities revenues', 'Minimum Guaranteed Rent', 'Two additional leases', 'STRONG OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE', 'strong operating performance', 'Gross Rental Income', 'lower property development', 'C&E divisions', 'Sales Based Rents', 'Service charge income', 'URW l ocations', 'HEDGING AGAINST INFLATION', 'Shopping Centres', '2023 rental income', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE', 'core performance', 'proportionate turnover1', 'variable income', 'Rent collection', 'Further leases', 'event activity', 'proportionate basis', 'Press release', 'positive trend', 'Continental Europe', 'U K', 'retailer demand', 'AREPS) guidance', 'Jean-Marie Tritant', 'effective hedging', 'Flagship destinations', 'higher proportion', 'major retailers', 'store footprint', 'productive stores', 'prime locations', 'Commercial Partnerships', 'Property services', 'Central Europe', 'The Netherlands', 'Westfield Hamburg', 'office buildings', 'core inflation', 'continued rebound', 'Increased GRI', 'long-term deals', 'FX impact', 'Q1-2022 basis', 'continued growth', 'year sales', 'MGR uplift', 'total offices', 'Group GRI', 'Others GRI', 'footfall growth', 'Exhibition GRI', '58 8 deals', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'April', '2022 disposals', 'indexation', 'FY', 'regions', '2022 levels', '7 Bn', 'cash', 'hand', '36 months', 'Share', 'results', 'business', 'appeal', 'progress', 'Trinity', 'recovery', 'Story', 'Parking', 'Convention', 'Mn', 'VAT', 'Change', 'Figures', 'rounding', 'France', 'Nordics', 'Germany', 'countries', 'UK', '2023 disposals', 'ramp-up', 'delivery', 'GLA', 'discussion', 'assets', 'COVID', 'March', 'events', 'expected', '€']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23769,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/q1-2023-turnover-98-9-165000528.html,Q1 2023 Turnover: €98.9 million,Q1 2023 Turnover: €98.9 million Strong increase in energy sales and internal services Energy sales: +46%. A 40% increase in production thanks to better wind ...,"VoltaliaQ1 2023 Turnover: €98.9 millionStrong increase in energy sales and internal servicesEnergy sales: +46%. A 40% increase in production thanks to better wind and solar resources and the full-year effect of the 2022 commissioningServices: +58%. Internal services multiplied by five  with a record level of construction sites for own account  but a 31% decrease in services to third-party clients  a one-off decrease  yet with a strong momentum (x2.5) in capacity under construction for third-party clientsAfter eliminating Internal Services  which mobilized a large part of the teams during the quarter  turnover up +4%Capacity in operation and construction2.6 GW in operation and under construction (+31%)  including 1 GW under construction2023 objectives confirmedAchievement of the 2023 target of 2.6 GW of capacity in operation and under construction in 2022  one year ahead of scheduleConfirmation of normalised EBITDA1 target of €275-300 million2027 ambitions reaffirmedOwned capacity in operation and under construction: over 5 GWCapacity operated on behalf of third parties: over 8 GWNormalised EBITDA 2 : around €475 millionCO 2 -equivalent avoided: over 4 million tonnesVoltalia (Euronext Paris  code ISIN : FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  publishes its first quarter 2023 turnover.“ The quarter was marked by a sustained increase in energy sales. It was a record first quarter thanks to commissioning in recent months and better wind conditions  both in Brazil and in France. In Services  growth was driven by internal services  reflecting the ramp-up of the power plant projects to be commissioned this year. On the strength of this first quarter  we reaffirm our 2023 EBITDA target and our 2027 ambitions ”  commented Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.Q1 2023 TURNOVERIn € million3 Q1 2023 Q1 2022 ChangeAt current exchange rates ChangeAt constant exchange rates4 Energy Sales 62.9 43.0 +46% +41% Services 101.9 64.7 +58% +55% Eliminations -65.9 -12.4 x5 x5 Turnover 98.9 95.3 +4% 0%ACTIVITY REVIEWTotal turnover for Q1 2023 amounted to €98.9 million  up +4% (stable at constant exchange rates). Energy Sales and Services (after eliminations) contributed to respectively 64% and 36% of the quarter's turnover.Story continuesENERGY SALESOperational indicators Q1 2023 Q1 2022 Variation Production (in GWh) 950 678 +40% Installed capacity (in MW) 1 637 1 161 +41% Installed and under construction capacity (in MW)5 2 617 2 001 +31% Wind load factor in Brazil 40% 33% +7pts Solar load factor in Brazil 21% - - Wind load factor in France 29% 27% +2pts Solar load factor in France 13% 14% -1pt Solar load factor in Egypt 23% 23% - Solar load factor in Jordania 20% 21% -1ptQ1 2023 turnover from Energy Sales reached €62.9 million  up +46% (+41% at constant exchange rates) compared to Q1 2022.Quarterly production amounted to 0.9 TWh compared to 0.7 TWh in 2022  reflecting the improvement in wind and solar resources and the increase in installed capacity in operation to 1 637 MW (+41%) at the end of March 2023.Analysis by countryIn Brazil  production increased by +45% to 794 MWh  benefiting in particular from the full production of the SSM1-2 solar power plants (320 MW)  which was commissioned progressively in 2022  and from better wind conditions at the wind power plants;In France  production increased by +4%  benefiting from the commissioning in 2022 of Carrières de Plaines (8.9 MW) and the acquisition of Cap Sud by Helexia in March 2022 (renamed Helexia Agri);In other countries  Voltalia benefits from the growth of Helexia  as well as the commissioning of South Farm in the United Kingdom (49.9 MW) and Stavria in Greece (12 MW).SERVICESQ1 2023 turnover from Services (internal and external) reached €101.9 million  up +58% (+55% at constant exchange rates) compared to Q1 2022.The Development  Construction and Equipment Procurement segment increased by +61% to €92.9 million  thanks to a five-fold increase in internal activity over the period  reflecting the record capacity under construction for own account  which amounted to 980 MW at the end of March 2023. External turnover from these segments on behalf of third-party customers decreased by 38% to €30.2 million. Although more than 580 MW are currently under construction for third party customers (x2.5 vs Q1 2022)  few significant milestones have yet been reached during the period  as Voltalia recognizes construction turnover as projects progress.The Operation-Maintenance segment increased by +31% to €9.0 million (+31% at constant exchange rates) thanks to the strong momentum of new third-party contracts won in Europe and Brazil.Eliminations of turnover in Q1 2023 amounted to €65.9 million (x5 at current and constant exchange rates)  reflecting the strong increase in internal services for plants under construction  the vast majority of which are due to be commissioned before the end of 2023  and in operation.RECENT DEVELOPMENTS (SELECTION)Mandate with IFC for the financing of the Dwangwa solar power plant in Malawi 6Voltalia has signed a mandate with IFC (International Finance Corporation)  the private sector arm of the World Bank Group  to finance the Dwangwa project in Malawi (55 MW of solar power and 10 MW of battery storage). The electricity will be sold under a 20-year contract with Electricity Supply Corporation of Malawi Ltd  the state-owned electricity transmission and distribution company.The Sud Vannier wind farm produces its first kilowatt hours7Voltalia is continuing to establish itself in the Grand Est region with the commissioning of its Sud Vannier wind farm. With a capacity of 23.6 MW  the project is the third wind farm in the northeast quarter of France after those of Sarry (23.1 MW) and Molinons (10 MW). The production is sold to Leroy Merlin under a 23-year contract  the first corporate PPA8 for wind power in France.Appeal of a preliminary decision to suspend permits for the Canudos project in Brazil9The preliminary judicial decision relates to the permits for the Canudos wind farms  located in the state of Bahia  and currently under construction with a total capacity of 99.4 MW. According to the decision  the environmental agency has implemented a procedure that was not applicable. Indeed  the project is located in an area populated by the aras de lear  a brazilian parrot. A complementary environmental study is requested.2023 OBJECTIVES CONFIRMEDVoltalia recalls that its target of 2.6 GW of capacity in operation and under construction  which the Company had planned to reach by the end of 2023  was reached by the end of 202210  one year ahead of schedule.Voltalia reiterates its normalised EBITDA11 target for 2023  which is expected to be in the range of €275 to €300 million.2027 AMBITIONS REAFFIRMEDLast October  Voltalia defined a new growth plan for 2027  including the following ambitions:Owned operating and construction capacity: over 5 GW;Capacity operated on behalf of third parties: over 8 GW;Normalised EBITDA 12 : around €475 million;CO 2 -equivalent avoided: over 4 million tonnes.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements about Voltalia and its subsidiaries. These statements include financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  or future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""forecasts "" ""projects "" ""seeks "" ""strives "" ""aims "" ""hopes "" ""plans "" ""may "" ""goal "" ""objective "" ""projection "" ""outlook "" and other similar expressions. Although Voltalia's management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors and shareholders of the Group are cautioned that forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond Voltalia's control  that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include those discussed or identified in the public filings made by Voltalia with the Autorité des marchés financiers  including those listed in Chapter 2 ""Risk Factors and Risk Management"" of Voltalia's 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers on April 14  2023 under number D.23-0267 and in Chapter 5 ""Principal Risks and Trends"" of the 2022 interim financial report. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this press release and Voltalia undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking information or statements included in this press release to reflect any change in expectations or events  conditions or circumstances on which any such forward-looking statement is based. Any information regarding past performance contained in this press release should not be construed as a guarantee of future performance. Nothing in this press release should be construed as an investment recommendation or legal  tax  investment or accounting advice.Installed capacity as of March 31  2023In MW Wind Solar Biomass Hydro Storage / Hybrid 31 March 2023 31 March 2022 Belgium 13.4 13.4 15.0 Brazil 732.3 347.5 12.0 1 091.8 766.3 Egypt 32.0 32.0 32.0 France 88.9 146.6 4.5 240.0 164.3 French Guiana 8.3 6.8 5.4 13.1 33.6 29.3 Greece 16.7 16.7 16.7 Hungaria 0.9 0.9 - Italy 15.3 15.3 13.0 Jordan 57.0 57.0 57.0 Portugal 36.1 36.1 20.0 Spain 10.6 10.6 8.0 United Kingdom 57.3 32.0 89.3 39.3 Total 821.2 741.7 6.8 9.9 57.1 1 636.7 1 160.9Capacity under construction as of March 31  2023Name of the project Capacity Techno. Country Canudos 1 99.4 Wind Brazil Rives Charentaises 37.4 Wind France Cafesoca 7.5 Hydro Brazil Bolebedu 148.0 Solar South Africa Karavasta 140.0 Solar Albania SSM 3-6 260.0 Solar Brazil Logelbach 12.1 Solar France Montclar 3.7 Solar France Sable Blanc 5.0 Solar French Guiana Garrido 36.4 Solar Portugal Clifton 45.0 Solar Great Britain Higher Stockbridge 45.0 Solar Great Britain Sinamary 11.0 Hydro /storage French Guiana Lercara Friddi 3.4 Solar Italy Helexia 0.4 Solar Belgium Helexia 66.4 Solar Brazil Helexia 9.1 Solar Spain Helexia 22.4 Solar France Helexia 22.8 Solar Hungary Helexia 1.5 Solar Italy Helexia 3.9 Solar Portugal Total (in MW) 980.4Power production as of March 31  2023In GWh Wind Solar Biomass Hydro Hybrid Q1 2023 Q1 2022 Belgium 1.5 1.5 2.1 Brazil 633.80 149.8 10.1 793.7 546.4 Egypt 17.4 17.4 17.2 Spain 2.8 2.8 1.8 France 39.5 31.5 0.1 71.1 61.5 French Guiana 2.1 9.8 11.9 12.0 Greece 5.6 5.6 1.8 Italy 4.9 4.9 4.2 Jordan 25.4 25.4 25.6 Portugal 5.4 5.4 4.4 United Kingdom 10.5 10.5 1.5 Total 673.3 256.9 9.8 0.1 10.1 950.2 678.5Next on the agenda : Q2 2023 turnover on July 26  2023 (after market close)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity from its wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities. It has 2 6 GW of capacity in operation and under construction and a portfolio of projects under development with a total capacity of 14 2 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its renewable energy custommers at every stage of their projects  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia offers a comprehensive range of services to businesses  from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of its own electricity.With more than 1 550 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally for its customers.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment A (FR0011995588 – VLTSA). The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  the index of responsible midcaps. VoltaliaInvestor relations : invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress relations : Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr - T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191 Estimated ""normalised EBITDA"" at December 31 2023  calculated with an average annual EUR/BRL exchange rate of 6.3 and a wind  solar and hydraulic resource corresponding to the long-term average.2 Estimated ""normalised EBITDA"" at December 31 2027  calculated with an average annual EUR/BRL exchange rate of 5.5 and a wind  solar and hydraulic resource corresponding to the long-term average.3 The above amounts are the sum of the consolidated data  rounded to the first decimal place.4 Calculated on a constant exchange rate basis with an average EUR/BRL exchange rate of 5.6 in Q1 2023 versus 5.9 in Q1 2022.5 As of March 31.6 Press release of April 18  20237 Press release of April 24  20238 Corporate Power Purchase Agreement : a long-term contract for the sale of renewable electricity that links the producer directly to the company that consumes the electricity.9 Press release of April 19  202310 Press release of January 4  202311 Estimated ""normalised EBITDA"" at December 31 2023  calculated with an average annual EUR/BRL exchange rate of 6.3 and a wind  solar and hydraulic resource corresponding to the long-term average.12 Estimated ""normalised EBITDA"" at December 31 2027  calculated with an average annual EUR/BRL exchange rate of 5.5 and a wind  solar and hydraulic resource corresponding to the long-term average.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.8,0.17,0.03,True,English,"['Turnover', 'constant exchange rates4 Energy Sales', 'Carrières de Plaines', 'SSM1-2 solar power plants', 'current exchange rates Change', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'Solar load factor', 'Dwangwa solar pow', 'power plant projects', 'Equipment Procurement segment', 'new third-party contracts', 'Wind load factor', 'wind power plants', 'normalised EBITDA1 target', 'third party customers', 'record first quarter', 'first quarter 2023 turnover', 'solar resources', 'third-party customers', 'third parties', 'projects progress', 'Operation-Maintenance segment', 'record level', 'third-party clients', 'wind conditions', 'full-year effect', 'strong momentum', 'large part', '4 million tonnes', 'Euronext Paris', 'international player', 'renewable energies', 'recent months', 'Operational indicators', 'Cap Sud', 'other countries', 'South Farm', 'United Kingdom', 'internal activity', 'significant milestones', 'vast majority', 'RECENT DEVELOPMENTS', 'Strong increase', 'sustained increase', 'five-fold increase', 'record capacity', 'Total turnover', 'internal services', '2023 EBITDA target', 'Variation Production', 'Quarterly production', 'full production', 'Helexia Agri', 'construction sites', 'External turnover', 'Q1 2023 turnover', '2022 commissioning Services', 'construction turnover', 'construction capacity', '5 GW Capacity', '2023 target', '40% increase', '2.6 GW', '1 GW', '8 GW', 'Voltalia', 'account', '31% decrease', 'teams', '2023 objectives', 'Achievement', 'schedule', 'Confirmation', '2027 ambitions', 'behalf', 'code', 'ISIN', 'Brazil', 'France', 'growth', 'ramp-up', 'strength', 'CEO', 'Eliminations', 'REVIEW', 'Story', 'GWh', 'MW', 'Egypt', 'Jordania', '0.9 TWh', '0.7 TWh', 'improvement', 'end', 'March', 'Analysis', 'country', 'acquisition', 'Stavria', 'Greece', 'period', 'segments', 'Europe', 'SELECTION', 'Mandate', 'IFC', 'financing', '€']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23770,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-to-attend-the-hc-wainwright-bioconnect-investor-conference-2023-301807076.html,Pharming to attend the H.C. Wainwright BioConnect Investor Conference 2023,"LEIDEN  Netherlands  April 26  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that Pharming's Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries will attend the H.C. Wainwright BioConnect Investor Conference 2…","LEIDEN  Netherlands  April 26  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that Pharming's Chief Executive Officer  Sijmen de Vries will attend the H.C. Wainwright BioConnect Investor Conference 2023 on May 2  2023 in New York and will take part in a fireside chat at 11:00 ET/17:00 CEST.Pharming's CEO will be available for one-to-one investor meetings during the conference.For more information about the conference  or to schedule a one-to-one with Pharming's management team  please contact your H.C. Wainwright representative  or send an email to Pharming's Investor Relations team to [email protected].About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: [email protected]FTI Consulting  London  UK Victoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy Byrne T: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The Netherlands Leon Melens T: +31 6 53 81 64 27 E: [email protected]Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2003587/4004079/Pharming_Group_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group N.V.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['H.C. Wainwright BioConnect Investor Conference', 'H.C. Wainwright BioConnect Investor Conference', 'SOURCE Pharming Group N.V.', 'H.C. Wainwright representative', 'LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication', 'The Netherlands Leon Melens', 'VP Investor Relations', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Corporate Communications T', 'Corporate Communications Manager', 'Victoria Foster Mitchell', 'Amy Byrne T', 'Investor Relations team', 'protein replacement therapies', 'one investor meetings', 'management team', 'gene therapies', 'New York', 'fireside chat', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'precision medicines', 'small molecules', 'early to', 'late-stage development', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'Michael Levitan', 'Heather Robertson', 'FTI Consulting', 'Alex Shaw', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'public information', 'LEIDEN', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Nasdaq', 'May', 'part', '11:00 ET', 'CEO', 'email', 'lives', 'patients', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'London', 'UK', 'Logo', '31']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,prnewswire.com
23771,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JCDECAUX-SE-4664/news/Following-France-and-Belgium-JCDecaux-signs-a-contract-with-Carrefour-Group-Brazil-to-bring-the-bes-43648437/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Following France and Belgium  JCDecaux signs a contract with Carrefour Group Brazil to bring the best of Digital Out-of-Home (DOOH) to Retail Media,(marketscreener.com) Following France and Belgium  JCDecaux signs a contract with Carrefour Group Brazil to bring the best of Digital Out-of-Home to Retail Media Paris  April 26th  2023 – JCDecaux SE   the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  ann…,"Following France and Belgium  JCDecaux signs a contract with Carrefour Group Brazil to bring the best of Digital Out-of-Home (DOOH) to Retail MediaParis  April 26th  2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announces the signing of a contract with Carrefour Group Brazil – the largest retailer in the country – focusing on a DOOH Retail Media offering that is enhanced by data analytics. This new core business strengthens JCDecaux's expertise in Brazil  which has the largest national supply of street furniture  with more than 18 000 advertising panels strategically positioned in 11 major cities.From the second half of 2023  300 new screens will be installed across the 90 hypermarkets  located in the States of São Paulo  Rio de Janeiro  the Federal District  Minas Gerais  Paraná  Rio Grande do Sul and Goiás. In addition to strengthening JCDecaux’s presence in the Southeast and opening up a new Out-of-Home environment  the partnership also marks the company's entry to large cities in the South and Midwest  enabling JCDecaux to connect brands to the areas of Brazil which contribute most to the country’s national GDP.Focused on high quality  targeted audiences  the new DOOH Retail Media offering aims to enhance the customer journey. It will deliver the best in-class international standards in OOH advertising for the Retail and the mass-market through the range of JCDecaux’s Data Solutions which helps advertisers to plan campaigns  engage audiences and measure performance to obtain the best results.The offer also demonstrates JCDecaux’s ability to innovate in Brazil  delivering a virtuous ecosystem for the retailer  brands and customers  which is based on day-to-day analysis of anonymised transaction data. Cross-referenced with other data from platforms including metros and Street Furniture  JCDecaux will offer a combination of relevant data for advertisers  which is managed through a “Data as a service” approach to enable increasingly effective campaigns.This new partnership strengthens JCDecaux’s DOOH Retail Media offering  which has already been introduced in several countries in the JCDecaux Group: in France  notably in Carrefour convenience stores and in Parisian department stores  in Belgium  in the 100 largest Carrefour stores  and in a retail network across the United Kingdom. In these markets and now in Brazil  JCDecaux will provide a comprehensive DOOH Retail Media solution  covering all stages of the value chain including the design  installation and maintenance of the digital screens  selection of locations to maximise and target audiences  media planning and marketing of the advertising space  campaign delivery and post-campaign analysis of conversion and performance.Sam James  Chief Digital Officer of Carrefour Group Brazil  said: ""For the Carrefour Group Brazil  signing a contract with JCDecaux is another important initiative to promote the digital transformation that will accelerate over the next 5 years. We are launching a new media channel  DOOH to our hypermarket store ecosystem  an opportunity that has never before been available in our market.”Cristiana Leal  Director of Retail Media & Data Monetization at Carrefour Group Brazil  said: ""This DOOH project for our hypermarket stores complements our Retail Media strategy. Bringing digital media to our galleries is a further step in digitising the shopping journey in stores  promoting targeted and relevant advertising messages to our consumers that will enhance their retail experience. When it came to this partnership - JCDecaux was the natural choice"".Ana Célia Biondi  General Director of JCDecaux Brazil  said: “This is an unprecedented step that marks the expansion of JCDecaux in Brazil. Thanks to the introduction of this new media solution  our clients will be able to build and strengthen their advertising strategies using the first 100% data-driven Retail Media solution to reach residents and visitors. Advertisers will be able to accompany audiences throughout their customer journey and to create contextually relevant campaigns in a completely new way. This type of solution  which is based on high-quality  targeted data  will help brands to meet their marketing goals"".Jean-Charles Decaux  Chairman of the Executive Board and Co-CEO of JCDecaux  said: ""We are delighted to strengthen our partnership with Carrefour in Brazil  following the roll-out of our data-enhanced DOOH Retail Media solutions in the retailer’s French and Belgian stores. Our DOOH and data-driven solutions have proven effective in the multi-channel ecosystem of this global leading food retailer. Both digital and physical channels enable advertisers to communicate as close as possible to the point of purchase. DOOH is an effective solution because it launches campaigns using geolocated and contextualised transaction data  to drive responsiveness and boost sales. In line with our responsible commitments  JCDecaux will supply the most efficient screens with respect to quality  energy and lifespan  following the example of our digital solutions deployed in Brazil as well as other markets"".Key Figures for JCDecaux2022 revenue: €3 317m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of more than 850 million people in more than 80 countries1 040 132 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 573 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants11 200 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.6/5)  CDP (A- Leadership)  MSCI (AA) and has achieved Platinum Medal status from EcoVadis1 st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100 Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (604 536 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 153 airports and 205 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (333 620 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (101 976 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (654 957 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (170 973 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (129 305 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (24 198 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (19 371 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com.Join us on Twitter  LinkedIn  Facebook  Instagram and YouTube.Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAbout the Carrefour Group BrazilIn the country for 47 years  the Carrefour Group Brazil is the leader in food retailing. From an omnichannel and multiformat platform  it brings together retail operations and Cash & Carry  the shopping club with Sam’s Club  in addition to Banco Carrefour and its real estate division  Carrefour Property. Currently  it has the formats Carrefour (hypermarket)  Carrefour Bairro  Carrefour Market (supermarket)  Carrefour Express (local retail)  Carrefour.com (e-commerce)  Atacadão and Maxxi (wholesale and self-service wholesale)  Sam´s Club (shopping club)  TodoDia (discount supermarket)  Bompreço and Nacional (supermarkets)  in addition to gas stations and drugstores. Present in all states and the Federal District  its operation already covers more than a thousand points of sale. Largest private employer in the country  the company is the second largest operation among the countries in which the Carrefour Group operates and one of the 20 largest companies listed on the Brazilian stock exchange (B3). Click here to learn more about the Group.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.61,0.39,0.0,True,English,"['Carrefour Group Brazil', 'Retail Media', 'France', 'Belgium', 'JCDecaux', 'contract', 'Home', 'DOOH', 'first 100% data-driven Retail Media solution', 'comprehensive DOOH Retail Media solution', 'new DOOH Retail Media offering', 'Ana Célia Biondi', 'Rio Grande do Sul', 'global leading food retailer', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'DOOH Retail Media solutions', 'high quality, targeted audiences', 'Retail Media strategy', 'Rio de Janeiro', 'new media solution', 'new media channel', 'class international standards', 'new core business', 'São Paulo', 'Parisian department stores', 'anonymised transaction data', 'contextualised transaction data', 'largest national supply', 'Carrefour convenience stores', 'Chief Digital Officer', 'high-quality, targeted data', 'hypermarket store ecosystem', 'relevant advertising messages', '100 largest Carrefour stores', 'Carrefour Group Brazil', 'data-driven solutions', 'media planning', 'digital media', 'retail network', 'retail experience', 'effective solution', 'DOOH project', 'Data Solutions', 'hypermarket stores', 'largest retailer', '300 new screens', 'new way', 'relevant data', '18,000 advertising panels', 'Goiás', 'national GDP', 'OOH advertising', 'advertising space', 'advertising strategies', 'virtuous ecosystem', 'Belgian stores', 'multi-channel ecosystem', 'data analytics', 'other data', 'Data Monetization', 'JCDecaux Group', 'street furniture', '11 major cities', 'second half', 'Federal District', 'Minas Gerais', 'large cities', 'customer journey', 'best results', 'service” approach', 'several countries', 'United Kingdom', 'value chain', 'digital screens', 'campaign delivery', 'post-campaign analysis', 'Sam James', 'important initiative', 'digital transformation', 'next 5 years', 'Cristiana Leal', 'shopping journey', 'natural choice', 'Jean-Charles Decaux', 'Executive Board', 'physical channels', 'responsible commitments', 'efficient screens', 'new partnership', 'relevant campaigns', 'Euronext Paris', 'Home environment', 'day analysis', 'effective campaigns', 'General Director', 'unprecedented step', 'marketing goals', 'JCDecaux SE', 'JCDecaux Brazil', 'France', 'Belgium', 'contract', 'April', 'number', 'signing', 'country', 'expertise', '90 hypermarkets', 'States', 'Paraná', 'addition', 'presence', 'Southeast', 'entry', 'Midwest', 'brands', 'areas', 'mass-market', 'range', 'advertisers', 'performance', 'ability', 'customers', 'platforms', 'metros', 'combination', 'stages', 'design', 'installation', 'maintenance', 'selection', 'locations', 'conversion', 'opportunity', 'galleries', 'consumers', 'expansion', 'introduction', 'clients', 'residents', 'visitors', 'type', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'roll', 'data-enhanced', 'French', 'point', 'purchase', 'geolocated', 'responsiveness', 'sales', 'line', 'respect', 'energy', 'lifespan', 'example']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23772,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2655421/0/en/Following-France-and-Belgium-JCDecaux-signs-a-contract-with-Carrefour-Group-Brazil-to-bring-the-best-of-Digital-Out-of-Home-DOOH-to-Retail-Media.html,Following France and Belgium  JCDecaux signs a contract with Carrefour Group Brazil to bring the best of Digital Out-of-Home (DOOH) to Retail Media,Following France and Belgium  JCDecaux signs a contract with Carrefour Group Brazil to bring the best of Digital Out-of-Home (DOOH) to Retail Media       ...,"English FrenchFollowing France and Belgium  JCDecaux signs a contract with Carrefour Group Brazil to bring the best of Digital Out-of-Home (DOOH) to Retail MediaParis  April 26th  2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  announces the signing of a contract with Carrefour Group Brazil – the largest retailer in the country – focusing on a DOOH Retail Media offering that is enhanced by data analytics. This new core business strengthens JCDecaux's expertise in Brazil  which has the largest national supply of street furniture  with more than 18 000 advertising panels strategically positioned in 11 major cities.From the second half of 2023  300 new screens will be installed across the 90 hypermarkets  located in the States of São Paulo  Rio de Janeiro  the Federal District  Minas Gerais  Paraná  Rio Grande do Sul and Goiás. In addition to strengthening JCDecaux’s presence in the Southeast and opening up a new Out-of-Home environment  the partnership also marks the company's entry to large cities in the South and Midwest  enabling JCDecaux to connect brands to the areas of Brazil which contribute most to the country’s national GDP.Focused on high quality  targeted audiences  the new DOOH Retail Media offering aims to enhance the customer journey. It will deliver the best in-class international standards in OOH advertising for the Retail and the mass-market through the range of JCDecaux’s Data Solutions which helps advertisers to plan campaigns  engage audiences and measure performance to obtain the best results.The offer also demonstrates JCDecaux’s ability to innovate in Brazil  delivering a virtuous ecosystem for the retailer  brands and customers  which is based on day-to-day analysis of anonymised transaction data. Cross-referenced with other data from platforms including metros and Street Furniture  JCDecaux will offer a combination of relevant data for advertisers  which is managed through a “Data as a service” approach to enable increasingly effective campaigns.This new partnership strengthens JCDecaux’s DOOH Retail Media offering  which has already been introduced in several countries in the JCDecaux Group: in France  notably in Carrefour convenience stores and in Parisian department stores  in Belgium  in the 100 largest Carrefour stores  and in a retail network across the United Kingdom. In these markets and now in Brazil  JCDecaux will provide a comprehensive DOOH Retail Media solution  covering all stages of the value chain including the design  installation and maintenance of the digital screens  selection of locations to maximise and target audiences  media planning and marketing of the advertising space  campaign delivery and post-campaign analysis of conversion and performance.Sam James  Chief Digital Officer of Carrefour Group Brazil  said: ""For the Carrefour Group Brazil  signing a contract with JCDecaux is another important initiative to promote the digital transformation that will accelerate over the next 5 years. We are launching a new media channel  DOOH to our hypermarket store ecosystem  an opportunity that has never before been available in our market.”Cristiana Leal  Director of Retail Media & Data Monetization at Carrefour Group Brazil  said: ""This DOOH project for our hypermarket stores complements our Retail Media strategy. Bringing digital media to our galleries is a further step in digitising the shopping journey in stores  promoting targeted and relevant advertising messages to our consumers that will enhance their retail experience. When it came to this partnership - JCDecaux was the natural choice"".Ana Célia Biondi  General Director of JCDecaux Brazil  said: “This is an unprecedented step that marks the expansion of JCDecaux in Brazil. Thanks to the introduction of this new media solution  our clients will be able to build and strengthen their advertising strategies using the first 100% data-driven Retail Media solution to reach residents and visitors. Advertisers will be able to accompany audiences throughout their customer journey and to create contextually relevant campaigns in a completely new way. This type of solution  which is based on high-quality  targeted data  will help brands to meet their marketing goals"".Jean-Charles Decaux  Chairman of the Executive Board and Co-CEO of JCDecaux  said: ""We are delighted to strengthen our partnership with Carrefour in Brazil  following the roll-out of our data-enhanced DOOH Retail Media solutions in the retailer’s French and Belgian stores. Our DOOH and data-driven solutions have proven effective in the multi-channel ecosystem of this global leading food retailer. Both digital and physical channels enable advertisers to communicate as close as possible to the point of purchase. DOOH is an effective solution because it launches campaigns using geolocated and contextualised transaction data  to drive responsiveness and boost sales. In line with our responsible commitments  JCDecaux will supply the most efficient screens with respect to quality  energy and lifespan  following the example of our digital solutions deployed in Brazil as well as other markets"".Key Figures for JCDecaux2022 revenue: €3 317m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of more than 850 million people in more than 80 countries1 040 132 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 573 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants11 200 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.6/5)  CDP (A- Leadership)  MSCI (AA) and has achieved Platinum Medal status from EcoVadis1 st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100 Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (604 536 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 153 airports and 205 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (333 620 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (101 976 advertising panels worldwide)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (654 957 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (170 973 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (129 305 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (24 198 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (19 371 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com.Join us on Twitter  LinkedIn  Facebook  Instagram and YouTube.Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAbout the Carrefour Group BrazilIn the country for 47 years  the Carrefour Group Brazil is the leader in food retailing. From an omnichannel and multiformat platform  it brings together retail operations and Cash & Carry  the shopping club with Sam’s Club  in addition to Banco Carrefour and its real estate division  Carrefour Property. Currently  it has the formats Carrefour (hypermarket)  Carrefour Bairro  Carrefour Market (supermarket)  Carrefour Express (local retail)  Carrefour.com (e-commerce)  Atacadão and Maxxi (wholesale and self-service wholesale)  Sam´s Club (shopping club)  TodoDia (discount supermarket)  Bompreço and Nacional (supermarkets)  in addition to gas stations and drugstores. Present in all states and the Federal District  its operation already covers more than a thousand points of sale. Largest private employer in the country  the company is the second largest operation among the countries in which the Carrefour Group operates and one of the 20 largest companies listed on the Brazilian stock exchange (B3). Click here to learn more about the Group.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.53,0.46,0.0,True,English,"['Carrefour Group Brazil', 'Retail Media', 'France', 'Belgium', 'JCDecaux', 'contract', 'Home', 'DOOH', 'first 100% data-driven Retail Media solution', 'comprehensive DOOH Retail Media solution', 'new DOOH Retail Media offering', 'Ana Célia Biondi', 'Rio Grande do Sul', 'global leading food retailer', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'DOOH Retail Media solutions', 'high quality, targeted audiences', 'Retail Media strategy', 'Rio de Janeiro', 'new media solution', 'new media channel', 'class international standards', 'new core business', 'São Paulo', 'Parisian department stores', 'anonymised transaction data', 'contextualised transaction data', 'largest national supply', 'Carrefour convenience stores', 'Chief Digital Officer', 'high-quality, targeted data', 'hypermarket store ecosystem', 'relevant advertising messages', '100 largest Carrefour stores', 'Carrefour Group Brazil', 'data-driven solutions', 'media planning', 'digital media', 'retail network', 'retail experience', 'effective solution', 'DOOH project', 'Data Solutions', 'hypermarket stores', 'largest retailer', '300 new screens', 'new way', 'relevant data', '18,000 advertising panels', 'Goiás', 'national GDP', 'OOH advertising', 'advertising space', 'advertising strategies', 'virtuous ecosystem', 'Belgian stores', 'multi-channel ecosystem', 'data analytics', 'other data', 'Data Monetization', 'JCDecaux Group', 'street furniture', '11 major cities', 'second half', 'Federal District', 'Minas Gerais', 'large cities', 'customer journey', 'service” approach', 'several countries', 'United Kingdom', 'value chain', 'digital screens', 'campaign delivery', 'post-campaign analysis', 'Sam James', 'important initiative', 'digital transformation', 'next 5 years', 'Cristiana Leal', 'shopping journey', 'natural choice', 'Jean-Charles Decaux', 'Executive Board', 'physical channels', 'responsible commitments', 'efficient screens', 'new partnership', 'relevant campaigns', 'English French', 'Euronext Paris', 'Home environment', 'best results', 'day analysis', 'effective campaigns', 'General Director', 'unprecedented step', 'marketing goals', 'JCDecaux SE', 'JCDecaux Brazil', 'France', 'Belgium', 'contract', 'April', 'number', 'signing', 'country', 'expertise', '90 hypermarkets', 'States', 'Paraná', 'addition', 'presence', 'Southeast', 'entry', 'Midwest', 'brands', 'areas', 'mass-market', 'range', 'advertisers', 'performance', 'ability', 'customers', 'platforms', 'metros', 'combination', 'stages', 'design', 'installation', 'maintenance', 'selection', 'locations', 'conversion', 'opportunity', 'galleries', 'consumers', 'expansion', 'introduction', 'clients', 'residents', 'visitors', 'type', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'data-enhanced', 'point', 'purchase', 'geolocated', 'responsiveness', 'sales', 'line', 'respect', 'energy', 'lifespan']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23773,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2654833/0/en/Resolutions-passed-by-Vopak-s-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Resolutions passed by Vopak’s Annual General Meeting,Resolutions passed by Vopak’s Annual General Meeting      Rotterdam  the Netherlands  26 April 2023      The Annual General Meeting of Koninklijke...,Resolutions passed by Vopak’s Annual General MeetingRotterdam  the Netherlands  26 April 2023The Annual General Meeting of Koninklijke Vopak N.V. (Royal Vopak) held on 26 April 2023 passed the following resolutions:Positive advisory vote implementation remuneration policy for the 2022 financial year.Adoption of the financial statements for the 2022 financial year.Approval of the proposed dividend. A dividend of EUR 1.30 per ordinary share with a nominal value of EUR 0.50 will be distributed wholly in cash on 5 May 2023. As from 28 April 2023  the shares of Vopak will be listed ex-dividend on Euronext Amsterdam.Discharge from liability of the Executive Board members’ conduct of the company’s affairs for the 2022 financial year.Discharge from liability of the Supervisory Board members’ supervision exercised for the 2022 financial year.Re-appointment of Mrs. N. Giadrossi as a member of the Supervisory Board for a term of 4 years.Approval of the amended Remuneration policy for the Supervisory Board.Approval of the amended Remuneration policy for the Executive Board.Authorization of the Executive Board for a period of 18 months  up till and including 25 October 2024  to acquire  subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board  for valuable consideration  fully paid-up ordinary shares in Royal Vopak  on the stock exchange or otherwise  up to the maximum number that may be held by the company in accordance with the law and the Articles of Association in force at the date of acquisition.Appointment of Deloitte Accountants B.V. as the external auditor of Royal Vopak and their engagement to examine the company’s financial statements for the 2024 financial year.This press release may contain inside information as meant in clause 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation.About VopakRoyal Vopak is the world’s leading independent tank storage company. We store vital products with care. Products for everyday life. The energy that allows people to cook  heat or cool their homes and for transportation. The chemicals that enable companies to manufacture millions of useful products. The edible oils to prepare food. We take pride in improving access to cleaner energy and feedstocks for a growing world population  ensuring safe  clean and efficient storage and handling of bulk liquid products and gases at strategic locations around the world. We are excited to help shape a sustainable future by developing infrastructure solutions for new vital products  focusing on zero- and low-carbon hydrogen  ammonia  CO2  long duration energy storage and sustainable feedstocks. We have a track record of over 400 years in navigating change and are continuously investing in innovation. On sustainability  we are ambitious and performance driven  with a balanced roadmap that reflects key topics that matter most to our stakeholders and where we can have a positive impact for people  planet and profit and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Vopak is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam and is headquartered in Rotterdam  the Netherlands. For more information  please visit www.vopak.comFor more information please contact:Vopak Press: Liesbeth Lans - Manager External Communication e-mail: global.communication@vopak.comVopak Analysts and Investors: Fatjona Topciu - Head of Investor Relations e-mail: investor.relations@vopak.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.17,0.37,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Resolutions', 'Vopak', 'Positive advisory vote implementation remuneration policy', 'United Nations Sustainable Development Goals', 'leading independent tank storage company', 'Deloitte Accountants B.V.', 'long duration energy storage', 'Executive Board members’ conduct', 'Koninklijke Vopak N.V.', 'Supervisory Board members’ supervision', 'Mrs. N. Giadrossi', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'bulk liquid products', 'new vital products', 'growing world population', 'positive impact', 'efficient storage', 'sustainable future', 'sustainable feedstocks', 'cleaner energy', 'useful products', '2022 financial year', 'financial statements', 'ordinary share', 'nominal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'stock exchange', 'maximum number', 'external auditor', '2024 financial year', 'press release', 'everyday life', 'edible oils', 'safe, clean', 'strategic locations', 'infrastructure solutions', 'low-carbon hydrogen', 'track record', 'balanced roadmap', 'key topics', 'Liesbeth Lans', 'Fatjona Topciu', 'Royal Vopak', 'Vopak Press', 'Vopak Analysts', 'following resolutions', 'External Communication', 'inside information', 'Investor Relations', 'shares', 'Rotterdam', 'Netherlands', '26 April', 'Adoption', 'Approval', 'cash', '5 May', '28 April', 'dividend', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'affairs', 'appointment', 'term', '4 years', 'Authorization', 'period', '18 months', '25 October', 'accordance', 'law', 'Articles', 'Association', 'force', 'date', 'acquisition', 'engagement', 'clause', 'care', 'people', 'homes', 'transportation', 'chemicals', 'companies', 'millions', 'food', 'pride', 'access', 'handling', 'gases', 'ammonia', '400 years', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'stakeholders', 'planet', 'profit', 'Manager', 'mail', 'Investors', 'Head', 'Attachment']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23774,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROYAL-VOPAK-N-V-6452/news/Resolutions-passed-by-Vopak-s-Annual-General-Meeting-43643583/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Resolutions passed by Vopak's Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) Resolutions passed by Vopak’s Annual General Meeting Rotterdam  the Netherlands  26 April 2023 The Annual General Meeting of Koninklijke Vopak N.V. held on 26 April 2023 passed the following resolutions:  Positive advisory vote implementa…,Resolutions passed by Vopak’s Annual General MeetingRotterdam  the Netherlands  26 April 2023The Annual General Meeting of Koninklijke Vopak N.V. (Royal Vopak) held on 26 April 2023 passed the following resolutions:Positive advisory vote implementation remuneration policy for the 2022 financial year.Adoption of the financial statements for the 2022 financial year.Approval of the proposed dividend. A dividend of EUR 1.30 per ordinary share with a nominal value of EUR 0.50 will be distributed wholly in cash on 5 May 2023. As from 28 April 2023  the shares of Vopak will be listed ex-dividend on Euronext Amsterdam.Discharge from liability of the Executive Board members’ conduct of the company’s affairs for the 2022 financial year.Discharge from liability of the Supervisory Board members’ supervision exercised for the 2022 financial year.Re-appointment of Mrs. N. Giadrossi as a member of the Supervisory Board for a term of 4 years.Approval of the amended Remuneration policy for the Supervisory Board.Approval of the amended Remuneration policy for the Executive Board.Authorization of the Executive Board for a period of 18 months  up till and including 25 October 2024  to acquire  subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board  for valuable consideration  fully paid-up ordinary shares in Royal Vopak  on the stock exchange or otherwise  up to the maximum number that may be held by the company in accordance with the law and the Articles of Association in force at the date of acquisition.Appointment of Deloitte Accountants B.V. as the external auditor of Royal Vopak and their engagement to examine the company’s financial statements for the 2024 financial year.This press release may contain inside information as meant in clause 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation.About VopakRoyal Vopak is the world’s leading independent tank storage company. We store vital products with care. Products for everyday life. The energy that allows people to cook  heat or cool their homes and for transportation. The chemicals that enable companies to manufacture millions of useful products. The edible oils to prepare food. We take pride in improving access to cleaner energy and feedstocks for a growing world population  ensuring safe  clean and efficient storage and handling of bulk liquid products and gases at strategic locations around the world. We are excited to help shape a sustainable future by developing infrastructure solutions for new vital products  focusing on zero- and low-carbon hydrogen  ammonia  CO2  long duration energy storage and sustainable feedstocks. We have a track record of over 400 years in navigating change and are continuously investing in innovation. On sustainability  we are ambitious and performance driven  with a balanced roadmap that reflects key topics that matter most to our stakeholders and where we can have a positive impact for people  planet and profit and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Vopak is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam and is headquartered in Rotterdam  the Netherlands. For more information  please visit www.vopak.comFor more information please contact:Vopak Press: Liesbeth Lans - Manager External Communication e-mail: global.communication@vopak.comVopak Analysts and Investors: Fatjona Topciu - Head of Investor Relations e-mail: investor.relations@vopak.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.47,0.17,0.37,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Resolutions', 'Vopak', 'Positive advisory vote implementation remuneration policy', 'United Nations Sustainable Development Goals', 'leading independent tank storage company', 'Deloitte Accountants B.V.', 'long duration energy storage', 'Executive Board members’ conduct', 'Koninklijke Vopak N.V.', 'Supervisory Board members’ supervision', 'Mrs. N. Giadrossi', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'bulk liquid products', 'new vital products', 'growing world population', 'positive impact', 'efficient storage', 'sustainable future', 'sustainable feedstocks', 'cleaner energy', 'useful products', '2022 financial year', 'financial statements', 'ordinary share', 'nominal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'stock exchange', 'maximum number', 'external auditor', '2024 financial year', 'press release', 'everyday life', 'edible oils', 'safe, clean', 'strategic locations', 'infrastructure solutions', 'low-carbon hydrogen', 'track record', 'balanced roadmap', 'key topics', 'Liesbeth Lans', 'Fatjona Topciu', 'Royal Vopak', 'Vopak Press', 'Vopak Analysts', 'following resolutions', 'External Communication', 'inside information', 'Investor Relations', 'shares', 'Rotterdam', 'Netherlands', '26 April', 'Adoption', 'Approval', 'cash', '5 May', '28 April', 'dividend', 'Discharge', 'liability', 'affairs', 'appointment', 'term', '4 years', 'Authorization', 'period', '18 months', '25 October', 'accordance', 'law', 'Articles', 'Association', 'force', 'date', 'acquisition', 'engagement', 'clause', 'care', 'people', 'homes', 'transportation', 'chemicals', 'companies', 'millions', 'food', 'pride', 'access', 'handling', 'gases', 'ammonia', '400 years', 'innovation', 'sustainability', 'stakeholders', 'planet', 'profit', 'Manager', 'mail', 'Investors', 'Head', 'Attachment']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23775,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOITEC-4695/news/Soitec-and-SAWNICS-announce-Process-Design-Kit-PDK-to-accelerate-high-performance-RF-filter-design-43649180/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Soitec and SAWNICS announce Process Design Kit (PDK) to accelerate high-performance RF filter design for 5G smartphones.,(marketscreener.com)   Soitec and SAWNICS announce Process Design Kit to accelerate high-performance RF filter design for 5G smartphones. Sawnics PDK enables customers to design state-of-the-art filters on Soitec Connect POI substrates for volume manufacturin…,Soitec and SAWNICS announce Process Design Kit (PDK) to accelerate high-performance RF filter design for 5G smartphones.Sawnics PDK enables customers to design state-of-the-art filters on Soitec Connect POI (Piezo on Insulator) substrates for volume manufacturing in SAWNICS foundry  improving time to marketBernin (France) and Pyeongtaek-si  (South Korea)  April 26  2023 – Soitec (Euronext Paris)  a global leader in innovative semiconductor materials  and SAWNICS  which offers a best-in-class foundry service for Surface Acoustic Wave (SAW) filters  today announced the availability of a Process Design Kit (PDK) based on Soitec’s Connect Piezo-on-Insulator (POI) substrates.The SAWNICS PDK provides a reliable reference guide validated on Soitec Connect POI products  to support the design and manufacturing of advanced radio frequency (RF) filters. It will greatly simplify and accelerate the development and production of filters on Connect POI products by reducing the number of design iterations while meeting increasingly stringent 5G requirements.Produced with Soitec’s proprietary Smart CutTM technology  Connect POI substrates are ideally suited to the manufacturing of new-generation filters. Compared with technologies based on conventional materials  Connect POI products offer built-in temperature compensation  facilitate the integration of multiple filters on a single die and help to reduce power consumption.SAWNICS is a leading filter foundry with a track record of rapid and smooth production ramp. Combining its SAW manufacturing expertise and process flexibility with Soitec Connect POI products will create new opportunities for development and production of state-of-the-art 5G smartphone filters.“Connect POI product is a unique enabler for high-performance RF filters for 5G smartphones. We are very pleased that fabless companies will get easier access to powerful RF filter technology thanks to the SAWNICS PDK and Soitec Connect POI ” said Thomas Piliszczuk  Soitec’s Executive Vice-President Global Business. “We’re confident that Connect POI products based on our robust and proven Smart CutTM technology will become a standard choice for 5G RF filters.”“Soitec’s Connect POI substrates were chosen for their unique value for RF filters ” said Jason Chung  Vice-President of SAWNICS’ Foundry business unit. “We are excited to work with Soitec’s substrates  which multiply filter performance when compared with filters built using bulk piezoelectric wafers. The volume production ramp on Connect POI products is expected to start in the second half of 2023.”# # #About SoitecSoitec (Euronext  Tech 40 Paris) is a world leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials. The company uses its unique technologies and semiconductor expertise to serve the electronicsmarkets. With more than 3 500 patents worldwide  Soitec’s strategy is based on disruptive innovation to answer its customers’ needs for high performance  energy efficiency and cost competitiveness. Soitec has manufacturing facilities  R&D centers and offices in Europe  the U.S. and Asia. Fully committed to sustainable development  Soitec adopted in 2021 its corporate purpose to reflect its engagements: “We are the innovative soil from which smart and energy efficient electronics grow into amazing and sustainable life experiences.”Soitec  SmartSiC™ and Smart Cut™ are registered trademarks of Soitec. For more information  please visit www.soitec.com and contact:Media Relations Investor Relations Caroline Sasia Steve Babureck media@soitec.com investors@soitec.comAbout SAWNICSAbout SAWNICS  Inc. (www.sawnics.com) is a South Korea based more than 20 years experienced global RF filter foundry solution company that is manufacturing normal SAW and TF- SAW through the state-of- the art of both 4-inch and 6-inch FAB facilities.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['high-performance RF filter design', 'Process Design Kit', '5G smartphones', 'Soitec', 'SAWNICS', 'PDK', 'Media Relations Investor Relations Caroline Sasia Steve Babureck', 'global RF filter foundry solution company', 'advanced radio frequency (RF) filters', 'powerful RF filter technology', 'proprietary Smart CutTM technology', 'proven Smart CutTM technology', 'Executive Vice-President Global Business', 'high-performance RF filter design', 'SAWNICS’ Foundry business unit', 'Soitec Connect POI products', 'leading filter foundry', 'high-performance RF filters', 'Surface Acoustic Wave', 'reliable reference guide', 'bulk piezoelectric wafers', 'R&D centers', '5G RF filters', 'stringent 5G requirements', 'Connect POI substrates', 'sustainable life experiences', '6-inch FAB facilities', 'Process Design Kit', 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'smooth production ramp', 'energy efficient electronics', '5G smartphone filters', 'volume production ramp', 'SAW manufacturing expertise', 'The SAWNICS PDK', 'global leader', 'filter performance', 'POI) substrates', 'foundry service', 'SAWNICS foundry', 'semiconductor expertise', 'Smart Cut™', 'conventional materials', 'process flexibility', 'innovative soil', '5G smartphones', 'design iterations', 'electronics markets', 'energy efficiency', 'normal SAW', 'TF- SAW', 'volume manufacturing', 'new-generation filters', 'multiple filters', 'manufacturing facilities', 'Insulator) substrates', 'South Korea', 'temperature compensation', 'single die', 'power consumption', 'track record', 'new opportunities', 'unique enabler', 'fabless companies', 'easier access', 'Thomas Piliszczuk', 'standard choice', 'unique value', 'Jason Chung', 'second half', 'world leader', 'disruptive innovation', 'high performance', 'cost competitiveness', 'U.S.', 'corporate purpose', 'sustainable development', 'unique technologies', 'customers’ needs', 'Euronext Paris', 'time', 'Bernin', 'France', 'Pyeongtaek-si', 'class', 'availability', 'number', 'integration', 'rapid', 'state', 'robust', 'designing', '3,500 patents', 'strategy', 'offices', 'Europe', 'engagements', 'amazing', 'SmartSiC™', 'trademarks', 'information', '20 years', '4-inch', 'Attachment']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23776,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vopak-altagas-form-joint-venture-050500935.html,VOPAK AND ALTAGAS FORM A NEW JOINT VENTURE FOR LARGE-SCALE LPG AND BULK LIQUIDS EXPORT TERMINAL IN PRINCE RUPERT  CANADA,26 April 2023 - 07:05 Central European Summer Time / 25 April 2023 - 11:05pm Mountain Standard Time,"The Project Would Further Strengthen Canadian and Asia Pacific Energy Connectivity  Improve Global Energy Security  and Deliver Positive Outcomes for All StakeholdersROTTERDAM  The Netherlands  CALGARY  AB and PRINCE RUPERT  BC  April 26  2023 /CNW/ - 26 April 2023 - 07:05 Central European Summer Time / 25 April 2023 - 11:05pm Mountain Standard TimeRoyal Vopak (""Vopak"") (XAMS: VPK) and AltaGas Ltd. (""AltaGas"") (TSX: ALA) are pleased to announce the execution of definitive agreements for a new 50/50 joint venture to further evaluate development of the Ridley Island Energy Export Facility (REEF)  a large-scale liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) and bulk liquids terminal with marine infrastructure on Ridley Island  British Columbia  Canada.REEF  as part of the previously submitted regulatory filings (under the name of Vopak Pacific Canada)  will have the capability to facilitate the export of LPGs  methanol  and other bulk liquids that are vital for everyday life. REEF has been granted the key Federal and Provincial permits to construct storage tanks  a new dedicated jetty  and rail and other ancillary infrastructure required to operate a state-of-the-art and highly efficient facility. REEF would be developed on a 190-acre (77 hectare) site on lands administered by the Prince Rupert Port Authority for which the joint venture has executed a long-term lease that sits adjacent to AltaGas and Vopak's existing Ridley Island Propane Export Terminal (RIPET)  which has been in operation since April 2019.Should REEF reach a positive final investment decision (FID)  it is planned to be developed and brought online in phases. This approach will provide the most capital efficient build out of the project  match energy export supply with throughput capacity  mitigate the challenges that large development projects can have on local communities  and provide local construction and employment opportunities that would extend over longer time horizons. AltaGas has executed a long-term commercial agreement with the joint venture for 100% of the capacity for the first phase of LPG volumes  subject to a positive FID. AltaGas will also be responsible for the construction and operational stewardship of the facility. Future phases of the project will be developed as additional long-term commercial agreements and critical milestones are achieved to deliver the maximum value for all stakeholders.Story continuesVopak  AltaGas  and the Prince Rupert Port Authority have been working closely with First Nations rights holders and key stakeholders  including the local communities in Northwestern British Columbia and the Federal and Provincial regulators  to deliver a project that will operate with industry-leading environmental stewardship and bring the strongest benefits to all parties involved. Key determinations and permits have been received from the Federal Government and an Environmental Assessment Certificate has been received from the British Columbia Provincial Government.REEF Benefits from Structural West Coast Advantage to Asian MarketsWith only ten shipping days to the fastest growing demand markets in Northeast Asia  REEF will be able to efficiently connect Canada's vital energy products to the world. This includes having an approximate 60 percent base time savings over the U.S. Gulf Coast  which requires a minimum 25-day shipping time to Northeast Asia  and approximately 45 percent base case time savings over the Arabian Gulf  which requires a minimum 18-day shipping time. This geographic advantage expands when there is significant congestion in the Panama Canal or when other global shipping pinch points experience disruptions. Furthermore  the Port of Prince Rupert provides REEF year-round ice-free operations and has the deepest natural harbour in North America  leaving it able to accommodate the world's largest vessels  which ensures safe and reliable market access and allows AltaGas and Vopak to efficiently connect upstream and downstream markets.Joint Venture is Targeting Advancement of Critical Workstreams Over 2023REEF is currently working through front end engineering design (FEED) activities  where deliverables will include a refined capital cost estimate  a project execution plan  a construction schedule  and a projected in-service date  among numerous other items. FEED and other development activities are expected to be completed by late 2023  followed by an FID by the joint venture. Solidifying long-term economic rail agreements in partnership with the rail operator will also be key for the joint venture to be able to reach a positive FID and ensure the project advances  and  in turn  delivers the strong benefits to the joint venture partners  First Nations rights holders  the Prince Rupert Port Authority  local communities  upstream and downstream customers  and other key stakeholders.Vopak and AltaGas are excited to further evaluate the development of REEF and build on the strong partnership between the two companies  under this new joint venture agreement. Vopak and AltaGas thank all stakeholders for the continued embracement and ongoing partnerships as part of this project. Working with stakeholders and seeking strong partnerships is part of both organization's individual and collective DNA and is engrained in how Vopak and AltaGas approach their businesses every day.""We are excited to build on our success with AltaGas in Prince Rupert""  said Dick Richelle  Chairman of the Executive Board and CEO of Royal Vopak. ""Our goal is to create together with partners high quality critical infrastructure for vital products. The strategic location of Prince Rupert  with the shortest shipping distances between North America and Asia  has the potential to increase the trade between Canada and the Asia Pacific region. REEF fits very well within Vopak's strategic pillar to grow in gas and industrial infrastructure. We look forward to further collaboration with First Nations rights holders and key stakeholders to make this project a reality.""""We are excited to execute this agreement and continue to advance our relationship with Vopak  the Prince Rupert Port Authority  First Nations rights holders  and the local communities surrounding Prince Rupert"" said Randy Crawford  President and CEO of AltaGas. ""Canada has a structural advantage in delivering LPGs into Asia from its world class resources and through the shortest shipping time and lowest maritime emissions footprint. AltaGas delivers more than 12% of Japan's propane and 12% of South Korea's LPG imports through connecting our valued upstream customers with key downstream markets in Asia. REEF fits our corporate strategy of operating long-life infrastructure assets that connect customers and markets and provide resilient and durable value for our stakeholders. We look forward to working with all our partners to achieving the remaining milestones required to reach a positive FID on the project.""""We congratulate Royal Vopak and AltaGas on this significant milestone towards advancing development of the terminal project at the Port of Prince Rupert"" said Shaun Stevenson  President and CEO  Prince Rupert Port Authority. ""Once operational  the new facility will substantially increase and diversify the Port of Prince Rupert's liquid bulk cargo capabilities and capacity  while providing a much-needed export solution for Canadian producers during a critical time in the global energy transition.""""We commend Vopak and AltaGas on their efforts to-date on building long-term relationships with our community "" said Chief Harold Leighton  Metlakatla First Nation. ""We are excited with the potential this joint venture project provides to our area and the Metlakatla First Nation.""Figure 1: REEF and the West Coast Structural Advantage (CNW Group/AltaGas Ltd.)Figure 2: REEF Operational Facility Site (CNW Group/AltaGas Ltd.)About Royal VopakRoyal Vopak is the world's leading independent tank storage company. We store vital products with care. Products for everyday life. The energy that allows people to cook  heat or cool their homes and for transportation. The chemicals that enable companies to manufacture millions of useful products. The edible oils to prepare food. We take pride in improving access to cleaner energy and feedstocks for a growing world population  ensuring safe  clean and efficient storage and handling of bulk liquid products and gases at strategic locations around the world. We are excited to help shape a sustainable future by developing infrastructure solutions for new vital products  focusing on zero- and low-carbon hydrogen  ammonia  CO2  long duration energy storage and sustainable feedstocks. We have a track record of over 400 years in navigating change and are continuously investing in innovation. On sustainability  we are ambitious and performance driven  with a balanced roadmap that reflects key topics that matter most to our stakeholders and where we can have a positive impact for people  planet and profit and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Vopak is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam and is headquartered in Rotterdam  the Netherlands. For more information  please visit www.vopak.comAbout AltaGasAltaGas is a leading North American infrastructure company that connects customers and markets to affordable and reliable sources of energy. The Company operates a diversified  lower-risk  high-growth Utilities and Midstream business that is focused on delivering resilient and durable value for its stakeholders. The company's mission is to improve quality of life by safely and reliably connecting customers to affordable sources of energy for today and tomorrow.From wellhead to tidewater  AltaGas' Midstream business is focused on providing its customers with safe and reliable service and connectivity that facilitates the best outcomes for their businesses. This includes global market access for North American LPGs  which provides North American producers and aggregators with the best netbacks for LPGs while delivering diversity of supply and stronger energy security to its downstream customers in Asia.Throughout AltaGas' operations  the company is playing a vital role within the larger energy ecosystem that keeps the global economy moving forward and is powering the possible within our society  and in a safe  reliable  and affordable manner.For more information please contact:Vopak:Analysts and Investors: Fatjona Topciu - Head of Investor Relations (investor.relations@vopak.com)Press: Liesbeth Lans - Manager External Communication (global.communication@vopak.com)AltaGas:Analysts and Investors: Jon Morrison   Senior Vice President  Corporate Development and Investor Relations (Jon.Morrison@altagas.ca) or Adam McKnight   Director  Investor Relations (Adam.McKnight@altagas.ca)Media Inquiries: media.relations@altagas.caFORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATIONThis news release contains forward-looking information (forward-looking statements). Words such as ""may""  ""can""  ""would""  ""could""  ""should""  ""will""  ""intend""  ""plan""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""aim""  ""seek""  ""propose""  ""contemplate""  ""estimate""  ""focus""  ""strive""  ""forecast""  ""expect""  ""project""  ""target""  ""potential""  ""objective""  ""continue""  ""outlook""  ""vision""  ""opportunity"" and similar expressions suggesting future events or future performance  as they relate to the Corporation or any affiliate of the Corporation  are intended to identify forward-looking statements. In particular  this news release contains forward-looking statements with respect to  among other things  business objectives  expected growth  results of operations  performance  business projects and opportunities and financial results. Specifically  such forward-looking statements included in this document include  but are not limited to  statements with respect to the following: AltaGas' belief that REEF will strengthen Canadian and Asia Pacific energy connectivity  improve global energy security and deliver positive outcomes for all stakeholders; the potential development of REEF and expected project activities  deliverables and timing thereof; expectation that AltaGas' development approach will provide the most capital efficient build  match energy export supply with throughput capacity  mitigate challenges and provide longer-term local employment opportunities; anticipation of successful collaboration with First Nations and other key stakeholders; the expected impact of REEF's structural advantage and outcomes therefrom  including significant increases in producers' LPG prices and time savings of North American West Coast LPG exports; the expectation that the US Gulf Coast and Arabian Gulf will continue to be the balancing markets for Asian markets; AltaGas' Midstream business focus  strategy and expected outcomes therefrom; and the importance of AltaGas' role in the larger energy ecosystem and global economy.These statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  events  and achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Such statements reflect AltaGas' current expectations  estimates  and projections based on certain material factors and assumptions at the time the statement was made. Material assumptions include: anticipated timing of asset sale closings  effective tax rates  financing initiatives  degree day variance from normal  pension discount rate  the performance of the businesses underlying each sector  impacts of the hedging program  expected commodity supply  demand and pricing  volumes and rates  exchange rates  inflation  interest rates  credit ratings  regulatory approvals and policies  future operating and capital costs  capacity expectations  weather  frac spread  access to capital  planned and unplanned plant outages  timing of in-service dates of new projects and acquisition and divestiture activities  returns on investments  and dividend levels.AltaGas' forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties which could cause results or events to differ from current expectations  including  without limitation: risks related to conflict in Eastern Europe; health and safety risks; operating risks; infrastructure; natural gas supply risks; volume throughput; service interruptions; transportation of petroleum products; market risk; inflation; general economic conditions; cyber security  information  and control systems; climate-related risks; environmental regulation risks; regulatory risks; litigation; changes in law; Indigenous and treaty rights; dependence on certain partners; political uncertainty and civil unrest; decommissioning  abandonment and reclamation costs; reputation risk; weather data; capital market and liquidity risks; interest rates; internal credit risk; foreign exchange risk; debt financing  refinancing  and debt service risk; counterparty and supplier risk; technical systems and processes incidents; growth strategy risk; construction and development; underinsured and uninsured losses; impact of competition in AltaGas' businesses; counterparty credit risk; composition risk; collateral; rep agreements; market value of common shares and other securities; variability of dividends; potential sales of additional shares; labor relations; key personnel; risk management costs and limitations; commitments associated with regulatory approvals for the acquisition of WGL; cost of providing retirement plan benefits; failure of service providers; risks related to pandemics  epidemics or disease outbreaks  including COVID-19; and the other factors discussed under the heading ""Risk Factors"" in the Corporation's Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31  2022 and set out in AltaGas' other continuous disclosure documents.Many factors could cause AltaGas' or any particular business segment's actual results  performance or achievements to vary from those described in this press release  including  without limitation  those listed above and the assumptions upon which they are based proving incorrect. These factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should assumptions underlying forward-looking statements prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those described in this news release as intended  planned  anticipated  believed  sought  proposed  estimated  forecasted  expected  projected or targeted and such forward-looking statements included in this news release  should not be unduly relied upon. The impact of any one assumption  risk  uncertainty  or other factor on a particular forward-looking statement cannot be determined with certainty because they are interdependent and AltaGas' future decisions and actions will depend on management's assessment of all information at the relevant time. Such statements speak only as of the date of this news release. AltaGas does not intend  and does not assume any obligation  to update these forward-looking statements except as required by law. The forward-looking statements contained in this news release are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements.Financial outlook information contained in this news release about prospective financial performance  financial position  or cash flows is based on assumptions about future events  including economic conditions and proposed courses of action  based on AltaGas management's (Management) assessment of the relevant information currently available. Readers are cautioned that such financial outlook information contained in this news release should not be used for purposes other than for which it is disclosed herein.Additional information relating to AltaGas  including its quarterly and annual MD&A and Consolidated Financial Statements  AIF  and press releases are available through AltaGas' website at www.altagas.ca or through SEDAR at www.sedar.comVOPAK AND ALTAGAS FORM A NEW JOINT VENTURE FOR LARGE-SCALE LPG AND BULK LIQUIDS EXPORT TERMINAL IN PRINCE RUPERT  CANADA (CNW Group/AltaGas Ltd.)SOURCE AltaGas Ltd.CisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/April2023/26/c1272.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.75,0.19,0.06,True,English,"['BULK LIQUIDS EXPORT TERMINAL', 'NEW JOINT VENTURE', 'LARGE-SCALE LPG', 'PRINCE RUPERT', 'VOPAK', 'ALTAGAS', 'CANADA', 'existing Ridley Island Propane Export Terminal', '45 percent base case time savings', 'other global shipping pinch points', 'Solidifying long-term economic rail agreements', 'Ridley Island Energy Export Facility', '60 percent base time savings', 'Central European Summer Time', '11:05pm Mountain Standard Time', 'large-scale liquefied petroleum gas', 'minimum 25-day shipping time', 'minimum 18-day shipping time', 'front end engineering design', 'refined capital cost estimate', 'First Nations rights holders', 'Structural West Coast Advantage', 'U.S. Gulf Coast', 'additional long-term commercial agreements', 'fastest growing demand markets', 'positive final investment decision', 'Asia Pacific Energy Connectivity', 'Prince Rupert Port Authority', 'REEF year-round ice-free operations', 'new 50/50 joint venture', 'new joint venture agreement', 'British Columbia Provincial Government', 'Global Energy Security', 'bulk liquids terminal', 'energy export supply', 'longer time horizons', 'ten shipping days', 'new dedicated jetty', 'vital energy products', 'other bulk liquids', 'numerous other items', '190-acre (77 hectare) site', 'capital efficient build', 'Northwestern British Columbia', 'Environmental Assessment Certificate', 'deepest natural harbour', 'reliable market access', 'other ancillary infrastructure', 'industry-leading environmental stewardship', 'joint venture partners', 'large development projects', 'other development activities', 'other key stakeholders', 'Vopak Pacific Canada', 'project execution plan', 'definitive agreements', 'long-term lease', 'first phase', 'efficient facility', 'Arabian Gulf', 'geographic advantage', 'Federal Government', 'Provincial regulators', 'Asian Markets', 'Northeast Asia', 'downstream markets', 'rail operator', 'Positive Outcomes', 'marine infrastructure', 'operational stewardship', 'Key determinations', 'Provincial permits', 'The Netherlands', 'regulatory filings', 'everyday life', 'storage tanks', 'local communities', 'employment opportunities', 'positive FID', 'critical milestones', 'maximum value', 'strongest benefits', 'significant congestion', 'Panama Canal', 'North America', 'largest vessels', 'Critical Workstreams', 'FEED) activities', 'service date', 'strong benefits', 'downstream customers', 'two companies', 'key Federal', 'local construction', 'construction schedule', 'throughput capacity', 'LPG volumes', 'Future phases', 'strong partnership', 'REEF Benefits', 'Royal Vopak', 'AltaGas Ltd', 'Canadian', 'All', 'ROTTERDAM', 'CALGARY', 'BC', 'April', 'XAMS', 'VPK', 'ALA', 'name', 'capability', 'LPGs', 'methanol', 'state', 'RIPET', 'approach', 'Story', 'parties', 'world', 'disruptions', 'safe', 'upstream', 'Advancement', 'deliverables', 'late', 'turn', 'continued', '07']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23777,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-DE-VELDE-NV-6022/news/Van-de-Velde-Dividend-payment-43649480/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Van de Velde : Dividend payment,(marketscreener.com)   26.04.2023 - 19h00   Press Release - Regulated information   Dividend payment   The Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Van de Velde NV has decided today to pay a gross dividend of €2 2759 per share to the shareholders.    …,26.04.2023 - 19h00Press Release - Regulated informationDividend paymentThe Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Van de Velde NV has decided today to pay a gross dividend of €2 2759 per share (€1 5931 net after deduction of 30% withholding tax) to the shareholders.Ex-coupon date: 2 May 2023 Record date: 3 May 2023 Dividend payment date: 4 May 2023Rectification: Contrary to the dates previously communicated in the annual report 2022 (1 May 2023  2 May 2023 and 3 May 2023)  these have been changed to 2 May 2023  3 May 2023 and 4 May 2023  respectively.Van de Velde creates fashionable lingerie of superior quality with its premium  complementary brands PrimaDonna  Marie Jo and Andres Sarda. We believe in 'Shaping the bodies and minds of women': we want to make a difference in women's lives with our beautiful and perfectly fitting lingerie  by lifting their self-confidence and self-image. For us  an impeccable in-store service is key  an approach which we have consolidated in our Lingerie Styling Concept.We work in close partnership with 3 600 independent lingerie boutiques worldwide. In addition  we have our own retail network with retail brands Rigby & Peller and Lincherie. Our geographical center of gravity is Europe and North America. Van de Velde employs almost 1 600 employees and is listed on Euronext Brussels.CONTACTSFor more information  contact:Van de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - +32 (0)9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.euKarel Verlinde CommV  always represented by Karel VerlindeCEOVan de Velde NV - Lageweg 4 - 9260 Schellebelle - Belgium - T. +32 9 365 21 00 - www.vandevelde.eu - info@vandevelde.eu,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['Van de Velde', 'Dividend payment', 'Karel Verlinde CEO Van de Velde NV', ""The Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Karel Verlinde CommV', '19h00 Press Release', 'premium, complementary brands', 'Lingerie Styling Concept', '3,600 independent lingerie boutiques', 'Dividend payment date', 'fashionable lingerie', 'fitting lingerie', 'retail brands', 'gross dividend', 'Ex-coupon date', 'Record date', 'annual report', 'superior quality', 'Marie Jo', 'Andres Sarda', 'store service', 'close partnership', 'retail network', 'geographical center', 'North America', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Regulated information', 'vandevelde.eu', 'deduction', 'tax', '2 May', '3 May', '4 May', 'Rectification', 'dates', 'PrimaDonna', 'bodies', 'minds', 'women', 'difference', 'lives', 'beautiful', 'perfectly', 'self-confidence', 'self-image', 'impeccable', 'approach', 'addition', 'Rigby', 'Peller', 'Lincherie', 'gravity', 'Europe', '1,600 employees', 'CONTACTS', 'Lageweg', '9260 Schellebelle', 'Belgium', 'T.', '32']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23778,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GEVELOT-S-A-9293384/news/GEVELOT-S-A-Weekly-report-of-share-buyback-April-26-2023-43648730/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,GEVELOT S.A.: Weekly report of share buyback April 26  2023,(marketscreener.com) GEVELOT S.A.GEVELOT S.A.: Weekly report of share buyback April 26  2023 26-Apr-2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this anno…,GEVELOT S.A.GEVELOT S.A.: Weekly report of share buyback April 26  202326-Apr-2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.GEVELOT Société Anonyme au capital de 26 932 500 euros Siège Social : 6  boulevard Bineau 92300 LEVALLOIS-PERRET 562 088 542 R.C.S. NANTERRE _________________________ Levallois  le 26 avril 2023 Déclaration hebdomadaire des transactions sur actions propres du 18 au 25 avril 2023 (ISIN : FR0000033888) Nom de l'émetteur Code Identifiant de l'émetteur Jour de la transaction Code identifiant de l'instrument financier Volume total journalier (en nombre d'actions) Prix pondéré moyen journalier d'acquisition des actions Marché GEVELOT 969500EWBEGIDU4SVC87 18/04/2023 FR0000033888 11 194 0000 XPAR GEVELOT 969500EWBEGIDU4SVC87 19/04/2023 FR0000033888 12 194 0000 XPAR GEVELOT 969500EWBEGIDU4SVC87 20/04/2023 FR0000033888 11 194 0000 XPAR GEVELOT 969500EWBEGIDU4SVC87 21/04/2023 FR0000033888 11 194 0000 XPAR GEVELOT 969500EWBEGIDU4SVC87 24/04/2023 FR0000033888 11 189 0000 XPAR GEVELOT 969500EWBEGIDU4SVC87 25/04/2023 FR0000033888 11 191 0000 XPAR Ces transactions n’ont pas donné lieu à l’utilisation d’instruments dérivés. Dépôt : Site internet Gévelot ; Euronext Growth Regulatory filing PDF fileFile: GEVELOT Weekly report of share buyback April 26  2023,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['GEVELOT S.A.', 'Weekly report', 'share buyback', 'Euronext Growth Regulatory filing', 'R.C.S. NANTERRE', 'GEVELOT Société Anonyme', 'French Regulatory News', 'Siège Social', 'instrument financier Volume', 'Dépôt', 'PDF file File', 'GEVELOT S.A.', 'GEVELOT Weekly report', 'Déclaration', 'Marché GEVELOT', 'XPAR GEVELOT', 'share buyback', 'EQS Group', '6, boulevard Bineau', 'Site internet', 'Gévelot', 'Code Identifiant', 'moyen journalier', '18:00 CET', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'capital', '26 932 500 euros', 'LEVALLOIS-PERRET', '26 avril', 'transactions', '25 avril', 'FR0000033888', 'Nom', 'émetteur', 'Prix', 'acquisition', 'lieu', 'utilisation', 'instruments']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23779,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2655497/0/en/ATARI-UPDATE-ON-ATARI-USA-OTC-MARKETS-LISTING.html,ATARI: UPDATE ON ATARI USA OTC MARKETS LISTING,UPDATE ON ATARI USA OTC MARKETS LISTING  PARIS  FRANCE (April 26  2023 - 6.45 pm CET) - Atari® — one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and......,UPDATE ON ATARI USA OTC MARKETS LISTINGPARIS  FRANCE (April 26  2023 - 6.45 pm CET) - Atari® — one of the world's most iconic consumer brands and interactive entertainment producers — is announcing today an update with regards to its listing status on OTC Markets in the United States of America (under ticker: PONGF).After review of new rules and regulations adopted in the United States of America and the OTC Markets listing requirements  Atari SA announces that it has received approval from the OTC Markets Group on its application to move to the OTC Pink Current market  effective as of April 26  2023. Atari is now current with required mandatory filings.Atari shares have been listed on US OTC Markets since October 2018 under ticker PONGF.About ATARIAtari is an interactive entertainment company and an iconic gaming industry brand that transcends generations and audiences. The company is globally recognized for its multi-platform  interactive entertainment and licensed products. Atari owns and/or manages a portfolio of more than 200 unique games and franchises  including world-renowned brands like Asteroids®  Centipede®  Missile Command®  Pong®  and RollerCoaster Tycoon®. Atari has offices in New York and Paris. Visit us online at www.Atari.com .Atari shares are listed in France on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN Code FR0010478248  Ticker ALATA) and OTC Markets (Ticker PONGF).©2022 Atari Interactive  Inc. Atari wordmark and logo are trademarks owned by Atari Interactive  Inc.ContactsAtari - Investor RelationsTel + 33 1 83 64 61 57 - investisseur@atari-sa.com | www.atari.com/news/Calyptus – Marie CalleuxTel + 33 1 53 65 68 68 – atari@calyptus.netListing Sponsor – Euroland - Julia BridgerTel +33 1 44 70 20 84 - jbridger@elcorp.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['OTC MARKETS LISTING', 'ATARI USA', 'UPDATE', 'iconic gaming industry brand', 'OTC Pink Current market', 'OTC Markets listing requirements', 'iconic consumer brands', 'OTC Markets Group', 'US OTC Markets', 'interactive entertainment producers', 'multi-platform, interactive entertainment', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'interactive entertainment company', 'listing status', 'Listing Sponsor', 'world-renowned brands', 'Atari Interactive', 'United States', 'new rules', 'mandatory filings', 'licensed products', '200 unique games', 'Missile Command', 'RollerCoaster Tycoon', 'New York', 'ISIN Code', 'Investor Relations', 'Marie Calleux', 'Julia Bridger', 'Ticker ALATA', 'ATARI USA', 'Atari shares', 'Atari wordmark', 'Atari SA', 'Ticker PONGF', 'Atari®', 'UPDATE', 'FRANCE', 'April', 'regards', 'America', 'review', 'regulations', 'approval', 'application', 'October', 'generations', 'audiences', 'portfolio', 'franchises', 'Asteroids®', 'Centipede®', 'Pong®', 'offices', 'logo', 'trademarks', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Calyptus', 'Euroland', 'jbridger', 'elcorp', 'Attachment', '6.45']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23780,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MEDIASET-ESPA-A-COMUNICAC-140661/news/Mediaset-Espa-a-Comunicaci-n-S-A-Tentative-calendar-for-the-completion-of-the-transaction-43639914/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Mediaset España Comunicación S A : Tentative calendar for the completion of the transaction,(marketscreener.com)   MEDIASET ESPAÑA COMUNICACIÓN  S.A.  in accordance with the provisions of Article 227 of Law 6/2023  of 17 March  of the Securities Markets and Investment Services  hereby discloses the following   OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION   In…,Therefore  Tuesday 2 May 2023 is expected to be the last day of trading of the Mediaset España shares on the Spanish Stock Exchanges of Barcelona  Bilbao  Madrid and Valencia through the automated quotation system of the Spanish Stock Exchanges (Sistema de Interconexión Bursátil Español - SIBE). The new ordinary class A shares of MFE to be delivered to the Mediaset España shareholders in accordance with the exchange ratio of the merger  are expected to start trading on Euronext Milan on the same day of the effectiveness of the cross-border merger (i.e.  on Wednesday 3 May 2023).In the event of a delay in this tentative calendar  Mediaset España will inform the market by means of the publication of the corresponding other relevant information notice.As indicated in the cross-border merger plan  MFE will apply for the admission to trading of all its class A ordinary shares on the Spanish Stock Exchanges through the SIBE as soon as possible within three months of the consummation of the cross-border merger.In this regard  MFE will continue to use its best efforts to achieve the admission to trading of all its Class A ordinary shares on the Spanish Stock Exchanges for trading through the SIBE as soon as possible after the consummation of the cross-border merger  complying with all the requirements set out in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market.Madrid  25 April 2023Mario Rodríguez ValderasSecretary of the Board of Directors,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Mediaset España Comunicación S A', 'Tentative calendar', 'completion', 'transaction', 'Interconexión Bursátil Español', 'corresponding other relevant information notice', 'Mario Rodríguez Valderas Secretary', 'new ordinary class A shares', 'Mediaset España shareholders', 'Mediaset España shares', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'Spanish Stock Exchanges', 'automated quotation system', 'cross-border merger plan', 'last day', 'Sistema de', 'exchange ratio', 'Euronext Milan', 'same day', 'tentative calendar', 'three months', 'best efforts', 'Regulation (EU', 'European Parliament', 'Wednesday 3 May', 'regulated market', 'Tuesday', 'trading', 'Barcelona', 'Bilbao', 'Madrid', 'Valencia', 'SIBE', 'MFE', 'accordance', 'effectiveness', 'event', 'delay', 'means', 'publication', 'consummation', 'regard', 'requirements', 'Council', '14 June', 'prospectus', 'securities', '25 April', 'Board', 'Directors']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23781,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PARAGON-ID-42735454/news/Paragon-Id-Growth-of-55-and-revenue-of-EUR-140-9m-for-first-nine-months-of-financial-year-20-43648755/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Paragon Id :  Growth of +55% and revenue of EUR 140.9m for first nine months of financial year 2022/23 - Targeted growth for year to 30 June 2023 revised to more than EUR 185m  representing an annual growth rate of over 40%,(marketscreener.com)  Growth of +55% and revenue of €140.9m for first nine months of financial year 2022/23Record third quarter revenues totaling €51.0m  progressing +48%  of which +45% was organic growthRevenues to 31 March 2023  for the first nine m…,"Growth of +55% and revenue of €140.9m for first nine months of financial year 2022/23Record third quarter revenues totaling €51.0m  progressing +48%  of which +45% was organic growthRevenues to 31 March 2023  for the first nine months of the 2022/23 financial year already superior to the full year revenues achieved in 2021/22 (€130.8m)Targeted growth for year to 30 June 2023 revised to more than €185m  representing an annual growth rate of over 40%This exceeds previous target of >€170m and >30% growthParagon ID (Euronext Paris - FR0013318813 - PID)   leading provider of identification solutions for e-ID  Smart Cities & Mass Transit  Track & Trace and Brand Protection and Payment  publishes its third quarter revenues for the financial year 2022/23 (1st January 2023 – 31st March 2023).In €m - IFRS standardsUnaudited data 2021/22consolidated 2022/23consolidated Variation Variation at constant perimeter and exchange rates Q1 Turnover 25.7 42.2 +65% +51% Q2 Turnover 31.1 47.7 +54% +50% Q3 Turnover 34.6 51.0 +48% +45% 9 months Turnover 91.2 140.9 +55% +48%The subsidiary EDM Technology has been consolidated since 1st October 2021. The companies Urban Things and Tracktio have been consolidated since 1st July 2022. The activity related to the acquisition of the assets of Uwinloc is accounted for as of 1st January 2023.Growth of 55% for first nine months of financial year 2022/23In the 3rd quarter of the financial year 2022/23 (which will end on 30 June 2023)  Paragon ID's consolidated revenues were €51.0m  growing by +48%. Organic growth in the quarter was +45%.Growth over the previous quarter was +7% (+€3.3m)  pushing quarterly revenues above €50m for the first time in the company's history.After the first nine months of the financial year 2022/23  total revenues amount to €140.9m  growing more than +55%  of which organic growth was +48%. This revenue  for the first three quarters  exceeds the full year revenues posted in financial year 2021/22 (€130 8m).Double digit growth across the Company's main activities as at 31 March 2023Transport & Smart Cities (36% of revenues in the first nine months of the financial year 2022/23) continues to post strong growth with revenues increasing by more than +58% vs prior year and increasing from one quarter to the next (€15.7m in Q1  €16.3m in Q2 and €18 5m in Q3). This growth is largely due to the continuing return of commuters to urban transport systems  the success of the acquisition of EDM Technology in the United States and the impact of inflationary price increases passed-on to customers.The company's digital mobile ticketing and Account-Based-Ticketing offers continue to evolve and to generate new sources of recurring revenues  albeit at rates which are lower than originally anticipated.In Track & Trace and Brand Protection (34% of revenues in the nine months to 31 March 2023)  growth over prior year reached +49%. Activity continued to be particularly strong in the aviation sector. However  growth in the strategically important area of RTLS (Real-Time-Locating-Systems) was delayed by unavailability of electronic components in this period and the volume of RFID inlays sold into the Retail sector remains at around 50% of that anticipated  due to the uncertain economic environment.The Payment activity (18% of revenues in the first nine months of 2022/23) posted growth of +20% over the nine months  coming from the traditional gift  loyalty and payment cards  from sales of specialist RFID components and from royalties for Amatech's unique technologies in contactless metal payment cards. Sales of Paragon ID's own-manufactured metal cards have now begun but currently provide only a small contribution to revenue.In e-ID (12% of revenues for the first nine months of 2022/23)  growth accelerated strongly in the third quarter of the financial year with significant shipments of polycarbonate-based passport data-pages and identity cards. Growth over the nine-month period was +179%. As previously announced  these deliveries arise from major orders for polycarbonate products which should result in tens of millions in new revenues over the next two financial years.Targeted growth for year to 30 June 2023 revised to more than €185m  representing an annual growth rate of over +40%The excellent performances to date in Mass Transit & Smart Cities  Track & Trace and Brand Protection and Payment  combined with the ramp-up of production of the polycarbonate e-ID products  position the Company to end the financial year 2022/23 well ahead of its annual plan.At current trading rhythms  Paragon ID should complete the financial year with total consolidated revenues in excess of €185m  some +40% higher than the €130 8m posted last year.Clem Garvey  CEO of Paragon ID  says:“In a challenging  fast-moving and demanding market  the strong growth achieved by the company is a testament to the pertinence of our technologies and the quality of the products and services which our teams deliver every day. We will achieve more than 40% growth in this current financial year.We remain vigilant with regard to the macroeconomic situation  the impacts of the significant increase in the cost of money and the fear of recession which continues to characterise certain geographies and certain targeted vertical markets. We have already seen a slow-down in the adoption of RFID in the Retail sector and have detected a reticence to invest on the part of some clients and prospects for our platform businesses. Notwithstanding  the major orders for polycarbonate product in the e-ID business should enable the Company to continue to post growth for the foreseeable future.”Financial agenda2022/23 Q4 turnover Wednesday 26 July 2023 2022/23 Yearly results Wednesday 25 October 2023 2023/24 Q1 turnoverThese dates are given for information only. They are likely to be modified if necessary. The publications will take place before the opening of the Euronext markets.About Paragon IDAbout Paragon ID Paragon ID is a leader in identification solutions  in particular in the e-ID  Transport & Smart Cities  Traceability & Brand Protection and Payment sectors. Paragon ID employs more than 650 staff  with manufacturing sites in US and Europe  close to its customers.Paragon ID is listed on Euronext Paris with a majority of its shares being held by Paragon Group  a leading provider of Customer Communications  Identification  Graphics Services and Office Services. Paragon Group has a turnover of €1.5 billion and more than 9 000 employees. Paragon Group combines generations of experience with the latest innovations in technology and smart data to enable responsive and meaningful interactions between organisations and their customers. For further information about Paragon Group  visit Paragon-Europe.com.Euronext Paris - Share identification: Paragon ID - ISIN Code: FR0013318813 - Mnemonic code: PID.For further information about Paragon ID  visit Paragon-id.com.ContactsParagon IDClem GarveyCEOTél. : +33 (0)2 48 81 61 00clem.garvey@paragon-id.com ACTUS finance & communicationInvestors relationsMathieu OmnesTél. : +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.fr ACTUS finance & communicationPress relationsFatou-Kiné N'DiayeTél. : +33 (0)1 53 67 36 34fndiaye@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yWqbZZZnaGadnWqflMplaJZqmpqWmpKVbGXHyZOZZ5+ZmnBgxZpmZ5qXZnBqmmtp- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79563-paragon-id_pr_q3-202223_26042026_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.29,0.69,True,English,"['first nine months', 'annual growth rate', 'Paragon Id', 'financial year', 'revenue', '30 June', 'next two financial years', 'contactless metal payment cards', 'Record third quarter revenues', 'manufactured metal cards', 'inflationary price increases', 'digital mobile ticketing', 'uncertain economic environment', 'polycarbonate-based passport data-pages', 'current trading rhythms', 'first three quarters', 'first nine months', 'subsidiary EDM Technology', 'specialist RFID components', 'Double digit growth', 'urban transport systems', '2022/23 financial year', 'current financial year', 'annual growth rate', 'full year revenues', 'total consolidated revenues', 'polycarbonate e-ID products', 'first time', 'identity cards', 'annual plan', 'Urban Things', 'total revenues', 'electronic components', 'RFID inlays', 'polycarbonate products', '3rd quarter', 'previous quarter', 'one quarter', 'prior year', 'previous target', 'Paragon ID', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading provider', 'identification solutions', 'Smart Cities', 'Mass Transit', 'Brand Protection', 'st January', 'IFRS standards', 'Unaudited data', 'Variation Variation', 'constant perimeter', '1st October', '1st July', 'quarterly revenues', 'main activities', 'continuing return', 'United States', 'Account-Based-Ticketing offers', 'new sources', 'recurring revenues', 'aviation sector', 'important area', 'Retail sector', 'traditional gift', 'small contribution', 'significant shipments', 'major orders', 'new revenues', 'excellent performances', 'Clem Garvey', 'challenging, fast-moving', 'demanding market', 'Q1 Turnover', 'Q3 Turnover', 'organic growth', 'strong growth', 'exchange rates', 'unique technologies', 'nine-month period', 'Payment activity', '31st March', 'Q2 Turnover', '9 months', '>30% growth', '40% growth', '31 March', '30 June', 'PID', 'Track', 'Trace', 'companies', 'acquisition', 'assets', 'Uwinloc', 'company', 'history', 'commuters', 'success', 'impact', 'customers', 'RTLS', 'Real-Time-Locating-Systems', 'unavailability', 'volume', 'The', 'loyalty', 'sales', 'royalties', 'Amatech', 'deliveries', 'tens', 'millions', 'ramp-up', 'production', 'excess', 'CEO', 'testament', 'pertinence', 'quality', 'services', 'teams']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23782,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2655390/0/en/ASML-discloses-2023-AGM-results.html,ASML discloses 2023 AGM results,ASML discloses 2023 AGM results      Veldhoven  the Netherlands  April 26  2023 –  ASML Holding N.V. (ASML) today announces the results of its Annual......,ASML discloses 2023 AGM resultsVeldhoven  the Netherlands  April 26  2023 – ASML Holding N.V. (ASML) today announces the results of its Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on April 26  2023.At the AGM  ASML’s statutory financial statements for the 2022 financial year were adopted. In addition  the following items were approved:Proposal to adopt a final dividend payment of €1.69 per ordinary share  which  together with the three interim dividends paid through the 2022 financial year  each €1.37  leads to a total dividend for 2022 of €5.80 per ordinary shareProposals to discharge the members of the Board of Management and the Supervisory Board from liability for their responsibilities in the 2022 financial yearProposal to determine the maximum number of shares available for the Board of ManagementProposal to amend the remuneration policy for the Supervisory Board and the remuneration of the members of the Supervisory BoardProposals to appoint Nils Andersen and Jack de Kreij as members of the Supervisory BoardProposal to appoint PriceWaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. as the external auditor for the 2025 reporting yearProposal to authorize the Board of Management (subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board) from April 26  2023  up to and including October 26  2024 to: Issue ordinary shares or grant rights to subscribe for ordinary shares up to 5% for general purposes and up to 5% in connection with or on the occasion of mergers  acquisitions and/or (strategic) alliances Authorize the Board of Management to restrict or exclude pre-emption rights in connection with the authorizations referred to under the previous pointProposal to authorize the Board of Management from April 26  2023  up to and including October 26  2024  to repurchase a maximum of 10% of ASML’s issued share capital  subject to the approval of the Supervisory Board. The ordinary shares can be acquired at a price between the nominal value of the shares acquired and 110% of the average market price for these securities on the Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange or Nasdaq stock market. The AGM also authorized the cancellation of up to 10% of ASML’s issued share capital as of April 26  2023A positive advisory vote was also cast on the remuneration report for the ASML Board of Management and Supervisory Board for the 2022 financial year.The following subjects were also discussed at the AGM:The appointment of Wayne Allan as member of the Board of ManagementASML’s business  financial situation and environmental  social and governance (ESG) sustainabilityASML’s reserves and dividend policyThe composition of the Supervisory Board in 2024: Annet Aris  Warren East and Mark Durcan will retire by rotation per the 2024 AGMThe presentation given at the AGM and the recording of the webcast are available on the ASML website (2023 AGM page).Media Relations contacts Investor Relations contacts Monique Mols +31 6 5284 4418 Skip Miller +1 480 235 0934 Sarah de Crescenzo +1 925 899 8985 Marcel Kemp +31 40 268 6494 Karen Lo +886 939788635 Peter Cheang +886 3 659 6771About ASMLASML is a leading supplier to the semiconductor industry. The company provides chipmakers with hardware  software and services to mass produce the patterns of integrated circuits (microchips). Together with its partners  ASML drives the advancement of more affordable  more powerful  more energy-efficient microchips. ASML enables groundbreaking technology to solve some of humanity's toughest challenges  such as in healthcare  energy use and conservation  mobility and agriculture. ASML is a multinational company headquartered in Veldhoven  the Netherlands  with offices across Europe  the US and Asia. Every day  ASML’s more than 40 500 employees (FTE) challenge the status quo and push technology to new limits. ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. Discover ASML – our products  technology and career opportunities – at www.asml.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.68,0.27,0.04,True,English,"['2023 AGM results', 'ASML', 'PriceWaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.', 'powerful, more energy-efficient microchips', 'Euronext Amsterdam stock exchange', 'ASML Holding N.V.', 'three interim dividends', 'Jack de Kreij', 'positive advisory vote', 'Media Relations contacts', 'Investor Relations contacts', 'Sarah de Crescenzo', 'Annual General Meeting', 'final dividend payment', 'Nasdaq stock market', 'statutory financial statements', 'business, financial situation', 'average market price', 'total dividend', 'general purposes', '2022 financial year', 'following items', 'ordinary share', 'Nils Andersen', 'external auditor', '2025 reporting year', 'strategic) alliances', 'previous point', 'share capital', 'nominal value', 'following subjects', 'Wayne Allan', 'Annet Aris', 'Warren East', 'Mark Durcan', 'Monique Mols', 'Skip Miller', 'Marcel Kemp', 'Karen Lo', 'Peter Cheang', 'leading supplier', 'semiconductor industry', 'integrated circuits', 'toughest challenges', 'energy use', 'status quo', 'new limits', 'career opportunities', 'remuneration report', 'Supervisory Board', 'maximum number', 'pre-emption rights', 'multinational company', 'groundbreaking technology', 'The AGM', 'ASML website', 'remuneration policy', 'ASML Board', '2023 AGM results', 'shares', '2024 AGM', 'Veldhoven', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'addition', 'Proposal', 'members', 'Management', 'liability', 'approval', 'October', 'connection', 'occasion', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'authorizations', 'securities', 'cancellation', 'appointment', 'social', 'governance', 'ESG', 'sustainability', 'reserves', 'composition', 'rotation', 'presentation', 'recording', 'webcast', 'chipmakers', 'hardware', 'software', 'services', 'patterns', 'partners', 'advancement', 'humanity', 'healthcare', 'conservation', 'mobility', 'agriculture', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', '40,500 employees', 'FTE', 'symbol', 'products', 'Attachment']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23783,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2654710/0/en/VEON-Enhances-Digital-Marketing-Offering-with-AdTech-Business.html,VEON Enhances Digital Marketing Offering with AdTech Business,VEON AdTech headquarters opens in Uzbekistan to support VEON operators in addressing USD 1.3 billion market opportunity            Amsterdam ...,VEON AdTech headquarters opens in Uzbekistan to supportVEON operators in addressing USD 1.3 billion market opportunityAmsterdam  26 April 2023 – VEON Ltd. (Nasdaq: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  has incorporated a dedicated adtech company  wholly owned by the VEON Group  to offer digital marketing services supporting VEON Group companies in addressing the growing digital advertising opportunity in VEON markets.With its headquarters in Tashkent  Uzbekistan  VEON AdTech will work with VEON’s digital operators and support the VEON Group in providing highly targeted digital marketing services based on machine-learning algorithms  building on VEON companies’ proximity to their customers. The advertising spend on digital advertising in the countries where VEON operates is estimated to exceed USD 1.3 billion in 20231.“The digital advertising market offers significant potential for our Group to build on the success of our digital operator strategy ” explains Kaan Terzioglu  CEO of VEON Group. “Each one of our companies already has a strong portfolio of customer-facing digital assets. With increasing capabilities in adtech  our digital operators can support the growth of the local economies in our markets  bringing together businesses and end-users in meaningful  targeted ways.”VEON AdTech will employ a dedicated technology team  which will provide a central software development role supporting VEON Group companies and manage VEON’s core AdTech intellectual property portfolio. The choice of Uzbekistan as VEON AdTech’s headquarters reflects the progress of the country in developing a technology-based economy as part of its Digital Uzbekistan 2030 vision  and will further help to develop programming and data skills within the country.“Uzbekistan is rapidly becoming an advanced digital economy and a tech hub for Central Asia ” says Andrzej Malinowski  CEO of Beeline Uzbekistan. “Over the course of the past two years  Beeline Uzbekistan supported this transformation with its customer-facing digital services  the growth of BeeLab  university partnerships  hackathons and upskilling programs. We are thrilled to welcome VEON AdTech in Uzbekistan  which will both benefit from the technology skills here  and support the further development of a wider  highly skilled digital workforce.”Since 2022  the VEON Group’s digital operators have accelerated their digital advertising capabilities  partnering with both local and leading international brands. “The formation of a dedicated business division will further boost the deployment of VEON Group’s adtech capabilities and the creation of new services ” states George Held  General Manager of VEON AdTech. “In 2022  our digital operators across the Group have demonstrated their capability to serve leading global and local brands with digital advertising  building on the robust architecture and audience potential of our digital assets. Given the direct relationship we have with our customers  we are perfectly positioned to help advertisers  big and small  reach their target markets and support the growth of local economies in doing so.”VEON AdTech’s digital marketing services will be built on VEON’s MobileID technology that provides enhanced privacy and security to consumers. The developments by the company will ensure that consumers remain protected via straightforward permission-based controls to opt out of data tracking and stop unwanted ads. All advertising campaign data will be processed within each operating country to enhance consumer protection and also to develop the local data skills and digital expertise.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to nearly 160 million customers in six dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  VEON’s digital marketing initiatives. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. There can be no assurance that the initiatives referred to above will be successful.Contact informationVEONSenior Communications ManagerAnna Ivanova-Galitsinapr@veon.comTUVA PartnersManaging PartnerJulian TannerJulian.tanner@tuvapartners.com1 According to latest available market estimates on Statista  the combined volume of ad spending in digital advertising in Bangladesh  Kazakhstan  Uzbekistan and Pakistan is projected to reach USD 1.3 billion; with Ukraine estimated to have a further USD 443 million potential.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.02,0.48,True,English,"['Digital Marketing Offering', 'AdTech Business', 'VEON', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'wider, highly skilled digital workforce', 'core AdTech intellectual property portfolio', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'USD 1.3 billion market opportunity', 'central software development role', 'growing digital advertising opportunity', 'targeted digital marketing services', 'meaningful, targeted ways', 'digital marketing initiatives', 'past two years', 'dedicated business division', 'straightforward permission-based controls', 'digital advertising market', 'digital operator strategy', 'greater digital inclusion', 'customer-facing digital services', 'global digital operator', 'customer-facing digital assets', 'dedicated technology team', 'advanced digital economy', 'advertising campaign data', 'leading international brands', 'six dynamic markets', 'Digital Uzbekistan 2030 vision', 'digital advertising capabilities', 'dedicated adtech company', 'VEON companies’ proximity', 'local data skills', 'VEON Group companies', 'VEON AdTech headquarters', 'strong portfolio', 'leading global', 'Central Asia', 'digital operators', 'digital expertise', 'online services', 'new services', 'adtech capabilities', 'technology skills', 'technology-based economy', 'local brands', 'data tracking', 'increasing capabilities', 'MobileID technology', 'converged connectivity', 'machine-learning algorithms', 'significant potential', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'local economies', 'Andrzej Malinowski', 'Beeline Uzbekistan', 'university partnerships', 'upskilling programs', 'George Held', 'General Manager', 'robust architecture', 'audience potential', 'direct relationship', 'target markets', 'enhanced privacy', 'unwanted ads', 'consumer protection', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'VEON operators', 'VEON Ltd', 'VEON markets', 'unanticipated events', 'operating country', '160 million customers', 'economic growth', 'statements', 'Amsterdam', '26 April', 'Nasdaq', 'Tashkent', 'countries', 'success', 'CEO', 'businesses', 'end-users', 'choice', 'progress', 'programming', 'hub', 'course', 'transformation', 'BeeLab', 'hackathons', 'deployment', 'creation', 'capability', 'advertisers', 'security', 'consumers', 'developments', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'world', 'population', 'Euronext', 'information', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'Section', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'assurance']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23784,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cnova-n-v-first-quarter-155900708.html,CNOVA N.V. First Quarter 2023 Activity,CNOVA N.V.First quarter 2023 activity In a still challenging market where Cnova accelerated its shift towards marketplace  GMV stands at -15% like-for-like1 ...,CNOVA N.V.First quarter 2023 activityIn a still challenging market where Cnova accelerated its shift towards marketplace  GMV stands at -15% like-for-like1  improving compared to Q4 (-16%). April current trading2 shows significant improvements compared to 1Q23: Marketplace back to growth at +5% (+9pts vs. 1Q23 y-o-y evolution) and Product GMV standing at -10% (+10pts vs. 1Q23 y-o-y evolution).In this context  Cnova accelerated the pace of the transformation towards a profitable model with Gross Margin increasing by +6pts vs. 1Q22:GMV & Marketplace share : all-time highest marketplace share in Q1 at 57% (+9pts vs. 22  +21pts vs. 19)Rationalization of direct sales assortment with improving profitability and cash profile  supporting the overall Gross Margin increaseMarketplace revenues at €45m (+2% vs. 22  +29% vs. 19)  with an increase in GMV take rate standing at 16.6% (+0.9pt vs. 22  +1.6pt vs. 19)Advertising services revenues reaching €17m (+9% vs. 22  x2.1 vs. 19)  with an increase in GMV take rate standing at 3.5% for Q1 (+0.9pt vs. 22  +2.2pts vs. 19)Record B2C Services GMV 1 at €36m (+37% vs. 22  x2.6 vs. 19) driven by Travel (+38% vs. 22  x2.2 vs. 19) and Mobile activities (+36% vs. 22  x7.2 vs. 19)Octopia B2B revenues reaching €5m (+42% vs. 22) with the successful launches of 2 marketplaces (Bébéboutik and an international retailer) and outperformed revenues on Fulfilment-as-a-Service  with an increase in shipped parcels (+38% vs. 22)C-Logistics B2B revenues at €2m (x6 vs. 22)  with its third party-logistic solution successfully launched for a European sportswear company Q1 monthly performance and current trading confirming the acceleration of profitable growth drivers with sequential improvement of growth in Q1 and April current trading:Product GMV: -23% in Jan.  -20% in Feb.  -16% in March  -10% in April to date 2Marketplace GMV: -9% in Jan.  -5% in Feb.  -2% in March  +5% in April to date2 Efficiency plan to swiftly recalibrate SG&A & CAPEX level by end 2023 is on track to reach the July 2022 guidance of +€75m savings on a full-year basis by the end of the year  leading to significant and continuous improvement of profitability and operational cash in the 1st quarter.Over Q1  the Transformation Plan has been reinforced with a dedicated steering team and specific projects aiming at accelerating the pace of the plan with a €15m additional savings objective on a full-year basis  despite inflation headwinds.Continuous development of Cnova’s ESG policy:“More sustainable products” SKUs: 15.2% of Cdiscount’s Product GMV (+3.8pts vs. 22) C-Logistics greenhouse gas emissions: -19.2% on the 22 vs. 21 reporting period Gender parity: increase in Cnova’s gender equality index by +0.2pts vs. 21AMSTERDAM – April 26  2023  18:00 CET Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova”) today announced its first quarter 2023 activity.Story continuesThomas Métivier  Cnova’s CEO  commented:“In the 1st quarter of 2023  Cnova has accelerated the pace of its transformation  on all its strategic pillars: marketplace  advertising services and B2B development with the commercial success of Octopia and C-Logistic’s solutions.The relevance of Cnova’s platform model is confirmed by an all-time high marketplace share and record high quarter for marketplace revenues  advertising services and B2B  thanks to the strength of the technological platform  the efficiency of our artificial intelligence algorithms and our network of 15 000 sellers and suppliers.All those actions  combined with the efficiency plan and strong efforts to improve direct sales margins  have already delivered significant impact on profitability and free cash flow.The transformation continues to accelerate with improving trends since the beginning of April.”First Quarter 202 3 Key FiguresFinancial performance(€ millions  GMV figures incl. VAT)1Q231Q222Change vs. 22 Reported L-f-L3 Total GMV 712.4 909.2 (21.6)%(15.0)% Ecommerce platform 692.6 883.0 (21.6)% (14.7)% o/w Direct sales 251.6 372.8 (32.5)% o/w Marketplace 328.9 341.5 (3.7)% Marketplace share 56.7% 47.8% +8.9pts o/w B2C Services 36.2 73.2 (50.5)% +37.2% o/w Other Revenues 75.8 95.5 (20.6)% +5.8% B2B activities 19.8 26.1 (24.2)% o/w Octopia B2B revenues 5.4 3.8 +42.4% o/w Octopia Retail & Others 12.5 21.9 (42.9)% o/w C-Logistics 2.0 0.4 x5.5 Total Net sales 323.5 446.6 (27.6)% (24.2)%First Quarter 202 3 HighlightsGMV 1Q23 Total like-for-like2 growth -15.0% Marketplace growth -3.7% Travel growth +37.6% Octopia B2B revenue growth +42.4%GMV posted a -15.0% like-for-like decrease in the 1st quarter 2023  confirming Cnova’s strategic choice to accelerate its platform revenues with the development of its marketplace  advertising services and B2B businesses with Octopia and C-Logistics. This year-on-year change was driven by:Direct Sales contributing -13.3pts (-32.5% y-o-y)  as a result of the on-going voluntary strategic shift to marketplace   mostly for low contribution margin non-technical goods   but preserving and still benefiting from strengthened relationships with top international brandsMarketplace contributing -1.4pt (-3.7% y-o-y) while delivering +9pts in GMV share. Cnova raised quality standards through better delivery services with 50.3% free express delivery share in the 1st quarterB2C Services contributing +1.1pt (+37.2% y-o-y)  among which Travel alone brought +0.9pt to Cnova growth (+37.6% y-o-y) Octopia B2B revenues contributing positively to growth (+42% y-o-y) driven by Merchant-as-a-Service and Marketplace-as-a-Service revenue growth (x2 vs. 22)  with the successful launches of 2 marketplaces (Bébéboutik and an international retailer) and accelerating Fulfilment-as-a-Service revenues with an increase in shipped parcels (+38% vs. 22) Octopia retail GMV contributed negatively for -1.0pt (-43% y-o-y) with Products-as-a-Service offer now focused on profitability as part of the transformation plan to drive profitable retail growthMarketplace 1Q23 Change vs. 1Q22 Marketplace product GMV share 56.7% +8.9pts Marketplace Fulfilment + Express sellers GMV share 50.3% +0.2pt Marketplace revenues €45.5m +1.9% Advertising services Product GMV take rate4 3.5% +0.9ptMarketplace posting a 29pts y-o-y growth differential against first party sales  decreasing overall by -3.7%. Strong and regular customer satisfaction measured by the NPS at 55 (+11pts vs. 19 and steady vs. 22) led to a fast-increasing marketplace GMV share this quarter up to 56.7% (+8.9pts vs. last year). As part of this strategy  Fulfilment by Cdiscount and Express seller program continued to be very dynamic representing 50.3% of marketplace GMV in the 1st quarter 2023  an increase of 0.2pt vs. last year.Clients 1Q23 Active clients over the last 12 months 8.1 CDAV GMV share 38.5%The loyalty program Cdiscount à Volonté (CDAV) represented 38.5% of total GMV in the 1st quarter 2023.Net Sales 1Q23 Total like-for-like2 growth -24.2%Net Sales5 amounted to €323m (-24.2% like-for-like decrease vs. 22). This decrease is primarily driven by the voluntary mix improvement towards marketplace especially for non-technical goods categories with negative contribution margin.Business HighlightsA record high marketplace GMV share with accelerated positive trends compared to pre-pandemic level:Marketplace reached all-time highest marketplace share in Q1 at 57% for the 1 st quarter 2023 (+9pts vs. 22  +21pts vs. 19)  mainly driven by home categories and new strategic partnerships  confirming the mix evolution towards more marketplace revenues. During the 1 st quarter 2023  marketplace GMV was nearly stable (-4% vs. 22)  in a context of strong inflation headwinds and macro-economic uncertaintiesNew marketplace strategic partnerships were formed  including with a childcare specialist and a leading company specialized in consumer goodsA new dedicated team of 20 collaborators was assembled to accelerate the recruitment and sales of the new Top sellers of the French  European and other international marketsCnova continues the rationalization of its direct sales assortment with improving profitability and cash profile  supporting the overall Gross Margin increase.This resilient performance for both direct sales and marketplace has been supported by disruptive offers launched this quarter  such as the new payment installment solution provided by Floa Bank for Apple products (including the possibility to trade an old device)  and a strong and increasing customer satisfaction measured by the NPS at 55 (+11pts vs. 19  steady vs. 22).Expansion of marketplace SKUs eligible to express delivery is a key driver of growth and customer satisfaction. It is also determinant to support the product mix re-orientation towards the marketplace:Cdiscount Express Seller   launched in 2019 for sellers able to offer express delivery to CDAV customers  reached a 15.4% marketplace GMV share for the 1 st quarter 2023 (+4.1pts vs. 22)Fulfilment by Cdiscount marketplace GMV share stands at 34.9% for the 1st quarter 2023. A consequent effort is made to provide always more quality by recruiting top sellers with now a wider assortment than traditional retail salesB2C Services showed a record performance:B2C Services GMV  excluding Energy  amounted to €36m in the 1 st quarter 2023  reaching again a solid growth (+37% vs. 22  x2.6 vs. 19)Cdiscount Voyages (travel) experienced a significant acceleration with a GMV growth of +38% vs. 22 (x2.2 vs. 19)Cdiscount Mobile (cell phone plan) activity performed very well during the 1st quarter 2023 with a GMV growth of +36% vs. 22 (x7.2 vs. 19) and a strong increase in the subscriber baseDynamic Advertising Services driven by Retail Media dynamics:Advertising services revenues reached €17m for Q1 (+9% vs. 22)  with growing GMV take rate standing at 3.5% (+0.9pt vs. 22) Advertising services growth is mainly supported by Retail Media  which accounts for €13m of revenues for Q1 (+19% vs. 22) and allows both sellers and suppliers to reinforce their visibility and increase their sales Growth is also driven by a dynamic offer expansion  with the creation of new formats  such as the launch of “premium” shops for sellers (12 signed sellers)Octopia’s B2B revenues know a strong commercial dynamic  driven by its turnkey marketplace solution for EMEA retailers and e-merchants:Successful launches of 2 marketplaces (Bébéboutik and an international retailer)Outperformed revenues on Fulfilment-as-a-Service  with an increase in shipped parcels (+38% vs. 22) and the development of the activity in SpainAcceleration of the selling volume on its sales channels (x21 GMV y-o-y) and acceleration of the number of sellers deployedSuccessful launch of the drop-shipping offer for sellers  with 38 active sellers at end of the quarter on Products-as-a-ServiceC-Logistics is developing its B2B activities through the successful launch of its third party-logistic solution for a European sportswear company  a service quality above customers’ expectations and knows a strong ramp-up with an increase in the number of shipped parcels for external clients (x3 vs. 22)  representing an increase of 2.2pts in C-Logistics total number of shipped parcels. New strategic transportation flows have been implemented  enabling products delivery in Europe  with Chronopost for Express Delivery and BPost for Standard Delivery.C-Logistics is also optimizing its costs and adapting its structure with the rationalization of transportation offers and the increase in warehouses productivity.C-Logistics ESG approach has been pursued with significant efforts to decrease its energy consumption (-21% vs. 22).Environmental  social and societal stakes such as human capital  climate  business ethics and societal commitment are at the heart of Cnova’s B2B and B2C strategic development:Cnova is committed to promoting a more responsible consumption through its direct sales and marketplace product offer. Actions carried out by Cdiscount and Octopia aiming to develop “more sustainable products” (e.g.  increasing the visibility of these products and guaranteeing affordable prices) enable a continuous acceleration of this offer. “More sustainable products” account for 15.2% of Cdiscount’s Product GMV at 1Q (+3.8pts vs. 22)Cnova is also taking action to reduce the impact of its operations : Thanks to actions undertaken with carriers  greenhouse gas emissions related to delivery of products sold by Cdiscount and shipped by C-Logistics have decreased by -19.2% on the 22 vs. 21 reporting period Cdiscount and C-Logistics have joined the study group dedicated to the writing of an AFNOR SPEC “E-commerce: information to consumers on the environmental impact of their delivery choice”  aiming to define a reference framework for environmental display when the consumer chooses its delivery method on Cdiscount’s website Cnova’s electricity and gas consumption has decreased by -25% in 22 vs. 19 (-15.9% vs. 21)  overperforming objectives announced by Cnova in early Q4 as an answer to the national mobilization initiated by the governmentAs a trustworthy partner   Cnova is committed to protect its clients. Cdiscount  which had already signed the Product Safety Pledge in 2020  has recommitted to consumer protection and signed the new version of the Product Safety Pledge at the European Consumer Summit organized by the European CommissionCnova pursues its social and societal commitment in favor of gender parity. Thanks to its Human Resources policy  Cnova’s consolidated gender equality index has increased by +0.2pt vs. 21***About Cnova N.V.Cnova N.V.  the French ecommerce leader  serves 8.1 million active customers via its state-of-the-art website  Cdiscount. Cnova N.V.’s product offering provides its B2C clients with a wide variety of very competitively priced goods  fast and customer-convenient delivery options  practical and innovative payment solutions as well as travel  entertainment and domestic energy services. Cnova N.V. also serves B2B clients internationally through Octopia (Marketplace-as-a-Service solutions)  Cdiscount Advertising (advertising services for sellers and brands) and C-logistics (end-to-end logistic ecommerce solution). Cnova N.V. is part of Groupe Casino  a global diversified retailer. Cnova N.V.'s news releases are available at www.cnova.com. Information available on  or accessible through  the sites referenced above is not part of this press release.This press release contains regulated information (gereglementeerde informatie) within the meaning of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) which must be made publicly available pursuant to Dutch and French law. This press release is intended for information purposes only.Cnova Investor Relations Contact:investor@cnovagroup.comTel : +33 6 79 74 30 94 Media contact:directiondelacommunication@cdiscount.comTel: +33 6 18 33 17 86cdiscount@vae-solis.comTel: +33 6 17 76 79 71***1 Like-for-like figures exclude cross-canal sales and Cdiscount Energy GMV for 1Q22; 2 as of April 25th  20232 2022 figures have been restated to take into account CChezVous disposal (discontinued operations)3 Like-for-like figures exclude cross-canal sales and Cdiscount Energy GMV for Q1224 Calculated as advertising services revenues divided by total product GMV excluding VAT (Marketplace GMV excl. VAT + Direct sales GMV excl. VAT)5 Like-for-like figures exclude cross-canal sales and Cdiscount Energy GMV for Q122Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.67,0.29,0.03,True,English,"['CNOVA N.V.', 'First Quarter 2023 Activity', 'overall Gross Margin increase Marketplace revenues', '€15m additional savings objective', 'C-Logistics greenhouse gas emissions', 'time highest marketplace share', 'time high marketplace share', '18:00 CET Cnova N.V.', 'Record B2C Services GMV', 'Octopia B2B revenue growth', '+€75m savings', 'record high quarter', 'Bébéboutik', 'third party-logistic solution', 'European sportswear company', 'dedicated steering team', 'More sustainable products', 'Thomas Métivier', 'artificial intelligence algorithms', 'Total Net sales', 'gender equality index', 'free cash flow', 'direct sales assortment', 'direct sales margins', 'GMV take rate', 'L-f-L3 Total GMV', 'First quarter 2023 activity', 'Octopia B2B revenues', 'Advertising services revenues', 'C-Logistics B2B revenues', 'profitable growth drivers', 'voluntary strategic shift', 'April current trading2', 'Q1 monthly performance', 'date2 Efficiency plan', 'Other Revenues', 'platform revenues', 'profitable model', 'Gender parity', 'Financial performance', 'B2B activities', 'B2B businesses', '1st quarter', 'cash profile', 'operational cash', 'strategic pillars', 'Octopia Retail', 'strategic choice', 'Marketplace GMV', 'B2B development', 'Marketplace growth', 'Product GMV', 'GMV figures', 'challenging market', 'Mobile activities', 'successful launches', 'international retailer', 'sequential improvement', 'SG&A', 'CAPEX level', 'July 2022 guidance', 'full-year basis', 'continuous improvement', 'specific projects', 'inflation headwinds', 'ESG policy', '21 reporting period', 'Euronext Paris', 'commercial success', 'platform model', 'technological platform', 'strong efforts', '3 Key Figures', 'Ecommerce platform', 'technical goods', 'significant improvements', 'Continuous development', 'significant impact', 'Travel growth', 'Transformation Plan', 'year change', 'Q4', '1Q23', 'evolution', 'context', 'pace', '+6pts', '1Q22', 'Rationalization', 'profitability', '2 marketplaces', 'Fulfilment', 'parcels', 'acceleration', 'Jan.', 'Feb.', 'March', 'track', 'SKUs', 'Cdiscount', '22 vs.', 'AMSTERDAM', 'CNV', 'Story', 'CEO', 'solutions', 'relevance', 'strength', 'network', '15,000 sellers', 'suppliers', 'actions', 'trends', 'beginning', 'VAT', 'Others', '3 Highlights', 'decrease', 'result']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23785,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INTERMONTE-PARTNERS-SIM-S-128506388/news/Intermonte-Partners-SIM-S-p-A-Communication-of-change-in-composition-of-Share-Capital-following-c-43645975/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Intermonte Partners SIM S p A : Communication of change in composition of Share Capital  following cancellation of treasury shares,(marketscreener.com)   This press release is not for publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Australia  Canada and Japan  or any other country in which its publication or distribution is prohibited by the applic…,"This press release is not for publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in the United States of America  Australia  Canada and Japan  or any other country in which its publication or distribution is prohibited by the applicable legislation. This press release does not constitute an offer of securities. The securities referred to in this press release are not  and will not be  registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933. Some financial information may not have been subject to audit  monitoring or verification by an external independent auditor.***COMMUNICATION OF CHANGE IN COMPOSITION OF SHARE CAPITAL  FOLLOWING CANCELLATION OF TREASURY SHARESMilan  26.04.2023 - Intermonte Partners SIM S.p.A. (the Company) hereby announces a change in the composition of its share capital (fully subscribed and paid-in)  following the cancellation of 3 895 500 treasury shares in the portfolio without reducing the share capital  as resolved by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 21 April 2023.Current share capital Previous share capital Change in share capital Euro No. of Unitary Euro No. of Unitary Euro No. of Unitary shares nom. value shares nom. value shares nom. value Total Without Without Without 3 290 500.00 32 300 000 nominal 3 290 500.00 36 195 500 nominal - 3 895 500 nominal value value value Of which: ordinary shares Without Without Without (ISIN: IT0005460016) 3 290 500.00 32 300 000 nominal 3 290 500.00 36 195 500 nominal - 3 895 500 nominal (regular rights) value value value Outstanding coupon: 2The updated Articles of Association have been filed on the relevant Business Register.***INTERMONTEIntermonte is an independent Italian investment bank that is a leading light for Italian and international institutional investors in the mid & small caps segment. Listed on Borsa Italiana's Euronext Growth Milan market  it has a business model that is diversified across four lines: ""Investment Banking""  ""Sales & Trading""  Global Markets"" and ""Digital Division & Advisory"". The Investment Banking division provides services related to extraordinary transactions  including Equity Capital Market  M&A and Debt Capital Market transactions  for listed and non-listed companies. The Sales & Trading and Global Markets divisions support the investment decisions of over 650 Italian and foreign institutional investors  thanks to research of the highest standing by more than 50 professional operators specialising in various asset classes: shares  bonds  derivatives  ETFs  currencies  and commodities. The Research Department is a constant presence at the top end of international rankings for the quality of its research  and offers the broadest coverage of the Italian equity market based on a high degree of sector-specific specialisation. The Digital Division & Advisory is active in asset management and investment consultancy. Websim specialises in the production of financial content for retail investors. TIE - The Intermonte Eye - is the area reserved for financial consultants and private bankers.For more information please contact: BC Communication BPER Banca S.p.A. Press Office Euronext Growth Advisor Beatrice Cagnoni IB@BPER.it Beatrice.Cagnoni@bc-communication.it Tel: +39 02 72 626 363 Mobile: +39 335 56 35 111 Intermonte Partners SIM S.p.A. Investor Relations Manager Alberto Subert IR@intermonte.it Tel: +39 02 77 115 3571",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,True,English,"['Intermonte Partners SIM S', 'Share Capital', 'treasury shares', 'Communication', 'change', 'composition', 'cancellation', 'BC Communication BPER Banca S.p.A. Press Office Euronext Growth Advisor', 'SIM S.p.A. Investor Relations Manager Alberto Subert', 'Intermonte Partners SIM S.p.A.', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'Debt Capital Market transactions', 'independent Italian investment bank', 'United States Securities Act', 'The Investment Banking division', 'Previous share capital Change', '5,500 nominal value value value', 'external independent auditor', 'Equity Capital Market', 'M&A', 'small caps segment', 'Italian equity market', 'foreign institutional investors', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'relevant Business Register', 'various asset classes', 'The Digital Division', 'The Intermonte Eye', 'Unitary Euro No.', 'Current share capital', 'international institutional investors', 'Global Markets divisions', 'The Research Department', 'Unitary shares nom', 'press release', 'extraordinary transactions', 'investment decisions', 'investment consultancy', 'retail investors', 'value shares', 'business model', 'The Sales', 'international rankings', 'asset management', 'other country', 'applicable legislation', 'regular rights', 'Outstanding coupon', 'leading light', 'Borsa Italiana', 'four lines', 'highest standing', '50 professional operators', 'constant presence', 'top end', 'broadest coverage', 'high degree', 'sector-specific specialisation', 'financial content', 'financial consultants', 'private bankers', 'Beatrice Cagnoni', 'Beatrice.Cagnoni', 'TREASURY SHARES', 'ordinary shares', 'financial information', 'FOLLOWING CANCELLATION', 'listed companies', '650 Italian', 'publication', 'distribution', 'America', 'Australia', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'offer', 'monitoring', 'verification', 'COMPOSITION', 'Company', 'portfolio', 'Shareholders', '21 April', 'ISIN', 'updated', 'Articles', 'Association', 'mid', 'Trading', 'Advisory', 'services', 'bonds', 'derivatives', 'ETFs', 'currencies', 'commodities', 'quality', 'Websim', 'production', 'area', '02']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23786,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAREHOUSES-DE-PAUW-SA-5964/news/Warehouses-De-Pauw-Conditions-concerning-the-optional-dividend-43643173/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Warehouses De Pauw : Conditions concerning the optional dividend,(marketscreener.com)    PRESS RELEASE   REGULATED INFORMATION   26 APRIL 2023  12.00 PM   This announcement is not intended for release  publication or distribution or disclosure otherwise  either directly or indirectly  in full or in part  in or …,PRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION26 APRIL 2023  12.00 PMThis announcement is not intended for release  publication or distribution or disclosure otherwise  either directly or indirectly  in full or in part  in or to the United States  Canada  Japan  Australia  Switzerland and South-Africa or any other jurisdiction where this would lead to a violation of the relevant legislation.Conditions concerning the optional dividendThe Board of Directors of WDP decided to offer this year once again the optional stock dividend to the shareholders. Following today's General Meeting  the shareholders are informed about the specific conditions of the optional dividend  of which the issue price and the choice period. The General Meeting approved the dividend for 2022.The Board of Directors of WDP decided to offer once again the optional dividend to the shareholders  which implies that the shareholders are given the choice (1) to reinvest the amount of their receivable which arises from the profit sharing with regards to the fiscal year 2022  as capital for the Company in exchange for the issue of new shares1  or (2) to receive the dividend in cash  or (3) to opt for a combination of the two foregoing options. The new WDP shares will contribute to the result as from 1 January 2023  hence the first dividend will be payable in the second quarter of 2024. The contribution in kind in exchange for the issue of shares in the context of the optional dividend will lead to retention of resources within the Company that will strengthen its equity position  and will be used for further growth in the framework of the Company's strategic growth plan 2022-25.The shareholders thus have a choice between:Payment of the dividend in cash:Coupon no. 4 entitles to a dividend of 1.00 euro gross or 0.70 euro net per share (after deduction of 30% withholding tax2).Investment of the dividend in return for new WDP shares:A subscription can be made for one new share by the investment of 35 no. 4 coupons (each for the amount of the net dividend of 0.70 euro  or in total 24.50 euros).These modalities were determined on the basis of the volume-weighted average price (or VWAP) of the WDP share in the last two trading days on Euronext Brussels (from 24 April 2023 until 25 April 2023)  which amounted to 27.42 euros. Since the new shares are dividend-entitled as from 1For optional dividends  the net dividend receivable linked to a specific number of existing shares entitles the owner to a single new share  at an issue price per share that may involve a discount in relation to the share price (based on an average share price for a specific period or otherwise). The issue of shares as part of the optional dividend is subject to the general company law regarding capital increases. The special rules regarding payment in kind in a GVV/SIR  as provided for in Section 26  paragraph 2 of the GVV/SIR Law of 12 May 2014 also do not apply  provided that special conditions are satisfied. See also section 269 of the Wetboek van de inkomstenbelastingen 1992  as renewed in the Programme Act (articles 93 until 95) of 25 December 2016.Press release - 26 April 2023,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Warehouses De Pauw', 'optional dividend', 'Conditions', 'last two trading days', 'two foregoing options', 'Wetboek van de', 'volume-weighted average price', 'The General Meeting', 'strategic growth plan', 'one new share', 'single new share', 'average share price', 'optional stock dividend', 'net dividend receivable', 'new WDP shares', 'general company law', 'new shares', 'optional dividend', 'first dividend', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'relevant legislation', 'profit sharing', 'fiscal year', 'second quarter', 'equity position', '30% withholding tax', '35 no. 4 coupons', 'Euronext Brussels', 'specific number', 'existing shares', 'specific period', 'special rules', 'GVV/SIR Law', 'Programme Act', 'issue price', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'specific conditions', 'special conditions', 'capital increases', 'choice period', '26 APRIL', 'announcement', 'publication', 'distribution', 'disclosure', 'part', 'Canada', 'Japan', 'Australia', 'Switzerland', 'South-Africa', 'violation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'shareholders', 'today', 'amount', 'regards', 'exchange', 'cash', 'combination', 'result', '1 January', 'contribution', 'kind', 'context', 'retention', 'resources', 'framework', 'Payment', '1.00 euro', '0.70 euro', 'deduction', 'Investment', 'return', 'subscription', 'total', 'modalities', 'basis', 'VWAP', '24 April', '25 April', '27.42 euros', 'owner', 'discount', 'relation', 'Section 26', 'paragraph', '12 May', 'articles', '25 December', '12.00', '50']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23787,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2654638/0/en/New-Data-on-Two-Nicox-s-Assets-NCX-470-and-NCX-1728-Presented-at-ARVO-2023.html,New Data on Two Nicox’s Assets  NCX 470 and NCX 1728  Presented at ARVO 2023,Press ReleaseNew Data on Two Nicox’s Assets  NCX 470 and NCX 1728  Presented at ARVO 2023April 26  2023 – release at 7:30 am CET Sophia Antipolis ......,Press ReleaseNew Data on Two Nicox’s Assets  NCX 470 and NCX 1728  Presented at ARVO 2023April 26  2023 – release at 7:30 am CETSophia Antipolis  FranceNicox SA (Euronext Paris: FR0013018124  COX)  an international ophthalmology company  today announced that studies highlighting nonclinical data on NCX 470 and NCX 1728 have been presented at the Association for Research in Vision and Ophthalmology (ARVO) Annual Meeting 2023 being held April 23-27  2023 in New Orleans  LA  United States.Poster title: NCX 470  a nitric oxide (NO)-donating bimatoprost  preserves rabbit eyes from biochemical and functional changes associated with endothelin-1 (ET-1)-induced ischemia/reperfusion injury of optic nerve head and retina.Retina and optic nerve head vascular dysfunction in glaucoma is an important therapeutic target. Effectively managing the ocular blood flow may slow the progressive worsening of retinal cell function seen in glaucoma patients. This work shows compelling new evidence of retinal cell protective activity with NCX 470 in addition to its IOP lowering ability. Specifically  NCX 470 is found to reverse both hemodynamic and retinal cell impairments consequent to ET-1 induced ischemia/reperfusion injury in rabbits.NCX 470  a novel NO-donating bimatoprost eye drop  is currently in Phase 3 clinical development for the lowering of IOP in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Mont Blanc  the first of the two Phase 3 clinical trials  has been completed and the results announced in October 2022. The second Phase 3 clinical trial  Denali  is currently ongoing  and the results are expected in 2025. Mont Blanc and Denali trials have been designed to fulfill the regulatory requirements for safety and efficacy Phase 3 trials to support NDA submissions in the U.S. and China. Two new Phase 3b clinical trials to evaluate the dual mechanism of action (NO and prostaglandin analog) in IOP lowering and the potential retinal benefits of NCX 470 are planned to start in H1 2023.Paper presentation title: NCX 1728  a nitric oxide (NO)-donating phosphodiesterase type-5 inhibitor  but not its des-nitro derivative (NCX 1880)  enhances ocular perfusion and improves photoreceptor function in rabbits with endothelin-1 (ET-1)-induced ischemia/reperfusion injury of optic nerve head and retina.Nitric oxide has a well-established role in ocular blood flow and visual function. This work shows for the first time that our NO-donating avanafil derivative  NCX 1728  abolishes ET-1 induced retinal and vascular dysfunction in rabbits. Data point to nitric oxide/soluble guanylyl cyclase signaling pathway stimulation as the main contributor for these effects. NCX 1728 holds promise for the treatment of retinopathies where dysfunctional ocular perfusion and neovascularization are key pathophysiological features in disease progression.NCX 1728 is an NO-donating phosphodiesterase-5 (PDE5) inhibitor  the lead compound of a new class of NO-donating molecules based entirely on NO-mediated activity. NCX 1728 is currently under preclinical evaluation for development in retinal conditions.About NicoxNicox SA is an international ophthalmology company developing innovative solutions to help maintain vision and improve ocular health. Nicox’s lead program in clinical development is NCX 470  a novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost  for lowering intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. The company is also conducting research on NCX 1728  a nitric oxide-donating phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor  in retinal conditions. NCX 4251  a novel  patented  ophthalmic suspension of fluticasone propionate nanocrystals for topical ocular application for dry eye disease  is being developed by Ocumension Therapeutics in China under an exclusive license agreement and is available for partnering elsewhere. Nicox generates revenue from VYZULTA® in glaucoma  licensed exclusively worldwide to Bausch + Lomb  and ZERVIATE® in allergic conjunctivitis  licensed in multiple geographies  including to Eyevance Pharmaceuticals  LLC (a wholly owned subsidiary of Santen Pharmaceutical Co.  Ltd.)  in the U.S. and Ocumension Therapeutics in the Chinese and in the majority of Southeast Asian markets.Nicox  headquartered in Sophia Antipolis  France  is listed on Euronext Paris (Compartment C: Mid Caps; Ticker symbol: COX) and is part of the CAC Healthcare index.For more information on Nicox  its products or pipeline  please visit: www.nicox.com.Analyst coverageBryan  Garnier & Co Eric Yoo Paris  FranceEdison Investment Research Pooya Hemami London  UKH.C. Wainwright & Co Yi Chen New York  U.S.Kepler Cheuvreux Arsene Guekam Paris  FranceThe views expressed by analysts in their coverage of Nicox are those of the author and do not reflect the views of Nicox. Additionally  the information contained in their reports may not be correct or current. Nicox disavows any obligation to correct or to update the information contained in analyst reports.ContactsNicoxGavin SpencerExecutive Vice President  Chief Business Officer& Head of Corporate DevelopmentT +33 (0)4 97 24 53 00communications@nicox.comForward-Looking StatementsThe information contained in this document may be modified without prior notice. This information includes forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These statements are based on current expectations or beliefs of the management of Nicox S.A. and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Nicox S.A. and its affiliates  directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents  do not undertake  nor do they have any obligation  to provide updates or to revise any forward-looking statements.Risks factors which are likely to have a material effect on Nicox’s business are presented in the 3rd chapter of the ‘Document d’enregistrement universel  rapport financier annuel et rapport de gestion 2021’ filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on April 29  2022 whose first amendment has been filed with the AMF on May 19  2022  in the 2nd chapter of the second amendment filed with the AMF on November 22  2022 and in the 2nd chapter of the Securities noted filed with the AMF on November 22  2022 which are available on Nicox’s website (www.nicox.com),neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.12,0.87,True,English,"['New Data', 'Two Nicox', 'Assets', 'NCX', 'ARVO', 'Gavin Spencer Executive Vice President', 'Two new Phase 3b clinical trials', 'nitric oxide/soluble guanylyl cyclase signaling', 'Co Yi Chen New York', 'novel NO-donating bimatoprost eye drop', 'optic nerve head vascular dysfunction', 'novel, patented, ophthalmic suspension', 'novel nitric oxide-donating bimatoprost', 'donating phosphodiesterase type-5 inhibitor', 'donating phosphodiesterase-5 (PDE5) inhibitor', 'second Phase 3 clinical trial', 'nitric oxide-donating phosphodiesterase 5 inhibitor', 'two Phase 3 clinical trials', 'Co Eric Yoo Paris', 'retinal cell protective activity', 'France Edison Investment Research', 'ET-1)-induced ischemia/reperfusion injury', 'Santen Pharmaceutical Co.', 'Phase 3 clinical development', 'dry eye disease', 'compelling new evidence', 'donating avanafil derivative', 'important therapeutic target', 'key pathophysiological features', 'fluticasone propionate nanocrystals', 'exclusive license agreement', 'Southeast Asian markets', 'CAC Healthcare index', 'Pooya Hemami London', 'retinal cell impairments', 'Arsene Guekam Paris', 'potential retinal benefits', 'ocular blood flow', 'Paper presentation title', 'topical ocular application', 'H.C. Wainwright', 'retinal cell function', 'ARVO) Annual Meeting', 'dysfunctional ocular perfusion', 'international ophthalmology company', 'Phase 3 trials', 'IOP lowering ability', 'NO-donating molecules', 'New Data', 'New Orleans', 'new class', 'Two Nicox', 'Denali trials', 'mediated activity', 'Euronext Paris', 'retinal conditions', 'Poster title', 'ocular hypertension', 'nitro derivative', 'disease progression', 'ocular health', 'Compartment C', 'photoreceptor function', 'visual function', 'Sophia Antipolis', 'nonclinical data', 'United States', 'functional changes', 'progressive worsening', 'Mont Blanc', 'regulatory requirements', 'NDA submissions', 'U.S.', 'dual mechanism', 'prostaglandin analog', 'first time', 'Data point', 'pathway stimulation', 'main contributor', 'lead compound', 'preclinical evaluation', 'innovative solutions', 'lead program', 'intraocular pressure', 'Ocumension Therapeutics', 'allergic conjunctivitis', 'multiple geographies', 'Eyevance Pharmaceuticals', 'Mid Caps', 'Ticker symbol', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'open-angle glaucoma', 'Press Release', 'Analyst coverage', 'analyst reports', 'Nicox SA', 'glaucoma patients', 'Assets', 'NCX', 'April', 'CET', 'studies', 'Association', 'Vision', 'eyes', 'biochemical', 'endothelin-1', 'work', 'addition', 'hemodynamic', 'results', 'October', 'safety', 'efficacy', 'China', 'action', 'H1', 'des', 'role', 'effects', 'promise', 'treatment', 'retinopathies', 'neovascularization', 'revenue', 'VYZULTA®', 'Bausch', 'Lomb', 'ZERVIATE®', 'subsidiary', 'Chinese', 'majority', 'information', 'products', 'pipeline', 'Bryan', 'Garnier', 'UK', 'views', 'analysts', 'author', 'obligation', 'Contacts', '7:30']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23788,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CM-COM-N-V-41094292/news/CM-com-N-com-shareholders-adopt-all-resolutions-43649130/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,CM com N : .com shareholders adopt all resolutions,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Shareholders of CM.com N.V. adopt all resolutions   BREDA  26 APRIL 2023   During the Annual General Meeting of CM.com N.V. on 26 April 2023  shareholders of CM.com adopted all resolutions.   Resolutions in…,"Resolutions included the adoption of the 2022 consolidated financial statements  discharge of the Management and Supervisory Board from liability for their responsibilities in 2022  and authorization to issue shares or grant rights to acquire shares in the share capital of CM.com N.V. up to 20% of the issued share capital.About CM.comCM.com is a listed company (Euronext Amsterdam: CMCOM) and provides Conversational Commerce services from its cloud platform that connects enterprises and brands to the mobile phones of billions of consumers worldwide. Conversational Commerce is the convergence of messaging and payments. CM.com provides messaging and voice channels  such as SMS  Over The Top (OTT) (e.g. WhatsApp Business  Apple Business Chat  Google RCS  Facebook Messenger  and Viber)  Voice API and SIP. These messaging channels can be combined with cloud platform features  like Ticketing  eSignature  Customer Contact  identity services and a Customer Data Platform. CM.com is a licensed Payment Service Provider (PSP) offering card payments  domestic payment methods and integrated payment methods like WeChat Pay. CM.com has around 1000 employees and offices in 21 countries globally. The platform of CM.com delivers fully integrated solutions  based on a privately owned cloud and 100% in-house developed software. By doing so  CM.com can guarantee scalability  time-to market  and global redundancy and delivery.Forward Looking StatementsStatements included in this press release that are not historical facts (including any statements concerning investment objectives  other plans and objectives of management for future operations or economic performance  or assumptions or forecasts related thereto) are forward-looking statements. These statements are only predictions and are not guarantees. Actual events or the results of our operations could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by the use of terms such as ""may "" ""will""  ""should""  ""expect""  ""could""  ""intend""  ""plan""  ""anticipate""  ""estimate""  ""believe""  ""continue""  ""predict""  ""potential"" or the negative of such terms and other comparable terminology. The forward-looking statements are based upon our current expectations  plans  estimates  assumptions and beliefs that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to  among other things  future economic  competitive and market conditions and future business decisions  all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond our control. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions  our actual results and performance could differ materially from those set forth in the forwardlooking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions  our actual results and performance could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this press release. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this press release or to conform such statements to actual results or revised expectations  except as required by law.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['CM', 'shareholders', 'resolutions', 'licensed Payment Service Provider', 'CM.com N.V.', 'domestic payment methods', 'integrated payment methods', 'Apple Business Chat', 'other comparable terminology', 'future business decisions', '2022 consolidated financial statements', 'Customer Data Platform', 'Conversational Commerce services', 'cloud platform features', 'WhatsApp Business', 'Customer Contact', 'identity services', 'integrated solutions', 'other things', 'future economic', 'Supervisory Board', 'share capital', 'listed company', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'mobile phones', 'voice channels', 'The Top', 'Google RCS', 'Facebook Messenger', 'Voice API', 'WeChat Pay', 'global redundancy', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'Actual events', 'numerous risks', 'other plans', 'future operations', 'looking statements', 'actual results', 'card payments', 'investment objectives', 'current expectations', 'market conditions', 'revised expectations', 'reasonable assumptions', 'messaging channels', 'economic performance', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'discharge', 'Management', 'liability', 'authorization', 'shares', 'rights', 'CMCOM', 'enterprises', 'brands', 'billions', 'consumers', 'convergence', 'SMS', 'OTT', 'Viber', 'SIP', 'Ticketing', 'eSignature', 'PSP', '1000 employees', 'offices', '21 countries', 'house', 'software', 'scalability', 'delivery', 'forecasts', 'predictions', 'guarantees', 'terms', 'may', 'estimates', 'beliefs', 'uncertainties', 'judgments', 'respect', 'competitive', 'control', 'obligation', 'law']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23789,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2654665/0/en/Oddo-BHF-initiates-coverage-of-Sidetrade.html,Oddo BHF initiates coverage of Sidetrade,Global AI-powered Order-to-Cash platform  Sidetrade  announced an agreement with the pan-European broker and investment bank Oddo BHF to strengthen its visibility on international stock markets.,"French EnglishGlobal AI-powered Order-to-Cash platform  Sidetrade   announced an agreement with the pan-European broker and investment bank Oddo BHF to strengthen its visibility on international stock markets.Oddo BHF initiated coverage of Sidetrade with an ‘Outperform’ rating and a target price of EUR 188 based on 1/a qualitative positioning in a buoyant context for Order-to-Cash solutions  2/its recognized Cloud/SaaS technology  3/a solid business model  and 4/the means to meet its ambitions of joining the 'Centaur' club further out.Oddo BHF’s report  titled ‘It always pays off in the end’  is available from Oddo BHF or on:https://www.sidetrade.com/company/investors/ .Matthias Desmarais  Head of Equities  Oddo BHF Corporates & Markets  commented: ""We are delighted to support Sidetrade in its stockmarket adventure. Its history resonates with the DNA of the ODDO BHF Group  and its positioning is perfectly in line with our strategic priorities.""Oddo BHF is present in the main financial markets  notably Paris  Frankfurt  Zurich  Geneva  Hong Kong and New York. With offices in more than ten countries throughout Europe  Asia and America  Oddo BHF provides Sidetrade with international coverage.Oddo BHF will regularly issue research reports on Sidetrade in line with business developments for the company and will organize meetings with targeted investors.Sidetrade is also followed by the Gilbert Dupont (Société Générale Group) broker  which initiated coverage of Sidetrade in July 2009  as well as by TP ICAP Midcap since October 2020.* All reports on Sidetrade prepared by analysts represent the opinions of those analysts and not necessarily those of Sidetrade. The information in such reports does not constitute an offer to sell or subscribe or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to any security in France  Europe  the United States  or any other country.Next financial announcementFirst quarter 2023 revenue: May 10  2023 (after market)Investor & Media relationsChristelle Dhrif +33 6 10 46 72 00 cdhrif@sidetrade.comAbout Sidetrade ( www.sidetrade.com )Sidetrade (Euronext Growth: ALBFR.PA) provides a SaaS platform dedicated to securing and accelerating cash flow. Sidetrade’s next-generation AI  nicknamed Aimie  analyzes $4.6 trillion worth of B2B payment transactions daily in the Sidetrade Cloud to predict customer payment behavior and the attrition risk of more than 21 million companies worldwide. Aimie recommends the best cash collection strategies  intelligently automates actions on the Order-to-Cash process  and dematerializes customer transactions to enhance productivity  performance and working capital management.Sidetrade has a global reach  with 300 talented employees based in Paris  London  Birmingham  Dublin  Houston  and Calgary  serving global businesses in more than 85 countries. Amongst them: Tech Data  Expedia Criteo  DXC  Veolia  Inmarsat  and Biffa.Sidetrade is now a participant of the United Nations Global Compact and adheres to its principles-based approach to responsible business.For further information  visit us at www.sidetrade.com and follow us on Twitter @Sidetrade.In the event of any discrepancy between the French and English versions of this press release  only the French version is to be taken into account.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.2,0.3,True,English,"['Oddo BHF', 'coverage', 'Sidetrade', 'Société Générale Group) broker', 'best cash collection strategies', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'ODDO BHF Group', 'TP ICAP Midcap', 'Next financial announcement', 'First quarter 2023 revenue', 'working capital management', 'B2B payment transactions', 'customer payment behavior', 'solid business model', 'main financial markets', '1/a qualitative positioning', 'international stock markets', 'Oddo BHF Corporates', 'Global AI-powered Order', 'pan-European broker', 'United States', 'customer transactions', 'global reach', 'global businesses', 'Cash platform', 'Cash solutions', 'cash flow', 'Cash process', 'business developments', 'responsible business', 'investment bank', 'Outperform’ rating', 'target price', 'buoyant context', 'Cloud/SaaS technology', ""Centaur' club"", 'Matthias Desmarais', 'stockmarket adventure', 'strategic priorities', 'Hong Kong', 'New York', 'Gilbert Dupont', 'other country', 'Media relations', 'Christelle Dhrif', 'Euronext Growth', 'SaaS platform', 'next-generation AI', '$4.6 trillion worth', 'attrition risk', '21 million companies', '300 talented employees', 'Tech Data', 'principles-based approach', 'English versions', 'press release', 'international coverage', 'French English', 'French version', 'ten countries', 'targeted investors', 'research reports', 'Sidetrade Cloud', '85 countries', 'agreement', 'visibility', '2/its', 'ambitions', 'end', 'Head', 'Equities', 'history', 'DNA', 'line', 'Paris', 'Frankfurt', 'Zurich', 'Geneva', 'offices', 'Asia', 'America', 'company', 'meetings', 'July', 'October', 'analysts', 'opinions', 'information', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'security', 'France', 'May', 'ALBFR', 'Aimie', 'productivity', 'performance', 'London', 'Birmingham', 'Dublin', 'Houston', 'Calgary', 'Expedia', 'Criteo', 'DXC', 'Veolia', 'Inmarsat', 'Biffa', 'participant', 'Twitter', 'event', 'discrepancy', 'account', 'Attachment']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23790,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AMG-ADVANCED-METALLURGICA-55482/news/AMG-Schedule-for-First-Quarter-2023-Earnings-Release-43648713/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,AMG Schedule for First Quarter 2023 Earnings Release,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  26 April 2023 --- AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. will release its first quarter 2023 financial results on Wednesday  May 3  2023  at approximately 18:00 CEST. AMG will host a conference call to discuss its financial resu…,"Amsterdam  26 April 2023 --- AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. (""AMG""  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: ""AMG"") will release its first quarter 2023 financial results on Wednesday  May 3  2023  at approximately 18:00 CEST. AMG will host a conference call to discuss its financial results for the first quarter of 2023 at 09:00 CEST (08:00 BST / 3:00AM EDT) on Thursday  May 4  2023.Please connect approximately 10 minutes prior to the beginning of the call to ensure participation. The call-in information is as follows:Toll-free number: 1-800-225-9448Alternate (toll) number: 1-203-518-9708United Kingdom: 44 0800 048 7798Netherlands: 31 0800 022 9530When prompted for the conference ID  tell the operator AMGQ123 and you will be directed onto the call. The conference call will be available on the website www.amg-nv.com within twenty-four hours following completion of the call.About AMGAMG's mission is to provide critical materials and related process technologies to advance a less carbon-intensive world. To this end  AMG is focused on the production and development of energy storage materials such as lithium  vanadium  and tantalum. In addition  AMG's products include highly engineered systems to reduce CO 2 in aerospace engines  as well as critical materials addressing CO 2 reduction in a variety of other end use markets.AMG Clean Energy Materials segment combines AMG’s recycling and mining operations  producing materials for infrastructure and energy storage solutions while reducing the CO 2 footprint of both suppliers and customers. AMG Clean Energy Materials segment spans the vanadium  lithium  and tantalum value chains. AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment combines AMG’s leading vacuum furnace technology line with high-purity materials serving global leaders in the aerospace sector. AMG Critical Minerals segment consists of AMG’s mineral processing operations in antimony  graphite  and silicon metal.With approximately 3 600 employees  AMG operates globally with production facilities in Germany  the United Kingdom  France  the United States  China  Mexico  Brazil  India  Sri Lanka  and Mozambique  and has sales and customer service offices in Japan (www.amg-nv.com).For further information  please contact:AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. +1 610 975 4979Michele Fischermfischer@amg-nv.comDisclaimerCertain statements in this press release are not historical facts and are “forward looking”. Forward looking statements include statements concerning AMG’s plans  expectations  projections  objectives  targets  goals  strategies  future events  future revenues or performance  capital expenditures  financing needs  plans and intentions relating to acquisitions  AMG’s competitive strengths and weaknesses  plans or goals relating to forecasted production  reserves  financial position and future operations and development  AMG’s business strategy and the trends AMG anticipates in the industries and the political and legal environment in which it operates and other information that is not historical information. When used in this press release  the words “expects ” “believes ” “anticipates ” “plans ” “may ” “will ” “should ” and similar expressions  and the negatives thereof  are intended to identify forward looking statements. By their very nature  forward looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties  both general and specific  and risks exist that the predictions  forecasts  projections and other forward looking statements will not be achieved. These forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. AMG expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in AMG's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions  or circumstances on which any forward looking statement is based.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['First Quarter 2023 Earnings Release', 'AMG Schedule', 'AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V.', 'leading vacuum furnace technology line', 'AMG Clean Energy Materials segment', 'AMG Critical Materials Technologies segment', 'AMG Critical Minerals segment', 'other end use markets', 'other forward looking statements', 'first quarter 2023 financial results', 'energy storage materials', 'related process technologies', 'energy storage solutions', 'less carbon-intensive world', 'customer service offices', 'Alternate (toll) number', 'mineral processing operations', 'tantalum value chains', 'high-purity materials', 'other information', 'financial position', 'Toll-free number', 'mining operations', 'future operations', 'United Kingdom', 'conference ID', 'twenty-four hours', 'engineered systems', 'aerospace engines', 'global leaders', 'aerospace sector', 'silicon metal', 'United States', 'Sri Lanka', 'Michele Fischer', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'future revenues', 'capital expenditures', 'financing needs', 'competitive strengths', 'business strategy', 'legal environment', 'similar expressions', 'CO 2 reduction', 'CO 2 footprint', 'EURONEXT AMSTERDAM', 'future events', 'historical information', 'inherent risks', 'conference call', 'production facilities', '26 April', 'Wednesday', 'May', '18:00 CEST', '09:00 CEST', '3:00AM', 'Thursday', 'beginning', 'participation', 'Netherlands', 'operator', 'AMGQ123', 'website', 'completion', 'mission', 'development', 'lithium', 'vanadium', 'addition', 'products', 'variety', 'recycling', 'infrastructure', 'suppliers', 'customers', 'antimony', 'graphite', '3,600 employees', 'Germany', 'France', 'China', 'Mexico', 'Brazil', 'India', 'Mozambique', 'sales', 'Japan', 'mfischer', 'Disclaimer', 'plans', 'expectations', 'projections', 'objectives', 'targets', 'goals', 'strategies', 'performance', 'intentions', 'acquisitions', 'weaknesses', 'reserves', 'trends', 'industries', 'political', 'words', 'expects', 'believes', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'predictions', 'forecasts', 'date', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'revisions', 'change', 'regard', 'conditions', 'circumstances', 'Attachment']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23791,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AZERION-GROUP-N-V-120380175/news/Publication-of-2022-Annual-Report-of-Azerion-Group-N-V-43644225/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Publication of 2022 Annual Report of Azerion Group N.V.,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam  26 April 2023 – Azerion has published its annual report and audited financial results for the full year 2022 for Azerion Group N.V.. The Annual Report can be found at https://www.azerion.com/reports/. Following the legal merger…,Amsterdam  26 April 2023 – Azerion has published its annual report and audited financial results for the full year 2022 for Azerion Group N.V.. The Annual Report can be found at https://www.azerion.com/reports/.Following the legal merger between Azerion Group N.V. and Azerion Holding B.V. effective as of 1 January 2023  Azerion Group N.V. absorbed all rights and obligations of Azerion Holding B.V.. The financial statements published in the annual report and full year figures are those of the surviving entity Azerion Group N.V..About AzerionAzerion is a high-growth digital entertainment and media platform. As a content-driven  technology and data company  Azerion serves consumers  digital publishers  advertisers  and game creators globally. Azerion’s integrated platform provides technology solutions to automate the purchase and sale of digital advertising for media buyers and sellers  supported by in-market sales and campaign management teams. Through our technology  content creators  digital publishers and advertisers work with Azerion to reach the millions of people across the globe that play Azerion’s games and view its distributed entertainment content to increase engagement  loyalty  and drive e-commerce.Founded in 2014 by two Dutch entrepreneurs  Azerion has experienced rapid expansion driven by organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Azerion is headquartered in Amsterdam  the Netherlands and is a publicly traded company listed on Euronext Amsterdam.For more information visit: www.azerion.comContact:Investor Relationsir@azerion.comMediapress@azerion.comDISCLAIMERThe companies in which Azerion Group N.V. directly and indirectly owns investments are separate legal entities. In this announcement “Azerion”  “Azerion Group”  “Company” and “Group” are sometimes used for convenience where references are made to Azerion Group N.V. and its subsidiaries in general. Likewise  the words “we”  “us” and “our” are also used to refer to Azerion Group N.V. and its subsidiaries in general or to those who work for them.This press release is for information purposes only. The information contained in this press release does not purport to be full or complete and  in particular  is not intended to form the basis of any investment decision. No reliance may be placed by any person for any purpose on the information contained in this press release or its accuracy  fairness or completeness. Azerion will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided.This press release may include forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts may be forward-looking statements. Words and expressions such as believes  estimates  plans  projects  anticipates  expects  intends  may  will  should or other similar words or expressions are typically used to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and other factors that are difficult to predict and that may cause the actual results of Azerion to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements reflect Azerion's current views and assumptions based on information currently available to Azerion's management. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made  and Azerion does not assume any obligation to update such statements  except as required by law. No assurances can be given that the forward-looking statements will be realised. No representation or warranty is made that any of these forward-looking statements will come to pass or that any estimated result will be achieved. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['Azerion Group N.V.', '2022 Annual Report', 'Publication', 'Azerion Holding B.V.', 'Azerion Group N.V..', 'two Dutch entrepreneurs', 'separate legal entities', 'full year figures', 'campaign management teams', 'high-growth digital entertainment', 'The Annual Report', 'other similar words', 'legal merger', 'entertainment content', 'other factors', 'digital publishers', 'digital advertising', 'financial results', 'surviving entity', 'game creators', 'integrated platform', 'market sales', 'content creators', 'rapid expansion', 'organic growth', 'strategic acquisitions', 'Investor Relations', 'press release', 'investment decision', 'historical facts', 'actual results', 'future results', 'current views', 'financial statements', 'looking statements', 'media platform', 'content-driven, technology', 'technology solutions', 'media buyers', 'undue reliance', 'data company', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'information purposes', 'April', '1 January', 'rights', 'obligations', 'consumers', 'advertisers', 'purchase', 'sellers', 'millions', 'people', 'globe', 'games', 'engagement', 'loyalty', 'commerce', 'Netherlands', 'Contact', 'DISCLAIMER', 'companies', 'investments', 'announcement', 'convenience', 'references', 'subsidiaries', 'basis', 'person', 'accuracy', 'fairness', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'forward', 'expressions', 'believes', 'estimates', 'plans', 'projects', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'date', 'law', 'assurances', 'representation', 'warranty']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23792,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CENERGY-HOLDINGS-S-A-32089807/news/Cenergy-S-A-Hellenic-Cables-signs-an-inter-array-cable-supply-agreement-with-Vattenfall--43650134/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Cenergy S A : Hellenic Cables signs an inter-array cable supply agreement with Vattenfall...,(marketscreener.com)  Brussels  26 April 2023   Cenergy Holdings announces that Hellenic Cables  its cables segment  signed an agreement with Vattenfall to supply the inter-array cables for the Norfolk Offshore Wind Zone. Hellenic Cables will supply the N…,"Brussels  26 April 2023Cenergy Holdings announces that Hellenic Cables  its cables segment  signed an agreement with Vattenfall to supply the inter-array cables for the Norfolk Offshore Wind Zone. Hellenic Cables will supply the Norfolk Offshore Wind Zone with approximately 850km of aluminum conductor cables which will link the wind turbines of each string and each string to the offshore substation  thus assisting to energize what will result in one of the largest offshore wind zones in the world.Under this contract  Hellenic Cables will design  manufacture  test and supply the 66kV XLPE-insulated subsea inter-array cables and the associated accessories.The cables will be produced at Hellenic Cables' modern  vertically integrated submarine cables plant in Corinth  Greece. Cable production will take place from 2025 to 2028 according to the project's delivery time schedule.The Norfolk Offshore Wind Zone will provide electricity to approximately 4.6 million homes  and upon its completion  it will be one of the largest offshore wind zones in the world.Catrin Jung  Head of Offshore Wind at Vattenfall  stated: ""We're really pleased to be working with Hellenic Cables  who will be providing the inter array cables for our Norfolk Offshore Wind Zone. This is another important milestone for the project and Vattenfall's mission for fossil fuel-free living within a generation.""Rob Anderson  Project Director of Vattenfall's Norfolk Zone  said: ""Offshore wind will help keep costs down for billpayers  reduce our reliance on expensive foreign gas  and help us to deliver net zero. The agreement with Hellenic Cables brings us another step closer to delivering one of the world's largest offshore wind zones which will provide over 4.5 million UK homes with clean  low-cost power.""Kostas Savvakis  General Manager at Hellenic Cables  commented: ""We are delighted that Vattenfall has renewed our collaboration and once again entrusted Hellenic Cables with supplying its high-quality cables to Norfolk  one of the world's largest offshore wind zones. We welcome the opportunity to work with Vattenfall once again and successfully execute this flagship project.""About VattenfallVattenfall is a European energy company with approx. 20 000 employees. For more than 100 years  it has electrified industries  supplied energy to people's homes and modernised the way of living through innovation and cooperation. It now wants to make fossil-free living possible within one generation.About Cenergy HoldingsCenergy Holdings is a Belgian holding company listed on both Euronext Brussels and Athens Stock Exchange  investing in leading industrial companies  focusing on the growing global demand of energy transfer  renewables and data transmission. The Cenergy Holdings portfolio consists of Corinth Pipeworks and Hellenic Cables  companies positioned at the forefront of their respective high growth sectors. Corinth Pipeworks is a world leader in steel pipe manufacturing for the energy sector and major producer of steel hollow sections for the construction sector. Hellenic Cables is one of the largest cable producers in Europe  manufacturing power and telecom cables as well as submarine cables for the aforementioned sectors. For more information  please visit our website at www.cenergyholdings.com.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.77,0.23,0.0,True,English,"['inter-array cable supply agreement', 'Cenergy S A', 'Hellenic Cables', 'Vattenfall', 'modern, vertically integrated submarine cables plant', '66kV XLPE-insulated subsea inter-array cables', 'The Norfolk Offshore Wind Zone', 'largest offshore wind zones', 'respective high growth sectors', 'The Cenergy Holdings portfolio', 'largest cable producers', 'delivery time schedule', 'expensive foreign gas', 'Belgian holding company', 'Athens Stock Exchange', 'growing global demand', 'steel pipe manufacturing', 'steel hollow sections', 'aluminum conductor cables', 'inter array cables', 'clean, low-cost power', 'European energy company', 'leading industrial companies', '4.5 million UK homes', 'Norfolk Zone', 'wind turbines', 'offshore substation', 'Cable production', '4.6 million homes', 'Hellenic Cables', 'cables segment', 'high-quality cables', 'telecom cables', 'associated accessories', 'Catrin Jung', 'important milestone', 'fossil fuel-free', 'Rob Anderson', 'Kostas Savvakis', 'General Manager', 'fossil-free living', 'energy transfer', 'data transmission', 'energy sector', 'major producer', 'construction sector', 'Corinth Pipeworks', 'Project Director', 'flagship project', 'one generation', 'Euronext Brussels', 'world leader', '26 April', 'agreement', 'Vattenfall', '850km', 'string', 'contract', 'manufacture', 'Greece', 'place', 'electricity', 'completion', 'Head', 'costs', 'billpayers', 'reliance', 'net', 'collaboration', 'opportunity', '20,000 employees', '100 years', 'industries', 'people', 'way', 'innovation', 'cooperation', 'renewables', 'forefront', 'information', 'website']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23793,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TELENET-GROUP-HOLDING-NV-5991/news/Telenet-shareholders-approve-the-board-of-directors-proposals-43648915/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Telenet : shareholders approve the board of directors' proposals,(marketscreener.com)   The enclosed information constitutes regulated information as defined in the Royal Decree of 14 November 2007 on the obligations of issuers of financial instruments admitted to trading on a regulated market.    Mechelen  26 April …,"The enclosed information constitutes regulated information as defined in the Royal Decree of 14 November 2007 on the obligations of issuers of financial instruments admitted to trading on a regulated market.Mechelen  26 April 2023 - Telenet Group Holding NV (""Telenet"" or the ""Company"") (Euronext Brussels: TNET) announces that earlier today its shareholders approved the proposals from the board of directors  as published in the March 24  2023 convening notice. This includes amongst others (i) the extension of certain board mandates for an additional four-year term and (ii) the payment of a €1.0 gross dividend per share.Extension of board mandatesTelenet's Annual General Shareholders' Meeting approved the proposed reappointment of three directors: Mr. Jo Van Biesbroeck1  Mr. Manuel Kohnstamm and Mr. Enrique Rodriguez  who have each been reappointed for an additional four-year term. For more information on the Telenet board of directors  we refer to our corporate website. ​ ​Approval of a €1.0 gross dividend per shareIn addition  the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting approved the proposed gross dividend of €1.0 per share (net €0.7 per share)  equivalent to an aggregate amount of €108.6 million2. As detailed in the February 16  2023 press release  the dividend will be paid on May 5  2023 with the Telenet shares trading ex-dividend as of the opening of the Brussels stock exchange on May 3  2023. The record date will be May 4  2023.The effective payment of the dividend to both registered shareholders and holders of dematerialized shares will occur on May 5  2023. The payment of the dividend will be subject to 30% withholding tax under Belgian law. The received net dividend per share of €0.7 can  however  differ for foreign shareholders depending on the existence of certain double tax treaties between Belgium and certain foreign countries. In order to benefit from the reduced withholding tax  shareholders will need to formally submit a tax certificate to ING Belgium  acting as paying agent on behalf of the Company  at the latest 10 calendar days after the actual payment date.Reference is made to Liberty Global's voluntary and conditional cash offer for the remaining Telenet shares not held by Liberty Global or Telenet (see also the press releases of Telenet and Liberty Global of March 21  2023 and the FSMA's press release of April 13  2023). The gross dividend of €1.0 per share as approved by the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting will be deducted from the offer price  as the dividend payment date will fall prior to the settlement date of the offer  resulting in an amount of €21.0 per share.​1 Mr. Jo Van Biesbroeck serves as permanent representative of JoVB BV[2] Based on 108 609 474 dividend-entitled shares as per April 26  2023",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"[""directors' proposals"", 'Telenet', 'shareholders', 'board', 'Mr. Jo Van Biesbroeck', ""Annual General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Telenet Group Holding NV', 'Mr. Manuel Kohnstamm', 'Mr. Enrique Rodriguez', 'additional four-year term', 'Brussels stock exchange', 'double tax treaties', 'conditional cash offer', 'February 16, 2023 press release', 'remaining Telenet shares', 'actual payment date', 'registered shareholders', 'foreign shareholders', 'Euronext Brussels', 'press releases', 'record date', 'dematerialized shares', '30% withholding tax', 'tax certificate', 'settlement date', '108,609,474 dividend-entitled shares', 'Royal Decree', 'financial instruments', 'regulated market', 'corporate website', 'Belgian law', 'foreign countries', 'paying agent', 'Liberty Global', 'offer price', 'permanent representative', 'JoVB BV', '€1.0 gross dividend', 'net dividend', 'effective payment', 'board mandates', 'Telenet board', 'aggregate amount', 'regulated information', 'three directors', '14 November', 'obligations', 'issuers', 'Mechelen', 'Company', 'TNET', 'proposals', 'March', 'notice', 'others', 'extension', 'reappointment', 'Approval', 'May', 'opening', 'existence', 'Belgium', 'order', 'reduced', 'behalf', 'latest', 'calendar', 'Reference', 'voluntary', 'FSMA', 'April']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23794,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/D-IETEREN-GROUP-5994/news/D-Ieteren-Repurchase-and-disposal-of-own-shares-43648646/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,D'Ieteren : Repurchase and disposal of own shares,(marketscreener.com) 26 Apr 2023 - Own shares   Repurchase and disposal of own shares related to share buyback programme  option scheme and liquidity contract     - This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -  …,"26 Apr 2023 - Own sharesRepurchase and disposal of own shares related to share buyback programme  option scheme and liquidity contract- This is an abstract. For further details  please refer to the full press release -In accordance with articles 8:4 and 8:6 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 implementing the Code on Companies and Associations  D'Ieteren Group announces today the purchase and disposal of treasury shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels and / or an MTF between 19 and 25 April 2023.The extraordinary shareholders' meeting of D'Ieteren Group renewed on 31 May 2018 the powers of the board of directors to acquire and dispose of own shares for a period of 5 years.The total number of own shares held by D'Ieteren Group reached 1 419 390 on 25 April 2023. The total number of ordinary shares equals 54 367 928.- End of abstract -In existence since 1805  and across family generations  D'Ieteren Group seeks growth and value creation by pursuing a strategy on the long term for its businesses and actively encouraging and supporting them to develop their position in their industry and geographies. The Group currently owns the following businesses:Belron (50.01%) has a clear purpose: ""making a difference by solving people's problems with real care"". It is the worldwide leader in vehicle glass repair and replacement and operates in 37 countries  through wholly owned businesses and franchises  with market leading brands - including Carglass®  Safelite® and Autoglass®. In addition  Belron manages vehicle glass and other insurance claims on behalf of insurance customers. Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €5 574m and €1 017m in FY-22.(50.01%) has a clear purpose: ""making a difference by solving people's problems with real care"". It is the worldwide leader in vehicle glass repair and replacement and operates in 37 countries  through wholly owned businesses and franchises  with market leading brands - including Carglass®  Safelite® and Autoglass®. In addition  Belron manages vehicle glass and other insurance claims on behalf of insurance customers. Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €5 574m and €1 017m in FY-22. D'Ieteren Automotive (100%) distributes Volkswagen  Audi  SEAT  Škoda  Bentley  Lamborghini  Bugatti  Cupra  Rimac  Microlino  Maserati and Porsche vehicles in Belgium. It has a market share of 22.5% and 1.2 million vehicles on the road. Its business model is evolving towards ""improving the lives of citizens with fluid  accessible and sustainable mobility"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €3 610m and €139m in FY-22.(100%) distributes Volkswagen  Audi  SEAT  Škoda  Bentley  Lamborghini  Bugatti  Cupra  Rimac  Microlino  Maserati and Porsche vehicles in Belgium. It has a market share of 22.5% and 1.2 million vehicles on the road. Its business model is evolving towards ""improving the lives of citizens with fluid  accessible and sustainable mobility"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €3 610m and €139m in FY-22. PHE (c.91%) is a leader in the independent distribution of spare parts for vehicles in Western Europe  present in France  Belgium  The Netherlands  Luxemburg  Italy and Spain. Its mission aims at ""promoting affordable and sustainable mobility"". It generated sales of €2 260m and adjusted operating result of €178m in FY-22.(c.91%) is a leader in the independent distribution of spare parts for vehicles in Western Europe  present in France  Belgium  The Netherlands  Luxemburg  Italy and Spain. Its mission aims at ""promoting affordable and sustainable mobility"". It generated sales of €2 260m and adjusted operating result of €178m in FY-22. TVH (40%)  is a leading global independent distributor for aftermarket parts for material handling  construction & industrial  and agricultural equipment. It operates in 26 countries worldwide. It has a unique operating model and has a clear purpose of ""keeping customers going and growing"". It generated sales of €1 622m and an adjusted operating profit of €258m in FY-22.(40%)  is a leading global independent distributor for aftermarket parts for material handling  construction & industrial  and agricultural equipment. It operates in 26 countries worldwide. It has a unique operating model and has a clear purpose of ""keeping customers going and growing"". It generated sales of €1 622m and an adjusted operating profit of €258m in FY-22. Moleskine (100%) is a premium and aspirational lifestyle brand which develops and sells iconic branded notebooks and writing  travel and reading accessories through a global multichannel platform. Its purpose is to ""unleash the human genius through hands on paper to empower creativity and knowledge in each individual and the entire world"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €143m and €21m in FY-22.(100%) is a premium and aspirational lifestyle brand which develops and sells iconic branded notebooks and writing  travel and reading accessories through a global multichannel platform. Its purpose is to ""unleash the human genius through hands on paper to empower creativity and knowledge in each individual and the entire world"". Sales and adjusted operating result reached respectively €143m and €21m in FY-22. D'Ieteren Immo (100%) groups together the Belgian real estate interests of D'Ieteren Group. It owns and manages 35 sites which generated €22.3m net rental income in FY-22. It also pursues investment projects and carries out studies into possible site renovations.Francis Deprez  Chief Executive OfficerArnaud Laviolette  Chief Financial OfficerStéphanie Voisin  Investor Relations - Tel: + 32 (0)2 536.54.39E-mail: financial.communication@dieterengroup.com - Website: www.dieterengroup.com",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.82,0.05,0.13,True,English,"[""D'Ieteren"", 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'shares', 'leading global independent distributor', 'global multichannel platform', 'full press release', ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", ""D'Ieteren Automotive"", 'aspirational lifestyle brand', 'iconic branded notebooks', ""D'Ieteren Group"", 'other insurance claims', 'share buyback programme', 'vehicle glass repair', 'unique operating model', 'leading brands', 'independent distribution', 'The Group', 'business model', 'operating result', 'operating profit', 'option scheme', 'liquidity contract', 'Royal Decree', 'Euronext Brussels', 'total number', 'family generations', 'value creation', 'long term', 'real care', 'insurance customers', 'fluid, accessible', 'sustainable mobility', 'spare parts', 'Western Europe', 'The Netherlands', 'aftermarket parts', 'material handling', 'agricultural equipment', 'human genius', 'entire world', 'market share', 'clear purpose', 'Porsche vehicles', '1.2 million vehicles', 'regulated market', 'Own shares', 'treasury shares', 'ordinary shares', 'worldwide leader', 'following businesses', '26 Apr', 'Repurchase', 'disposal', 'abstract', 'details', 'accordance', 'articles', '29 April', 'Code', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'MTF', '25 April', '31 May', 'powers', 'board', 'directors', 'period', '5 years', 'existence', 'growth', 'strategy', 'position', 'industry', 'geographies', 'Belron', 'difference', 'people', 'problems', 'replacement', '37 countries', 'franchises', 'Carglass®', 'Safelite', 'Autoglass', 'addition', 'behalf', 'Sales', 'adjusted', 'FY-22', 'Volkswagen', 'Audi', 'SEAT', 'Škoda', 'Bentley', 'Lamborghini', 'Bugatti', 'Cupra', 'Rimac', 'Microlino', 'Maserati', 'Belgium', 'road', 'lives', 'citizens', 'PHE', 'France', 'Luxemburg', 'Italy', 'Spain', 'mission', 'affordable', 'TVH', 'construction', 'industrial', '26 countries', 'Moleskine', 'premium', 'travel', 'accessories', 'hands', 'paper', 'creativity', 'knowledge', 'individual', '19']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23795,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-Compliance-Solutions-earns-category-leader-ranking-from-Chartis-Research-43644898/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions earns category leader ranking from Chartis Research,(marketscreener.com) Model Risk Management offering provides a superior user experience and risk mitigationhttps://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Wolters-Kluwer-Compliance-Solutions-earns-category-leader-ranking-from-Chartis-Re…,Model Risk Management offering provides a superior user experience and risk mitigationWolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions has achieved a prestigious Category Leader ranking in Chartis Research’s recently published vendor and market landscape report  “Model Risk Management: Validation Services and Tools  and Governance Solutions  2023.”According to Chartis  its recent report represents a progression in its longstanding research around model risk management (MRM)  as it analyzes the MRM vendor landscape using quadrants that cover both validation and governance solutions to reflect the different types of vendor functionality in the market  which have evolved from overlapping but distinct user requirements.In this report  Wolters Kluwer earned a category leader designation in the RiskTech Quadrant® for Model Governance Solutions. The quadrant has changed considerably since its previous MRM analysis in 2021  notes Chartis  with many vendors “having dropped from the space” or chosen not to focus efforts in this space.“While the expansion of IT infrastructure and digitalization has fueled the broader GRC market  domain expertise has remained a barrier for model risk governance ” writes report co-author Sidhartha Dash. “To stay active in [this] space  GRC firms can continue to offer compliance management and regulatory intelligence  alongside the core set of functionalities that has emerged.”“Recent events in the banking market have shown the importance of having robust  sound models—from helping demonstrate compliance  to ensuring the solvency of an organization. As part of this effort  managing the models that a financial institution uses in meeting those objectives is absolutely crucial ” said Chuck Ross  VP and Segment Leader  Investment Compliance  Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions.Wolters Kluwer offerings  including its OneSumX® for Compliance Program Management solution  provide financial institutions with a variety of means to establish the functioning of controls and adherence to polices  including  for example  its array of risk controls and self-assessments  attestations and test program functionality  to help foster model risk management.“There are increasing expectations around firms to ably manage model risks from both a quality and qualitative standpoint. Central to this capability is the ability to demonstrate a good  solid governance model process to an auditor  a regulator  or any other stakeholder  showing that the institution is managing its various risk models with effective policies  procedures and controls ” Ross adds.This latest honor for Wolters Kluwer follows on it being named #1 in four solution areas—and among the Top 10 firms globally—in the widely followed and highly respected Chartis RiskTech100® ranking for 2023  including a top ranking in Regulatory Intelligence capabilities for a second year running.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software  and services for professionals in healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230426005088/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.11,0.26,0.63,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions', 'category leader ranking', 'Chartis Research', 'good, solid governance model process', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'prestigious Category Leader ranking', 'Compliance Program Management solution', 'Wolters Kluwer Compliance Solutions', 'four solution areas', 'category leader designation', 'superior user experience', 'distinct user requirements', 'test program functionality', 'Model Governance Solutions', 'Model Risk Management', 'model risk governance', 'deep domain knowledge', 'previous MRM analysis', 'robust, sound models', 'Wolters Kluwer offerings', 'various risk models', 'broader GRC market', 'Chartis RiskTech100® ranking', 'Regulatory Intelligence capabilities', 'MRM vendor landscape', 'market landscape report', 'compliance management', 'model risks', 'top ranking', 'expert solutions', 'risk mitigation', 'Segment Leader', 'global leader', 'Investment Compliance', 'corporate compliance', 'vendor functionality', 'domain expertise', 'banking market', 'GRC firms', 'risk controls', 'longstanding research', 'different types', 'many vendors', 'IT infrastructure', 'Sidhartha Dash', 'core set', 'Recent events', 'increasing expectations', 'qualitative standpoint', 'other stakeholder', 'effective policies', 'latest honor', 'second year', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'source version', 'Chartis Research', 'recent report', 'financial institutions', 'Top 10 firms', 'RiskTech Quadrant®', 'Chuck Ross', 'Validation Services', 'Tools', 'progression', 'quadrants', 'overlapping', 'space', 'efforts', 'expansion', 'digitalization', 'barrier', 'author', 'functionalities', 'importance', 'solvency', 'organization', 'part', 'objectives', 'VP', 'OneSumX®', 'variety', 'means', 'functioning', 'adherence', 'polices', 'example', 'array', 'self-assessments', 'attestations', 'quality', 'capability', 'auditor', 'procedures', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'information', 'software', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'legal', 'ESG', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'businesswire']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23796,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/semiconductor-industries-n-v-announces-071100388.html,BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. Announces Q1-23 Results,Q1-23 Revenue of € 133.4 Million and Net Income of € 34.5 Million Down 3.1% and 14.2%  Respectively  vs. Q4-22. Operating Profit Exceeds Midpoint of...,"BE Semiconductor Industries N.V.Q1-23 Revenue of € 133.4 Million and Net Income of € 34.5 MillionDown 3.1% and 14.2%  Respectively  vs. Q4-22. Operating Profit Exceeds Midpoint of GuidanceQ2-23 Revenue to Increase 15%-25% Above Q1-23 LevelsDUIVEN  the Netherlands  April 26  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. (the “Company"" or ""Besi"") (Euronext Amsterdam: BESI; OTC markets: BESIY)  a leading manufacturer of assembly equipment for the semiconductor industry  today announced its results for the first quarter ended March 31  2023.Key HighlightsRevenue of € 133.4 million down 3.1% vs. Q4-22 due primarily to lower shipments for computing and automotive end-user markets from IDMs and Asian subcontractors. Down 34.1% vs. Q1-22 due to industry downcycle with particular weakness in computing end-user marketsOrders of € 142.0 million down 21.3% vs. Q4-22 principally as a result of lower mobile and  to a lesser extent  computing bookings from IDMs and Asian subcontractors. Vs. Q1-22  orders decreased 30.7% due primarily to broad weakness in computing end-user marketsGross margin of 64.2% rose 1.9 points vs. Q4-22 and 4.1 points vs. Q1-22 principally due to a more favorable product mix  positive net forex influences and cost reduction initiativesNet income of € 34.5 million down 14.2% vs. Q4-22 primarily due to higher share-based incentive compensation. Down 48.9% vs. Q1-22 reflecting broad based industry weakness and increased R&D spending. Ex share-based incentive compensation  net income reached € 43.0 million vs. € 42.3 million in Q4-22 and € 75.5 million in Q1-22Net margin of 25.9% vs. 29.2% in Q4-22 and 33.4% in Q1-22. Ex share-based incentive compensation  net margin realized of 32.2% vs. 30.7% in Q4-22 and 37.3% in Q1-22Cash and deposits of € 644.9 million and net cash of € 325.8 million decreased 7.4% and 20.0%  respectively  vs. Q1-22 due to significantly increased capital allocation to shareholdersOutlookQ2-23 revenue anticipated to increase 15-25% vs. Q1-23 with gross margins in a range of 62%-64%Story continues(€ millions  except EPS) Q1-2023 Q4-2022 Δ Q1-2022Δ Revenue 133.4 137.7 -3.1 % 202.4 -34.1 % Orders 142.0 180.5 -21.3 % 204.8 -30.7 % Operating Income 41.7 48.7 -14.4 % 81.7 -49.0 % EBITDA 48.2 54.8 -12.0 % 87.2 -44.7 % Net Income 34.5 40.2 -14.2 % 67.5 -48.9 % Net Margin 25.9 % 29.2 % -3.3 33.4 % -7.5 EPS (basic) 0.44 0.51 -13.7 % 0.87 -49.4 % EPS (diluted) 0.44 0.50 -12.0 % 0.81 -45.7 % Net Cash and Deposits 325.8 346.5 -6.0 % 407.0 -20.0 %Richard W. Blickman  President and Chief Executive Officer of Besi  commented:“Besi’s first quarter results were within guidance in an industry downturn with gross margin exceeding guidance. Revenue of € 133.4 million decreased by 3.1% versus Q4-22 primarily reflecting general weakness in high-end and mainstream computing markets from both IDMs and Asian subcontractors and a temporary reduction in shipments for automotive applications. Such adverse influences were partially offset by increased shipments for high-end smartphone applications. On a year over year basis  revenue this quarter declined by 34.1% reflecting the impact of the current downturn on Besi’s business. In addition  demand from Chinese customers remained weak representing approximately 27% of total revenue this quarter.“Besi’s profitability was solid in Q1-23 with gross margins reaching 64.2% due primarily to the current product mix and cost control efforts. Operating income of € 41.7 million exceeded the midpoint of guidance. Excluding share based compensation expense  Besi’s net income and net margin were € 43.0 million and 32.2% this quarter versus € 42.3 million and 30.7% recorded in Q4-22 despite lower revenue levels. In fact  our financial performance has significantly improved at this point of the industry downcycle as measured by a comparison of Besi’s results for the latest twelve months ending March 31  2023 versus the comparable period ending March 31  2019 with revenue  orders and operating profit increasing by 44.7%  66.5% and 82.7%  respectively.“Our financial position remained solid at quarter end with cash and deposits and net cash of € 644.9 million and € 325.8 million  respectively. In addition  cash flow from operations increased to € 61.4 million in Q1-23  up 36.4% versus Q1-22. During the quarter  we repurchased € 77.8 million of our shares bringing total purchases to € 174.1 million since the August 2022 initiation of our € 300 million share repurchase program.“Order trends in Q1-23 reflect both the negative effects of the current industry downturn and the favorable prospects for Besi’s wafer level assembly portfolio. For the quarter  orders of € 142.0 million declined by 21.3% versus Q4-22 primarily due to the pull-forward of some high-end smartphone bookings into Q4-22 and  to a lesser extent  decreased orders for mainstream computing and hybrid bonding applications. Orders for smartphone applications for the most recent two quarters significantly exceeded those for the comparable period of the prior year but were less than previously anticipated. Demand for automotive applications improved in Q1-23 versus both Q4-22 and Q1-22. We received a € 10.5 million order from a Chinese subcontractor subsequent to quarter end for automotive applications indicating ongoing strength in this end-user market.“Bookings this quarter also included orders for multiple hybrid bonding systems with follow on orders anticipated in Q2-23 from multiple customers  including two new customers. Progress in hybrid bonding and other wafer level assembly adoption continues apace with increased interest received from the development community and customers primarily for data center  mobile and memory applications. In addition  the first order for a TCB chip to wafer system was received subsequent to quarter end from a US customer.“The assembly equipment market outlook for 2023 remains negative as we work through the current industry downturn. Analysts have further lowered market estimates for this year but forecast a renewed upturn starting in the second half of 2023. We are prepared for various scenarios with a highly flexible production model and strategic intiatives in place to enhance profitability regardless of the industry direction. In the interim  we continue our investment in R&D programs and service/support in preparation for the next upturn and the significant projected growth of our wafer level assembly portfolio over the next three to five years.“For Q2-23  we forecast that revenue will increase by 15%-25% versus Q1-23 with gross margins of 62%-64% due to our projected product mix. Operating expenses are forecasted to decrease by 0-5% versus Q1-23.”First Quarter Results of Operations€ millions Q1-2023 Q4-2022 Δ Q1-2022 Δ Revenue 133.4 137.7 -3.1 % 202.4 -34.1 % Orders 142.0 180.5 -21.3 % 204.8 -30.7 % Book to Bill Ratio 1.1x 1.3x -0.2 1.0x +0.1Besi’s Q1-23 revenue of € 133.4 million declined 3.1% versus Q4-22 and was at the midpoint of prior guidance. The decrease was primarily due to lower shipments for computing and automotive end-user markets from IDMs and Asian subcontractors partially offset by increased shipments for high-end smartphone applications. Versus Q1-22  revenue decreased by 34.1% reflecting adverse industry conditions generally and particular weakness in computing end-user markets from IDMs and Asian subcontractors partially offset by higher shipments for mobile applications.Orders of € 142.0 million decreased 21.3% versus Q4-22 primarily due to the pull-forward of some high-end smartphone bookings into Q4-22 and  to a lesser extent  decreased orders for mainstream computing and hybrid bonding applications. Versus Q1-22  orders decreased by 30.7% principally as a result of lower bookings for high-end and mainstream computing applications by IDMs and Asian subcontractors. Per customer type  IDM orders decreased € 24.2 million  or 24.6%  versus Q4-22 and represented 52% of total orders for the period. Subcontractor orders decreased by € 14.3 million  or 17.4%  versus Q4-22 and represented 48% of total orders.€ millions Q1-2023 Q4-2022 Δ Q1-2022 Δ Gross Margin 64.2 % 62.3 % +1.9 60.1 % +4.1 Operating Expenses* 44.0 37.1 +18.6 % 39.9 +10.3 % Financial Expense  net 1.5 3.6 -58.3 % 3.7 -59.5 % EBITDA 48.2 54.8 -12.0 % 87.2 -44.7 %* Excluding share-based compensation expense  operating expenses would have been € 34.7 million  € 35.0 million and € 31.3 million in Q1-23  Q4-22 and Q1-22  respectively.Besi’s gross margin rose to 64.2%  an increase of 1.9 points and 4.1 points versus Q4-22 and Q1-22  respectively  and exceeded prior guidance. Gross margin development this quarter benefited from (i) a more favorable product mix  (ii) positive net forex influences  particularly versus Q1-22 and (iii) cost reduction initiatives.Q1-23 operating expenses rose by € 6.9 million  or 18.6%  versus Q4-22 due to a € 7.2 million increase of share-based incentive compensation. Versus Q1-22  operating expenses rose by € 4.1 million  or 10.3%  due primarily to € 2.4 million of increased R&D spending for next generation wafer level assembly systems as well as higher marketing and technical support costs related thereto. Excluding share based compensation expense  operating expenses represented 26.0% of revenue in Q1-23 versus 25.4% in Q4-22 and 15.5% in Q1-22.Financial expense  net  decreased by € 2.1 million and € 2.2 million versus Q4-22 and Q1-22  respectively  primarily as a result of increased interest income earned on cash balances outstanding.€ millions Q1-2023 Q4-2022 Δ Q1-2022 Δ Net Income* 34.5 40.2 -14.2 % 67.5 -48.9 % Net Margin* 25.9 % 29.2 % -3.3 33.4 % -7.5 Tax Rate 14.0 % 10.9 % +3.1 13.4 % +0.6* Excluding share-based compensation expense  Besi’s adjusted net income (net margin) would have been € 43.0 million (32.2%)  € 42.3 million (30.7%) and € 75.5 million (37.3%) in Q1-23  Q4-22 and Q1-22  respectively.Besi’s Q1-23 net income of € 34.5 million decreased € 5.7 million  or 14.2%  versus Q4-22. The profit reduction was primarily due to a € 7.2 million increase in share-based incentive compensation and a higher effective tax rate partially offset by improved gross margins and lower net financial expense. Versus Q1-22  net income decreased by € 33.0 million  or 48.9%  principally as a result of a 34.1% revenue decrease and increased R&D spending partially offset by increased gross margins and lower net financial expense.Financial Condition€ millions Q1-2023 Q4-2022 Δ Q1-2022 Δ Total Cash and Deposits 644.9 671.7 -4.0 % 696.6 -7.4 % Net Cash and Deposits 325.8 346.5 -6.0 % 407.0 -20.0 % Cash flow from Ops. 61.4 86.6 -29.1 % 45.0 +36.4 % Capital allocation* 77.8 65.0 +19.7 % 14.1 +451.8 %* Includes dividends and share repurchases.Total cash and deposits of € 644.9 million at the end of Q1-23 decreased by 4.0% versus Q4-22 and by 7.4% versus Q1-22 due to significantly increased capital allocation to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. During the quarter  Besi generated cash flow from operations of € 61.4 million which was used to fund (i) € 77.8 million of share repurchases  (ii) € 5.4 million of capitalized development spending and (iii) € 1.1 million of capital expenditures.Besi’s net cash of € 325.8 million at the end of Q1-23 decreased by € 20.7 million (-6.0%) versus year end and by € 81.2 million (-20.0%) versus Q1-22. Net cash development was positively influenced by the conversion of € 7.9 million of Besi’s 2024 Convertible Notes during the quarter. An additional € 13.0 million of 2023 Convertible Notes and 2024 Convertible Notes were converted in April 2023  resulting in a reduction of their principal balances to € 0.6 million and € 13.4 million  respectively.Share Repurchase ActivityDuring the quarter  Besi repurchased approximately 1.1 million of its ordinary shares at an average price of € 69.37 per share for a total of € 77.8 million. Cumulatively  as of March 31  2023  a total of 2.9 million shares have been purchased under the current € 300 million share repurchase plan at an average price of € 59.33 per share for a total of € 174.1 million. As of March 31  2023  Besi held approximately 3.6 million shares in treasury equal to 4.4% of its shares outstanding.OutlookBased on its March 31  2023 backlog and feedback from customers  Besi forecasts for Q2-23 that:Revenue will increase by 15-25% versus the € 133.4 million reported in Q1-23Gross margin will range between 62%-64% versus the 64.2% realized in Q1-23Operating expenses will decrease by 0-5% versus the € 44.0 million in Q1-23Investor and media conference callA conference call and webcast for investors and media will be held today at 4:00 pm CET (10:00 am EDT). To register for the conference call and/or to access the audio webcast and webinar slides  please visit www.besi.com.Important Dates 2023 • Annual General Meeting of Shareholders April 26  2023 • Publication Q2/Semi-annual results July 27  2023 • Publication Q3/Nine-month results October 26  2023 • Publication Q4/Full year results February 2024Dividend Information * • Proposed ex-dividend date April 28  2023 • Proposed record date May 2  2023 • Proposed payment of 2022 dividend Starting May 4  2023* Subject to approval at Besi’s AGM on April 26  2023Basis of PresentationThe accompanying condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as adopted by the European Union. Reference is made to the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements as included in our 2022 Annual Report  which is available on www.besi.com.About BesiBesi is a leading supplier of semiconductor assembly equipment for the global semiconductor and electronics industries offering high levels of accuracy  productivity and reliability at a low cost of ownership. The Company develops leading edge assembly processes and equipment for leadframe  substrate and wafer level packaging applications in a wide range of end-user markets including electronics  mobile internet  cloud server  computing  automotive  industrial  LED and solar energy. Customers are primarily leading semiconductor manufacturers  assembly subcontractors and electronics and industrial companies. Besi’s ordinary shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (symbol: BESI). Its Level 1 ADRs are listed on the OTC markets (symbol: BESIY) and its headquarters are located in Duiven  the Netherlands. For more information  please visit our website at www.besi.com .Contacts:Richard W. Blickman  President & CEOLeon Verweijen  SVP FinanceClaudia Vissers  Executive Secretary/IR coordinatorEdmond Franco  VP Corporate Development/US IR coordinatorTel. (31) 26 319 4500investor.relations@besi.comCaution Concerning Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains statements about management's future expectations  plans and prospects of our business that constitute forward-looking statements  which are found in various places throughout the press release  including  but not limited to  statements relating to expectations of orders  net sales  product shipments  expenses  timing of purchases of assembly equipment by customers  gross margins  operating results and capital expenditures. The use of words such as “anticipate”  “estimate”  “expect”  “can”  “intend”  “believes”  “may”  “plan”  “predict”  “project”  “forecast”  “will”  “would”  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking statements  although not all forward looking statements contain these identifying words. The financial guidance set forth under the heading “Outlook” contains such forward looking statements. While these forward looking statements represent our judgments and expectations concerning the development of our business  a number of risks  uncertainties and other important factors could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from those contained in forward looking statements  including any inability to maintain continued demand for our products; failure of anticipated orders to materialize or postponement or cancellation of orders  generally without charges; the volatility in the demand for semiconductors and our products and services; the extent and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and measures taken to contain the outbreak  and the associated adverse impacts on the global economy  financial markets  global supply chains and our operations as well as those of our customers and suppliers; failure to develop new and enhanced products and introduce them at competitive price levels; failure to adequately decrease costs and expenses as revenues decline; loss of significant customers  including through industry consolidation or the emergence of industry alliances; lengthening of the sales cycle; acts of terrorism and violence; disruption or failure of our information technology systems; consolidation activity and industry alliances in the semiconductor industry that may result in further increased customer concentration  inability to forecast demand and inventory levels for our products; the integrity of product pricing and protection of our intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions; risks  such as changes in trade regulations  conflict minerals regulations  currency fluctuations  political instability and war  associated with substantial foreign customers  suppliers and foreign manufacturing operations  particularly to the extent occurring in the Asia Pacific region where we have a substantial portion of our production facilities; potential instability in foreign capital markets; the risk of failure to successfully manage our diverse operations; any inability to attract and retain skilled personnel  including as a result of restrictions on immigration  travel or the availability of visas for skilled technology workers as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; those additional risk factors set forth in Besi's annual report for the year ended December 31  2022 and other key factors that could adversely affect our businesses and financial performance contained in our filings and reports  including our statutory consolidated statements. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Consolidated Statements of Operations (€ thousands  except share and per share data)Three Months EndedMarch 31 (unaudited) 2023 2022 Revenue 133 406 202 407 Cost of sales 47 718 80 758 Gross profit 85 688 121 649 Selling  general and administrative expenses 28 982 27 313 Research and development expenses 14 995 12 622 Total operating expenses 43 977 39 935 Operating income 41 711 81 714 Financial expense  net 1 545 3 716 Income before taxes 40 166 77 998 Income tax expense 5 618 10 460 Net income 34 548 67 538 Net income per share – basic 0.44 0.87 Net income per share – diluted 0.44 0.81Number of shares used in computing per share amounts:- basic- diluted 177 946 87383 777 67377 879 16985 084 945______________________________1) The calculation of diluted income per share assumes the exercise of equity settled share based payments and the conversion of all Convertible Notes outstandingConsolidated Balance Sheets (€ thousands) March31  2023(unaudited) December31  2022(audited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents 489 927 491 686 Deposits 155 000 180 000 Trade receivables 145 921 148 333 Inventories 101 024 92 117 Other current assets 24 126 24 562 Total current assets 915 998 936 698 Property  plant and equipment 32 278 33 272 Right of use assets 16 512 17 480 Goodwill 45 556 45 746 Other intangible assets 82 191 81 218 Deferred tax assets 18 397 19 563 Other non-current assets 1 170 1 213 Total non-current assets 196 104 198 492 Total assets 1 112 102 1 135 190 Current portion of long-term debt 2 372 2 361 Trade payables 48 877 41 431 Other current liabilities 109 761 100 099 Total current liabilities 161 010 143 891 Long-term debt 316 779 322 815 Lease liabilities 13 837 14 372 Deferred tax liabilities 12 882 13 303 Other non-current liabilities 12 001 12 274 Total non-current liabilities 355 499 362 764 Total equity 595 593 628 535 Total liabilities and equity 1 112 102 1 135 190Consolidated Cash Flow Statements (€ thousands)Three Months Ended March 31 (unaudited) 2023 2022 Cash flows from operating activities: Income before income tax 40 166 77 998 Depreciation and amortization 6 493 5 465 Share based payment expense 9 273 8 617 Financial expense  net 1 545 3 716 Changes in working capital 4 454 (42 501 ) Income tax paid (1 387 ) (7 272 ) Interest (paid) received 849 (1 057 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 61 393 44 966 Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures (1 135 ) (1 223 ) Capitalized development expenses (5 390 ) (5 654 ) Repayments of (investments in) deposits 25 000 14 286 Net cash provided by investing activities 18 475 7 409 Cash flows from financing activities: Payments of lease liabilities (1 100 ) (908 ) Purchase of treasury shares (77 779 ) (14 115 ) Net cash used in financing activities (78 879 ) (15 023 ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents98937 352 Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash andcash equivalents(2 748)953 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of theperiod491 686451 395 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 489 927 489 700Supplemental Information (unaudited) (€ millions  unless stated otherwise) REVENUE Q1-2023 Q4-2022 Q3-2022 Q2-2022 Q1-2022 Per geography: Asia Pacific 95.8 72 % 98.2 71 % 126.9 75 % 164.1 77 % 159.3 79 % EU / USA / Other 37.6 28 % 39.5 29 % 41.9 25 % 49.9 23 % 43.1 21 % Total 133.4 100 % 137.7 100 % 168.8 100 % 214.0 100 % 202.4 100 % ORDERS Q1-2023 Q4-2022 Q3-2022 Q2-2022 Q1-2022 Per geography: Asia Pacific 106.8 75 % 127.4 71 % 93.3 74 % 104.3 68 % 161.8 79 % EU / USA / Other 35.2 25 % 53.1 29 % 32.0 26 % 48.8 32 % 43.0 21 % Total 142.0 100 % 180.5 100 % 125.3 100 % 153.1 100 % 204.8 100 % Per customer type: IDM 74.0 52 % 98.2 54 % 80.7 64 % 86.8 57 % 97.1 47 % Subcontractors 68.0 48 % 82.3 46 % 44.6 36 % 66.3 43 % 107.7 53 % Total 142.0 100 % 180.5 100 % 125.3 100 % 153.1 100 % 204.8 100 % HEADCOUNT Mar 31  2023 Dec 31  2022 Sep 30  2022 Jun 30  2022 Mar 31  2022 Fixed staff (FTE) Asia Pacific 1 163 69 % 1 162 69 % 1 176 69 % 1 203 70 % 1 186 70 % EU / USA 519 31 % 513 31 % 518 31 % 511 30 % 500 30 % Total 1 682 100 % 1 675 100 % 1 694 100 % 1 714 100 % 1 686 100 % Temporary staff (FTE) Asia Pacific 232 74 % 60 42 % 237 74 % 433 83 % 536 86 % EU / USA 80 26 % 84 58 % 84 26 % 91 17 % 86 14 % Total 312 100 % 144 100 % 321 100 % 524 100 % 622 100 % Total fixed and temporary staff (FTE) 1 994 1 819 2 015 2 238 2 308 OTHER FINANCIAL DATA Q1-2023 Q4-2022 Q3-2022 Q2-2022 Q1-2022 Gross profit 85.7 64.2 % 85.8 62.3 % 105.2 62.3 % 130.4 61.0 % 121.6 60.1 % Selling  general and admin expenses: As reported 29.0 21.7 % 22.6 16.4 % 20.5 12.1 % 24.6 11.5 % 27.3 13.5 % Share-based compensation expense (9.3 ) -7.0 % (2.1 ) -1.5 % (0.9 ) -0.5 % (3.6 ) -1.7 % (8.6 ) -4.3 % SG&A expenses as adjusted 19.7 14.8 % 20.5 14.9 % 19.6 11.6 % 21.0 9.8 % 18.7 9.2 % Research and development expenses:: As reported 15.0 11.2 % 14.5 10.5 % 13.5 8.0 % 13.3 6.2 % 12.6 6.2 % Capitalization of R&D charges 5.4 4.0 % 5.5 4.0 % 5.2 3.1 % 5.2 2.4 % 5.7 2.8 % Amortization of intangibles (3.5 ) -2.6 % (3.0 ) -2.2 % (2.9 ) -1.7 % (2.9 ) -1.3 % (2.9 ) -1.4 % R&D expenses as adjusted 16.9 12.7 % 17.0 12.3 % 15.8 9.4 % 15.6 7.3 % 15.4 7.6 % Financial expense (income)  net: Interest income (2.6 ) (1.2 ) (0.2 ) (0.2 ) 0.0 Interest expense 2.9 2.8 3.3 3.7 2.4 Net cost of hedging 1.6 2.6 2.3 1.5 1.1 Foreign exchange effects  net (0.4 ) (0.6 ) 0.1 0.8 0.2 Total 1.5 3.6 5.5 5.8 3.7 Operating income as % of net sales 41.7 31.3 % 48.7 35.4 % 71.2 42.2 % 92.5 43.2 % 81.7 40.4 % EBITDA as % of net sales 48.2 36.1 % 54.8 39.8 % 77.1 45.7 % 98.0 45.8 % 87.2 43.1 % Net income as % of net sales 34.5 25.9 % 40.2 29.2 % 57.3 34.0 % 75.6 35.4 % 67.5 33.4 % Income per share Basic 0.44 0.51 0.71 0.94 0.87 Diluted 0.44 0.50 0.69 0.90 0.81",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.08,0.77,True,English,"['BE Semiconductor Industries N.V.', 'Q1-23 Results', 'BE Semiconductor Industries N.V.', 'higher share-based incentive compensation', 'Ex share-based incentive compensation', 'share based compensation expense', '300 million share repurchase program', 'wafer level assembly portfolio', 'positive net forex influences', 'broad based industry weakness', 'Such adverse influences', 'R&D spending', 'Richard W. Blickman', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'cost control efforts', 'latest twelve months', 'recent two quarters', 'current product mix', 'favorable product mix', 'cost reduction initiatives', 'hybrid bonding applications', 'automotive end-user markets', 'computing end-user markets', 'mainstream computing markets', 'high-end smartphone applications', 'current industry downturn', 'high-end smartphone bookings', 'semiconductor industry', 'lower revenue levels', 'first quarter results', 'broad weakness', 'assembly equipment', 'automotive applications', 'current downturn', 'OTC markets', 'Q1-23 Levels', 'industry downcycle', 'particular weakness', 'general weakness', 'temporary reduction', 'favorable prospects', 'lower mobile', 'Net Income', 'Net margin', 'Operating Profit', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'leading manufacturer', 'Key Highlights', 'Asian subcontractors', 'lesser extent', 'Gross margin', 'capital allocation', 'shareholders Outlook', 'Operating Income', 'Chinese customers', 'financial performance', 'comparable period', 'financial position', 'total purchases', 'August 2022 initiation', 'Order trends', 'negative effects', 'net cash', 'quarter end', 'lower shipments', 'year basis', 'cash flow', 'prior year', 'Q1-23 Revenue', 'Q2-23 Revenue', 'total revenue', 'Δ Revenue', 'Q4', 'Midpoint', 'Guidance', 'DUIVEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'Company', 'BESI', 'IDMs', 'Orders', '4.1 points', 'Q1-22', 'deposits', 'range', 'Story', 'EPS', 'EBITDA', 'President', 'impact', 'business', 'addition', 'demand', 'profitability', 'comparison', 'March', 'operations', 'shares', 'pull', '29.', '30.', '62', '€']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,finance.yahoo.com
23797,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INVIBES-ADVERTISING-N-V-44658586/news/Invibes-Advertising-N-v-Q1-2023-revenue-down-6-a-reaffirmed-growth-trajectory-for-2023-and-43648557/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Invibes Advertising N.v. :  Q1 2023 revenue down -6%  a reaffirmed growth trajectory for 2023 and beyond,(marketscreener.com)  London   26 April 2023 – Invibes Advertising   an advanced technology company specialising in digital advertising  announces its revenues for the first quarter of 2023.At close of the 1st quarter of 2023  Invibes recorded a turnover o…,"London   26 April 2023 – Invibes Advertising (Invibes)  an advanced technology company specialising in digital advertising  announces its revenues for the first quarter of 2023.At close of the 1st quarter of 2023  Invibes recorded a turnover of 5.4 M€  down by -6%  compared to the outstanding benchmark set in the 1st quarter of 2022 which had recorded a turnover growth of +67%.The quarter was mainly affected by France and Italy whom are in recovery following the sharp slowdown in the digital advertising sector recorded across Europe in the second half of 2022. In parallel  both the United Kingdom and Germany have subsequently recovered and posted strong performances this quarter with double-digit growth  primarily driven by the strong bounce-back of digital advertising in these countries over the period.This general economic downturn does not cast doubts on the Company's continued favourable long-term growth trajectory  driven by its solid and proven fundamentals and a unique positioning in the competitive landscape.Intelligent targeting solutions based on big data.Invibes offers its clients a unique value proposition by harnessing the power of big data based intelligent targeting solutions and innovative  high impact in-feed formats.In 1st quarter of 2023  Invibes launched a series of new intelligent targeting solutions to offer evermore effective campaigns and bring even more value to its customers:Invibes Survey - an interactive solution that combines the power of branding with the collection of direct feedback from users on any topic gathering key data to optimise future campaigns and improve the customer experience.Smart Targeting - an advanced targeting capability to develop and activate smart targeting segments such as the travel habits of frequent travellers  a mobile operator's loyal customers or its users who prefer to spend their free time at home.Invibes Clean Data Room - allows advertisers to download  store and analyse their own customer event data - all in a private  secure  and legal way  to improve campaign targeting and enrich their knowledge of customer journeys.Outlook 2023: continued growth and a positive EBITDAInvibes' confidence in its ability to continue to grow in 2023 and beyond is based on its track record of sustained growth in recent years.In 3 years (Q1 2020 and Q1 2023)  the turnover has more than tripled  representing an average annual growth rate during this period of +46%.This performance illustrates its capacity as a business to adapt to market changes and its resilience in challenging economic times  as was the case in 2020 during the pandemic  during which the Company recorded growth of +19%.To succeed  Invibes will also capitalise on its unique technology  which is built around an integrated ecosystem called ""Connected Walled Garden"". Built on proprietary algorithms  this technology is a major differentiating asset that allows the Company to stand out as a unique player in the digital advertising ecosystem.Beyond this powerful technological capital  Invibes will be able to rely on solid and proven foundations  which have led to its success since its creation:Innovation as a source of performance and efficiency in advertising campaigns and user engagement.The international network  established in 15 countries  allowing a cross-cutting approach  and the implementation of pan-European systems sought after by the major international brands.A network of publishers offering unparalleled reach for campaigns.Experienced and customer-oriented teams.An ever-growing roster of loyal clients persuaded by the Invibes Advertising solutions which have generated results well above market standards and expectations.On the strength of these structuring elements  Invibes is confident that in 2023 it will achieve further growth in its turnover whilst returning to a positive EBITDA for the year.About Invibes AdvertisingInvibes Advertising (Invibes) is an international technology company specialising in digital advertising innovation.Founded on the philosophy that advertising efficiency comes from being truly innovative and naturally engaging to users  Invibes has developed an integrated technology platform for brands to reach consumers through impactful in-feed advertising.Invibes delivers advertising that creates positive attention by harnessing the power of big data  innovative in-feed formats  wide reach and extensive intelligence services.Pioneering the way in sustainable advertising  Invibes also offers a unique solution to offset campaign emissions through its Carbon-Neutral label.In order to partner with some of the greatest brands in the world  like Amazon  Bacardi  Dell  IKEA and Toyota  we rely on even greater people. At Invibes we strive to maintain an energetic  open environment that fosters a culture of ideation  growth and #GoodVibes  that shines straight through to our clients.Want to hear more about Invibes? Visit: www.invibes.comInvibes Advertising is listed on the Euronext Stock Exchange (Ticker: ALINV – ISIN: BE0974299316)Read our latest press releases at:https://www.invibes.com/investors.htmlFollow the latest news about Invibes Advertising on:LinkedIn @Invibes Advertising Twitter @Invibes_advFinancial & Corporate Contacts:Kris Vlaemynck  co-CEOkris.vlaemynck@invibes.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mmhvZpptYpjFy52aZJdlbGKZb2aTxmnJmmaZmWaelMzIcJ+Ul5mXmpabZnBqmmtn- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Quarterly financial reporting:- First quarter financial report Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79561-2023-04-26-pr-invibes-advertising-en-final.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.68,0.31,0.01,True,English,"['Invibes Advertising N.v.', 'Q1 2023 revenue', 'growth trajectory', 'favourable long-term growth trajectory', 'average annual growth rate', 'new intelligent targeting solutions', 'Invibes Clean Data Room', 'general economic downturn', 'innovative, high impact', 'challenging economic times', 'major differentiating asset', 'powerful technological capital', 'extensive intelligence services', 'energetic, open environment', 'Euronext Stock Exchange', 'advanced targeting capability', 'smart targeting segments', 'integrated technology platform', 'customer event data', 'digital advertising sector', 'major international brands', 'digital advertising ecosystem', 'advanced technology company', 'unique value proposition', 'Invibes Advertising solutions', 'international technology company', 'digital advertising innovation', 'integrated ecosystem', 'campaign targeting', 'unique technology', 'big data', 'key data', 'customer experience', 'customer journeys', 'unique positioning', 'unique player', 'feed advertising', 'sustainable advertising', 'unique solution', 'international network', 'double-digit growth', 'continued growth', 'sustained growth', 'outstanding benchmark', 'sharp slowdown', 'second half', 'United Kingdom', 'strong performances', 'strong bounce-back', 'proven fundamentals', 'competitive landscape', 'feed formats', 'interactive solution', 'direct feedback', 'travel habits', 'frequent travellers', 'mobile operator', 'free time', 'positive EBITDA', 'track record', 'market changes', 'proprietary algorithms', 'proven foundations', 'user engagement', 'cross-cutting approach', 'pan-European systems', 'unparalleled reach', 'customer-oriented teams', 'growing roster', 'market standards', 'positive attention', 'wide reach', 'campaign emissions', 'Carbon-Neutral label', 'greatest brands', 'greater people', 'advertising campaigns', 'first quarter', '1st quarter', 'effective campaigns', 'future campaigns', 'advertising efficiency', 'Invibes Survey', 'loyal customers', 'legal way', ""Invibes' confidence"", 'recent years', 'turnover growth', 'loyal clients', '3 years', 'London', 'April', 'revenues', '5.4 M', 'France', 'Italy', 'recovery', 'Germany', 'countries', 'period', 'doubts', 'solid', 'series', 'branding', 'collection', 'users', 'topic', 'home', 'advertisers', 'knowledge', 'Outlook', 'Q1', 'capacity', 'business', 'resilience', 'case', 'pandemic', 'success', 'creation', 'source', 'implementation', 'publishers', 'Experienced', 'results', 'expectations', 'strength', 'elements', 'philosophy', 'consumers', 'impactful', 'order', 'world', 'Amazon', 'Bacardi', 'Dell', 'IKEA', 'Toyota', 'culture', 'ideation', 'Visit', 'Ticker', 'ALINV']",2023-04-27,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23798,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/assorted/innate-pharma-establishes-new-atthemarket-program-on-nasdaq-432SI-3065533,Innate Pharma Establishes New At-The-Market Program on Nasdaq By Investing.com,Innate Pharma Establishes New At-The-Market Program on Nasdaq,Published Apr 26  2023 04:51PM ETInnate Pharma (IPHA) Establishes New At-The-Market Program on NasdaqIPHA -1.40% Add to/Remove from WatchlistInnate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) today announced that it has filed a prospectus supplement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) relating to a new At-The-Market (“ATM”) program. Pursuant to this program  the Company may offer and sell to eligible investors (as described below) a total gross amount of up to $75 million of American Depositary Shares (“ADS”)  each ADS representing one ordinary share of Innate  from time to time in sales deemed to be an “at the market offering” pursuant to the terms of a sales agreement with Jefferies LLC (“Jefferies”)  acting as sales agent. The timing of any sales will depend on a variety of factors. The ATM program is presently intended to be effective unless terminated in accordance with the sales agreement or the maximum amount of the program has been reached. In connection with the establishment of a new ATM program  the Company has terminated the sales agreement  dated as of May 3  2022  relating to its previous ATM program  effective as of April 19  2023.The Company currently intends to use the net proceeds  if any  of sales of ADSs issued under the program to fund the research and development of its product candidates and for working capital and general corporate purposes.Jefferies  as sales agent  will use commercially reasonable efforts to arrange on the Company’s behalf for the sale of all ADSs requested to be sold by the Company  consistent with Jefferies’ normal sales and trading practices. Sales prices may vary based on market prices and other factors.The ADSs and the underlying ordinary shares will be issued through a capital increase without shareholders’ preferential subscription rights under the provisions of Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and pursuant to the 22nd resolution adopted by the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held on May 20  2022 (the “2022 Annual General Meeting”)  within the limit of a maximum number of 23 922 825 ordinary shares and ADSs (being the maximum authorized by the shareholders in such resolution)  representing a maximum potential dilution of approximately 22.97% based on the existing share capital of the Company.It should be noted that the 2023 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders has been convened for May 12  2023 (the “2023 Annual General Meeting”). During the 2023 Annual General Meeting  new resolutions allowing for capital increases will be put to the shareholders’ vote. If they are approved  they will replace  inter alia  the aforementioned 22nd resolution adopted by the 2022 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. Therefore  from then on  ADSs offered in the ATM and the underlying ordinary shares would be issued through a capital increase without shareholders’ preferential subscription rights and reserved to (i) industrial or commercial companies involved in the pharmaceutical / biotechnological sector  (ii) investment companies or investment funds’ management companies or investment funds  governed by French or foreign law that invest on a regular basis in the pharmaceutical/biotechnological sector  or (iii) any other legal person (including a trust) or natural person that invest on a regular basis  in the pharmaceutical / biotechnological sector  under the provisions of Article L. 225-138 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and pursuant to the 26th resolution that would be adopted by the 2023 Annual General Meeting. The maximum number of ordinary shares and ADSs that can be issued is 24 155 537 ordinary shares (being the maximum authorized by the shareholders in such resolution)  representing a maximum potential dilution of approximately 23.14% based on the existing share capital of the Company. Sales under the ATM program effected pursuant to the 22nd resolution adopted by the 2022 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders or the 26th resolution that would be adopted by the 2023 Annual General Meeting would be effected after an investor would have approached Jefferies to indicate its interest in acquiring ADSs.The ADSs offered in the ATM can only be offered to “Qualified Institutional Buyers” as defined in Rule 144A under the US 1933 Securities Act  as amended (the “Securities Act”) or to “accredited investors” as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act.On an illustrative basis  assuming the issuance of the full amount of $75 million of ADSs under the ATM program at an assumed offering price of $2.995  the last reported sale price of the ADSs on Nasdaq on April 20  2023  a holder of 1.0% of the outstanding Company’s share capital as of the date of this press release  would hold 0.76% of the outstanding Company’s share capital after the completion of the transaction (calculated on the basis of the number of outstanding shares on the date of publication of this press release).During the term of the ATM program  the Company will include in the publication of its financial results information about its use of the program during the preceding quarter and will also provide an update after each capital increase on a dedicated location on its corporate website in order to inform investors about the main features of each issue that may be completed under the ATM program from time to time. In addition  in case of a particularly significant capital increase  the Company will publish an ad hoc press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Innate Pharma', 'Market Program', 'The', 'Nasdaq', 'Investing', 'pharmaceutical / biotechnological sector', 'investment funds’ management companies', 'shareholders’ preferential subscription rights', 'general corporate purposes', 'Code de commerce', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Qualified Institutional Buyers', 'American Depositary Shares', 'maximum potential dilution', 'total gross amount', 'one ordinary share', 'French Commercial Code', 'other legal person', 'underlying ordinary shares', 'existing share capital', 'US 1933 Securities Act', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'previous ATM program', 'new ATM program', 'pharmaceutical/biotechnological sector', 'commercial companies', 'investment companies', '23,922,825 ordinary shares', '24,155,537 ordinary shares', 'maximum amount', 'natural person', 'outstanding shares', 'full amount', 'working capital', 'capital increase', 'maximum number', 'Euronext Paris', 'prospectus supplement', 'Exchange Commission', 'eligible investors', 'net proceeds', 'product candidates', 'reasonable efforts', 'trading practices', 'other factors', 'Article L.', 'foreign law', 'accredited investors', 'Regulation D', 'offering price', 'press release', 'market offering', 'market prices', 'new resolutions', 'regular basis', 'illustrative basis', '22nd resolution', '26th resolution', 'sales agreement', 'sales agent', 'normal sales', 'Sales prices', 'Market Program', 'shareholders’ vote', 'sale price', 'Jefferies LLC', 'outstanding Company', 'The ADSs', 'Apr', 'IPHA', 'Nasdaq', 'Watchlist', 'time', 'terms', 'timing', 'variety', 'accordance', 'connection', 'establishment', 'May', 'research', 'development', 'behalf', 'provisions', 'limit', 'industrial', 'trust', 'interest', 'Rule', 'issuance', 'last', 'completion', 'transaction', 'publication']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,investing.com
23799,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2654639/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 25 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9218 £ 23.7853 Estimated MTD return 1.06 % 1.14 % Estimated YTD return -3.05 % -2.62 % Estimated ITD return 169.22 % 137.85 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.02 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.70 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.8882 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.9990The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23800,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NEXANS-4676/news/Nexans-completes-Reka-Cables-acquisition-to-electrify-Nordics-43646975/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Nexans completes Reka Cables acquisition to electrify Nordics,(marketscreener.com) Nexans completes Reka Cables acquisition to electrify Nordics  _PRESS RELEASE_ Nexans announces the successful completion of its acquisition of Reka Cables  a premium company active in the manufacturing of high  medium and low voltages ca…,"Nexans completes Reka Cables acquisition to electrify Nordics_PRESS RELEASE_Nexans announces the successful completion of its acquisition of Reka Cables  a premium company active in the manufacturing of high  medium and low voltages cables   f or building applications  power distribution networks and onshore wind projects .With a turnover of 172 million euros in 2022   this acquisition is fully aligned with the Group ’ s strategic ambition to become a p ure e lectrification p layer committed to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030 .Nexans and Reka Cables will bring together their ideas and expertise across the Nordic region. The combined business will continue to be at the forefront of sustainability and innovation  in order to deliver high quality and safe cables to Nordic customers.Paris  France  April 26  2023 – Nexans announces today the successful completion of its acquisition of Reka Cables  a premium high  medium and low voltage cables manufacturer in Finland  from Reka Industrial (listed at NASDAQ Helsinki Ltd.) following receipt of regulatory clearance.This acquisition marks an additional milestone of Nexans’ ambition to become a pure electrification player focusing on the overall value chain.Reka Cables  headquartered in Hyvinkää  Finland  has been providing high-quality cables to customers in the energy  infrastructure  and building sectors for over 60 years. The company operates three manufacturing plants in Finland which will be complementing Nexans’ existing operations in Sweden and Norway. In 2022  Reka Cables reported current sales of 172 million euros and an EBITDA of 11 million euros.The company  combined with Nexans' global reach and innovation capabilities  will create significant value for customers in Nordics and beyond. Nexans and Reka Cables share a culture that emphasizes sustainability  and premium customer experience.Christopher Guérin  Chief Executive Officer of Nexans said: “ We look forward to welcoming the Reka Cables’ team within Nexans. They have a strong commitment to the energy transition and will contribute to our transformation of becoming a pure-player in electrification. Their expertise in premium and safe cables also lays the groundwork for further expansion in the region.”Markku E. Rentto  Chairman of the Board of Reka Industrial said: ""The business transaction creates new opportunities for Reka Cables teams and will provide them with new opportunities to grow and develop in the future as part of Nexans"".As part of the acquisition  Reka Cables will be integrated into Nexans' Distribution & Usage business group. This operation also opens great perspective for both for Reka Cables and Nexans teams  with even more synergies and development opportunities ahead of them.About Reka CablesReka Cables Ltd has been at the forefront of the cable industry for more than 60 years. Reka Cables provide durable  high-standard cable solutions for renewable energy production  network construction  industry as well residential and office construction. Reka Cables has approximately 270 employees and its turnover in 2022 was 172 million euros. Company's three production facilities are located in Finland: in Hyvinkää  Keuruu and Riihimäki. In November 2021  Reka Cables became one of the first cable manufacturers to achieve carbon neutrality in Scope 1 and Scope 2 areas.www.rekacables.comAbout NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With 28 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2022  Nexans generated 6.7 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usage  and Industry & Solutions. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comMaëllys LeosticTel.: +33 (0)7 87 04 96 58maellys.leostic@nexans.comInvestor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.8,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['Reka Cables acquisition', 'Nexans', 'Nordics', 'p ure e lectrification p layer', 'low voltage cables manufacturer', 'durable, high-standard cable solutions', 'four main business areas', 'Markku E. Rentto', 'onshore wind projects', 'NASDAQ Helsinki Ltd', 'Christopher Guérin', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'three production facilities', 'Maëllys Leostic', 'low voltages cables', 'overall value chain', 'pure electrification player', 'pure-player in electrification', 'premium customer experience', 'first cable manufacturers', 'renewable energy production', 'three manufacturing plants', 'Reka Cables’ team', 'Reka Cables Ltd', 'power distribution networks', 'Nexans’ existing operations', ""Nexans' global reach"", 'premium high, medium', 'Reka Cables teams', 'Usage business group', 'Reka Cables acquisition', 'combined business', 'business transaction', 'cable systems', 'significant value', 'Power Generation', 'high quality', 'safe cables', 'high-quality cables', 'Reka Industrial', 'successful completion', 'building applications', '172 million euros', 'strategic ambition', 'carbon neutrality', 'regulatory clearance', 'additional milestone', 'building sectors', 'current sales', '11 million euros', 'strong commitment', 'energy transition', 'new opportunities', 'great perspective', 'development opportunities', 'cable industry', 'network construction', 'office construction', 'Riihimäki', 'a century', 'crucial role', 'new world', 'safe, sustainable', 'decarbonized electricity', '6.7 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'compartment A.', 'Investor relations', 'first company', 'Nexans teams', 'The Group', 'premium company', 'Nordic region', 'innovation capabilities', 'Euronext Paris', 'Emmanuel Guinot', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'Nordic customers', 'Nexans’ ambition', ""Nexans' Distribution"", '2 areas', 'Nordics', 'turnover', 'ideas', 'expertise', 'forefront', 'sustainability', 'order', 'France', 'April', 'Finland', 'receipt', 'Hyvinkää', 'infrastructure', '60 years', 'Sweden', 'Norway', 'EBITDA', 'culture', 'transformation', 'groundwork', 'expansion', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'future', 'synergies', 'residential', '270 employees', 'Keuruu', 'November', 'planet', '28,000 people', '42 countries', 'everyone', 'leader', 'design', 'services', 'Transmission', 'Foundation', 'access', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Communication', 'Tel.', 'Attachment', '2022', '33']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23801,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2655247/0/en/Nexans-completes-Reka-Cables-acquisition-to-electrify-Nordics.html,Nexans completes Reka Cables acquisition to electrify Nordics,Nexans completes Reka Cables acquisition to electrify Nordics    _PRESS RELEASE_   Nexans announces the successful completion of its acquisition of...,"English FrenchNexans completes Reka Cables acquisition to electrify Nordics_PRESS RELEASE_Nexans announces the successful completion of its acquisition of Reka Cables  a premium company active in the manufacturing of high  medium and low voltages cables   f or building applications  power distribution networks and onshore wind projects .With a turnover of 172 million euros in 2022   this acquisition is fully aligned with the Group ’ s strategic ambition to become a p ure e lectrification p layer committed to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030 .Nexans and Reka Cables will bring together their ideas and expertise across the Nordic region. The combined business will continue to be at the forefront of sustainability and innovation  in order to deliver high quality and safe cables to Nordic customers.Paris  France  April 26  2023 – Nexans announces today the successful completion of its acquisition of Reka Cables  a premium high  medium and low voltage cables manufacturer in Finland  from Reka Industrial (listed at NASDAQ Helsinki Ltd.) following receipt of regulatory clearance.This acquisition marks an additional milestone of Nexans’ ambition to become a pure electrification player focusing on the overall value chain.Reka Cables  headquartered in Hyvinkää  Finland  has been providing high-quality cables to customers in the energy  infrastructure  and building sectors for over 60 years. The company operates three manufacturing plants in Finland which will be complementing Nexans’ existing operations in Sweden and Norway. In 2022  Reka Cables reported current sales of 172 million euros and an EBITDA of 11 million euros.The company  combined with Nexans' global reach and innovation capabilities  will create significant value for customers in Nordics and beyond. Nexans and Reka Cables share a culture that emphasizes sustainability  and premium customer experience.Christopher Guérin  Chief Executive Officer of Nexans said: “ We look forward to welcoming the Reka Cables’ team within Nexans. They have a strong commitment to the energy transition and will contribute to our transformation of becoming a pure-player in electrification. Their expertise in premium and safe cables also lays the groundwork for further expansion in the region.”Markku E. Rentto  Chairman of the Board of Reka Industrial said: ""The business transaction creates new opportunities for Reka Cables teams and will provide them with new opportunities to grow and develop in the future as part of Nexans"".As part of the acquisition  Reka Cables will be integrated into Nexans' Distribution & Usage business group. This operation also opens great perspective for both for Reka Cables and Nexans teams  with even more synergies and development opportunities ahead of them.About Reka CablesReka Cables Ltd has been at the forefront of the cable industry for more than 60 years. Reka Cables provide durable  high-standard cable solutions for renewable energy production  network construction  industry as well residential and office construction. Reka Cables has approximately 270 employees and its turnover in 2022 was 172 million euros. Company's three production facilities are located in Finland: in Hyvinkää  Keuruu and Riihimäki. In November 2021  Reka Cables became one of the first cable manufacturers to achieve carbon neutrality in Scope 1 and Scope 2 areas.www.rekacables.comAbout NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With 28 000 people in 42 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2022  Nexans generated 6.7 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usage  and Industry & Solutions. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group pledged to contribute to carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comMaëllys LeosticTel.: +33 (0)7 87 04 96 58maellys.leostic@nexans.comInvestor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.82,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['Reka Cables acquisition', 'Nexans', 'Nordics', 'p ure e lectrification p layer', 'low voltage cables manufacturer', 'durable, high-standard cable solutions', 'four main business areas', 'Markku E. Rentto', 'onshore wind projects', 'NASDAQ Helsinki Ltd', 'Christopher Guérin', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'three production facilities', 'Maëllys Leostic', 'low voltages cables', 'overall value chain', 'premium customer experience', 'first cable manufacturers', 'renewable energy production', 'pure electrification player', 'three manufacturing plants', 'Reka Cables’ team', 'Reka Cables Ltd', 'power distribution networks', 'Nexans’ existing operations', ""Nexans' global reach"", 'premium high, medium', 'Reka Cables teams', 'Usage business group', 'Reka Cables acquisition', 'combined business', 'business transaction', 'cable systems', 'significant value', 'Power Generation', 'high quality', 'safe cables', 'high-quality cables', 'Reka Industrial', 'English French', 'successful completion', 'building applications', '172 million euros', 'strategic ambition', 'carbon neutrality', 'regulatory clearance', 'additional milestone', 'building sectors', 'current sales', '11 million euros', 'strong commitment', 'pure-player in', 'new opportunities', 'great perspective', 'development opportunities', 'cable industry', 'network construction', 'office construction', 'Riihimäki', 'a century', 'crucial role', 'new world', 'safe, sustainable', 'decarbonized electricity', '6.7 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'compartment A.', 'Investor relations', 'first company', 'Nexans teams', 'The Group', 'energy transition', 'premium company', 'Nordic region', 'innovation capabilities', 'Euronext Paris', 'Emmanuel Guinot', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'Nordic customers', 'Nexans’ ambition', ""Nexans' Distribution"", '2 areas', 'Nordics', 'turnover', 'ideas', 'expertise', 'forefront', 'sustainability', 'order', 'France', 'April', 'Finland', 'receipt', 'Hyvinkää', 'infrastructure', '60 years', 'Sweden', 'Norway', 'EBITDA', 'culture', 'transformation', 'groundwork', 'expansion', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'future', 'synergies', 'residential', '270 employees', 'Keuruu', 'November', 'planet', '28,000 people', '42 countries', 'everyone', 'leader', 'design', 'services', 'Transmission', 'Foundation', 'access', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Communication', 'Tel.', 'Attachment', '2022', '33']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23802,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/INVIBES-ADVERTISING-N-V-44658586/news/Q1-2023-revenue-down-6-a-reaffirmed-growth-trajectory-for-2023-and-beyond-43648737/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Q1 2023 revenue down -6%  a reaffirmed growth trajectory for 2023 and beyond,(marketscreener.com) Invibes Advertising NV / Key word: Quarter Results/Quarter ResultsQ1 2023 revenue down -6%  a reaffirmed growth trajectory for 2023 and beyond 26.04.2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTLondon  26 April 2023 – Invibes Advertising  …,"Invibes Advertising NV / Key word(s): Quarter Results/Quarter ResultsQ1 2023 revenue down -6%  a reaffirmed growth trajectory for 2023 and beyond26.04.2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTLondon  26 April 2023 – Invibes Advertising (Invibes)  an advanced technology company specialising in digital advertising  announces its revenues for the first quarter of 2023.At close of the 1st quarter of 2023  Invibes recorded a turnover of 5.4 M€  down by -6%  compared to the outstanding benchmark set in the 1st quarter of 2022 which had recorded a turnover growth of +67%.The quarter was mainly affected by France and Italy whom are in recovery following the sharp slowdown in the digital advertising sector recorded across Europe in the second half of 2022. In parallel  both the United Kingdom and Germany have subsequently recovered and posted strong performances this quarter with double-digit growth  primarily driven by the strong bounce-back of digital advertising in these countries over the period.This general economic downturn does not cast doubts on the Company's continued favourable long-term growth trajectory  driven by its solid and proven fundamentals and a unique positioning in the competitive landscape.Intelligent targeting solutions based on big data.Invibes offers its clients a unique value proposition by harnessing the power of big data based intelligent targeting solutions and innovative  high impact in-feed formats.In 1st quarter of 2023  Invibes launched a series of new intelligent targeting solutions to offer evermore effective campaigns and bring even more value to its customers: Invibes Survey - an interactive solution that combines the power of branding with the collection of direct feedback from users on any topic gathering key data to optimise future campaigns and improve the customer experience.Smart Targeting - an advanced targeting capability to develop and activate smart targeting segments such as the travel habits of frequent travellers  a mobile operator's loyal customers or its users who prefer to spend their free time at home.Invibes Clean Data Room - allows advertisers to download  store and analyse their own customer event data - all in a private  secure  and legal way  to improve campaign targeting and enrich their knowledge of customer journeys.Outlook 2023: continued growth and a positive EBITDAInvibes' confidence in its ability to continue to grow in 2023 and beyond is based on its track record of sustained growth in recent years.In 3 years (Q1 2020 and Q1 2023)  the turnover has more than tripled  representing an average annual growth rate during this period of +46%.This performance illustrates its capacity as a business to adapt to market changes and its resilience in challenging economic times  as was the case in 2020 during the pandemic  during which the Company recorded growth of +19%.To succeed  Invibes will also capitalise on its unique technology  which is built around an integrated ecosystem called ""Connected Walled Garden"". Built on proprietary algorithms  this technology is a major differentiating asset that allows the Company to stand out as a unique player in the digital advertising ecosystem.Beyond this powerful technological capital  Invibes will be able to rely on solid and proven foundations  which have led to its success since its creation: Innovation as a source of performance and efficiency in advertising campaigns and user engagement.The international network  established in 15 countries  allowing a cross-cutting approach  and the implementation of pan-European systems sought after by the major international brands.A network of publishers offering unparalleled reach for campaigns.Experienced and customer-oriented teams.An ever-growing roster of loyal clients persuaded by the Invibes Advertising solutions which have generated results well above market standards and expectations.On the strength of these structuring elements  Invibes is confident that in 2023 it will achieve further growth in its turnover whilst returning to a positive EBITDA for the year.About Invibes Advertising Invibes Advertising (Invibes) is an international technology company specialising in digital advertising innovation.Founded on the philosophy that advertising efficiency comes from being truly innovative and naturally engaging to users  Invibes has developed an integrated technology platform for brands to reach consumers through impactful in-feed advertising.Invibes delivers advertising that creates positive attention by harnessing the power of big data  innovative in-feed formats  wide reach and extensive intelligence services.Pioneering the way in sustainable advertising  Invibes also offers a unique solution to offset campaign emissions through its Carbon-Neutral label.In order to partner with some of the greatest brands in the world  like Amazon  Bacardi  Dell  IKEA and Toyota  we rely on even greater people. At Invibes we strive to maintain an energetic  open environment that fosters a culture of ideation  growth and #GoodVibes  that shines straight through to our clients.Want to hear more about Invibes? Visit: www.invibes.comInvibes Advertising is listed on the Euronext Stock Exchange (Ticker: ALINV – ISIN: BE0974299316)Read our latest press releases at:Follow the latest news about Invibes Advertising on: LinkedIn @Invibes Advertising Twitter @Invibes_advFinancial & Corporate Contacts:Kris Vlaemynck  co-CEOkris.vlaemynck@invibes.com At close of the 1quarter of 2023  Invibes recorded a turnover of 5.4 M€  down by -6%  compared to the outstanding benchmark set in the 1quarter of 2022 which had recorded a turnover growth of +67%.The quarter was mainly affected by France and Italy whom are in recovery following the sharp slowdown in the digital advertising sector recorded across Europe in the second half of 2022. In parallel  both the United Kingdom and Germany have subsequently recovered and posted strong performances this quarter with double-digit growth  primarily driven by the strong bounce-back of digital advertising in these countries over the period.This general economic downturn does not cast doubts on the Company's continued favourable long-term growth trajectory  driven by its solid and proven fundamentals and a unique positioning in the competitive landscape.Invibes offers its clients a unique value proposition by harnessing the power of big data based intelligent targeting solutions and innovative  high impact in-feed formats.In 1quarter of 2023  Invibes launched a series of new intelligent targeting solutions to offer evermore effective campaigns and bring even more value to its customers:Invibes' confidence in its ability to continue to grow in 2023 and beyond is based on its track record of sustained growth in recent years.In 3 years (Q1 2020 and Q1 2023)  the turnover has more than tripled  representing an average annual growth rate during this period of +46%.This performance illustrates its capacity as a business to adapt to market changes and its resilience in challenging economic times  as was the case in 2020 during the pandemic  during which the Company recorded growth of +19%.To succeed  Invibes will also capitalise on its unique technology  which is built around an integrated ecosystem called """". Built on proprietary algorithms  this technology is a major differentiating asset that allows the Company to stand out as a unique player in the digital advertising ecosystem.Beyond this powerful technological capital  Invibes will be able to rely on solid and proven foundations  which have led to its success since its creation:On the strength of these structuring elements  Invibes is confident that in 2023 it will achieve further growth in its turnover whilst returning to a positive EBITDA for the year.About Invibes Advertising Invibes Advertising (Invibes) is an international technology company specialising in digital advertising innovation.Founded on the philosophy that advertising efficiency comes from being truly innovative and naturally engaging to users  Invibes has developed an integrated technology platform for brands to reach consumers through impactful in-feed advertising.Invibes delivers advertising that creates positive attention by harnessing the power of big data  innovative in-feed formats  wide reach and extensive intelligence services.Pioneering the way in sustainable advertising  Invibes also offers a unique solution to offset campaign emissions through its Carbon-Neutral label.In order to partner with some of the greatest brands in the world  like Amazon  Bacardi  Dell  IKEA and Toyota  we rely on even greater people. At Invibes we strive to maintain an energetic  open environment that fosters a culture of ideation  growth and #GoodVibes  that shines straight through to our clients.Want to hear more about Invibes? Visit: www.invibes.comInvibes Advertising is listed on the Euronext Stock Exchange (Ticker: ALINV – ISIN: BE0974299316)Read our latest press releases at: https://www.invibes.com/investors.html Follow the latest news about Invibes Advertising on: Additional features:File: 2023 04 26 - PR - Invibes Advertising - EN - finalEnd of Media Release",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.61,0.11,0.29,True,English,"['Q1 2023 revenue', 'growth trajectory', 'average annual growth rate', 'new intelligent targeting solutions', 'favourable long-term growth trajectory', 'Invibes Clean Data Room', 'general economic downturn', 'innovative, high impact', 'challenging economic times', 'major differentiating asset', 'powerful technological capital', 'extensive intelligence services', 'energetic, open environment', 'advanced targeting capability', 'smart targeting segments', 'integrated technology platform', 'digital advertising sector', 'customer event data', 'major international brands', 'digital advertising ecosystem', 'advanced technology company', 'unique value proposition', 'Invibes Advertising solutions', 'Invibes Advertising NV', 'digital advertising innovation', 'international technology company', 'integrated ecosystem', 'campaign targeting', 'unique technology', 'big data', 'key data', 'customer experience', 'customer journeys', 'feed advertising', 'sustainable advertising', 'unique positioning', 'unique player', 'unique solution', 'international network', 'double-digit growth', 'continued growth', 'sustained growth', 'advertising campaigns', 'outstanding benchmark', 'sharp slowdown', 'second half', 'United Kingdom', 'strong performances', 'strong bounce-back', 'proven fundamentals', 'competitive landscape', 'feed formats', 'interactive solution', 'direct feedback', 'travel habits', 'frequent travellers', 'mobile operator', 'free time', 'positive EBITDA', 'track record', 'market changes', 'proprietary algorithms', 'proven foundations', 'user engagement', 'cross-cutting approach', 'pan-European systems', 'unparalleled reach', 'customer-oriented teams', 'growing roster', 'market standards', 'positive attention', 'wide reach', 'campaign emissions', 'Carbon-Neutral label', 'greatest brands', 'greater people', 'first quarter', '1st quarter', 'advertising efficiency', 'effective campaigns', 'future campaigns', 'Invibes Survey', ""Invibes' confidence"", 'Quarter Results', 'Q1 2023 revenue', 'loyal customers', 'legal way', 'recent years', 'loyal clients', 'turnover growth', '3 years', '18:00 CET', 'CEST', 'London', '26 April', 'revenues', '5.4 M', 'France', 'Italy', 'recovery', 'Germany', 'countries', 'period', 'doubts', 'solid', 'series', 'branding', 'collection', 'users', 'topic', 'home', 'advertisers', 'knowledge', 'Outlook', 'capacity', 'business', 'resilience', 'case', 'pandemic', 'success', 'creation', 'source', 'implementation', 'publishers', 'Experienced', 'expectations', 'strength', 'elements', 'philosophy', 'consumers', 'impactful', 'order', 'world', 'Amazon', 'Bacardi', 'Dell', 'IKEA', 'Toyota', 'culture', 'ideation']",2023-04-27,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23803,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SRP-GROUPE-24530545/news/Srp-Groupe-INFORMATION-ON-THE-CONVENING-OF-SHAREHOLDERS-MEETINGS-43648613/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Srp Groupe :  INFORMATION ON THE CONVENING OF SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS,(marketscreener.com)  La Plaine Saint Denis  April 26  2023 – Showroomprivé   a European group specializing in smartshopping  informs its shareholders about the upcoming convening of the shareholders' meetings of the company.ADDITIONAL ORDINARY SHAREHOLDER…,"La Plaine Saint Denis  April 26  2023 – Showroomprivé (SRP Groupe)  a European group specializing in smartshopping  informs its shareholders about the upcoming convening of the shareholders' meetings of the company.ADDITIONAL ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGAs indicated in its press release date March 31st  2023  SRP Groupe's shareholders are invited to attend the additional ordinary shareholders' meeting which will be held on Friday  May 26  2023  at 10 a.m. 1 impasse du Pilier  93210 La Plaine Saint-Denis.This additional ordinary shareholders' meeting will be convened to cure the current irregularity in the situation of the auditors following an error made in the appointment process of Alain Pater SAS  as substitute auditors of the Company in 2017.As a reminder  this technical issue is unrelated to the accounting and financial information in the accounts of the Company.A notice of meeting (avis de réunion)  including the agenda  the draft resolutions that the Board of Directors plans to submit to a vote of shareholders  and main instructions for attending  voting and exercising shareholder rights at the General Meeting on May 26  2023  has been published on April 21  2023 in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales et Obligatoires (BALO) (bulletin n° 48 of April 21  2023  announcement no. 2301047).This notice of meeting can be consulted online on the Company's website at https://www.showroomprivegroup.com/en/shareholders-meeting/. All the information concerning the General Meeting will also be available on this website.The notice of meeting will be followed by a convening notice (avis de convocation)  which will be published in the BALO and a French legal announcement journal within the legal and regulatory timeframes.The preparatory documents for the General Meeting will be made available to shareholders at the registered office at 1 rue des Blés ZAC Montjoie 93212 La Plaine Saint-Denis Cedex France and on the company's website at https://www.showroomprivegroup.com/en/shareholders-meeting/ according to legal and regulatory requirements.ANNUAL COMBINED SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGSRP Groupe's shareholders will also be invited to attend the annual combined shareholders' meeting which will be held on Friday  June 30  2023  at 10 a.m. 1 impasse du Pilier  93210 La Plaine Saint-Denis.A notice of meeting (avis de réunion)  including the agenda  the draft resolutions that the Board of Directors plans to submit to a vote of shareholders  and main instructions for attending  voting and exercising shareholder rights at the Annual Combined Shareholders' Meeting on June 30  2023  will be published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales et Obligatoires (BALO) within the legal and regulatory timeframes.Cet avis de réunion ainsi que toutes les informations concernant l'Assemblée Générale Mixte Annuelle seront mis à disposition sur le site Internet de la Société.This notice of meeting and the preparatory documents for the General Meeting will be made available to shareholders at the registered office at 1 rue des Blés ZAC Montjoie 93212 La Plaine Saint-Denis Cedex France and on the company's website at https://www.showroomprivegroup.com/en/shareholders-meeting/.FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains only summary information and is not intended to be comprehensive.This press release may contain forward-looking information and statements about the Group and its subsidiaries. These statementsinclude financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives and expectationswith respect to future operations  products and services  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statementsmay be identified by the words “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “goal” or similar expressions. Although the Group believes that theexpectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors and the Group's shareholders are advised thatforward-looking information and statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict andare generally beyond the control of the Group  which could cause actual results and developments to differ materially and adverselyfrom those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertaintiesinclude those discussed or identified in filings with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (France's financial markets authority) made orto be made by the Group (particularly those detailed in Chapter 4 of the Company's registration document). The Group makes nocommitment to publicly update its forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.ABOUT showroompriveShowroomprivé is an innovative European player in the online private sales industry  specialized in fashion.Showroomprivé offers a daily selection of more than 3 000 brand partners via its mobile apps or website in France andsix other countries. Since its launch in 2006  the company has enjoyed rapid growth.Showroomprivé is listed on Euronext Paris (code: SRP) and reported GMV of almost €950 million incl. VATin 2022  and net revenue of €657 million. The Group is headed by David Dayan  the co-founder  and employs over 1 000 people.For more information: http://showroomprivegroup.comContactsShowroomprivé NewCap Sylvie Chan Diaz  Investor Relations investor.relations@showroomprive.net Financial communicationsThéo Martin  Louis-Victor Delouvrier Anne-Charlotte Neau JulliardRelations.presse@showroomprive.net Financial media relationsGaelle Fromaigeat  Nicolas Merigeaushowroomprive@newcap.euThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mGpwZ8mYapyYlmyal8aWmmqXl2hoyJKbbZLGxWFpmMmdmWyWx5qWbJbHZnBqmmpu- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:News releases for the provision of documents:- Terms of availability of the annual financial and audit reports Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79558-srp-groupe-cp-echeances-ag-en-vdef.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.04,0.79,True,English,"['Srp Groupe', ""SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS"", 'INFORMATION', 'THE', 'CONVENING', 'Assemblée Générale Mixte Annuelle', '1 rue des Blés ZAC Montjoie', 'La Plaine Saint-Denis Cedex France', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'La Plaine Saint Denis', 'online private sales industry', ""ADDITIONAL ORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", ""ANNUAL COMBINED SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", 'French legal announcement journal', '93210 La Plaine Saint-Denis', 'Alain Pater SAS', 'Annonces Légales', 'six other countries', 'innovative European player', 'financial markets authority', 'press release date', 'avis de convocation', '1 impasse du Pilier', 'General Meeting', 'financial projections', 'financial information', ""shareholders' meetings"", 'SRP Groupe', 'upcoming convening', 'current irregularity', 'appointment process', 'technical issue', 'réunion', 'main instructions', 'shareholder rights', 'regulatory timeframes', 'preparatory documents', 'registered office', 'regulatory requirements', 'site Internet', 'Société', 'underlying assumptions', 'future operations', 'future performance', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'registration document', 'future events', 'daily selection', '3,000 brand partners', 'mobile apps', 'summary information', 'forward-looking information', 'new information', 'European group', 'substitute auditors', 'numerous risks', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'The Group', 'convening notice', 'April', 'Showroomprivé', 'smartshopping', 'company', 'Friday', 'May', '10 a', 'situation', 'error', 'reminder', 'accounting', 'accounts', 'agenda', 'draft', 'resolutions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'vote', 'voting', 'Bulletin', 'Obligatoires', 'BALO', 'website', 'showroomprivegroup', 'June', 'informations', 'disposition', 'subsidiaries', 'estimates', 'plans', 'objectives', 'expectations', 'respect', 'products', 'services', 'words', 'investors', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'developments', 'filings', 'Chapter', 'commitment', 'fashion', 'launch']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23804,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2654640/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 25 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9218 £ 23.7853 Estimated MTD return 1.06 % 1.14 % Estimated YTD return -3.05 % -2.62 % Estimated ITD return 169.22 % 137.85 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 21.80 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.02 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.70 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 236.8882 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 126.9990The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'NAV N', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23805,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIESSE-S-P-A-93574/news/Biesse-S-p-A-26-04-2023-ndash-ORDINARY-AND-EXTRAORDINARY-SHAREHOLDERS-MEETING-43648206/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Biesse S p A : 26/04/2023 – ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING,(marketscreener.com)   Ordinary and Extraordinary   Shareholders' Meeting   Pesaro  26th April 2023   The Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Biesse:    has approved the Financial Statements for the year ended December 31  2022 …,Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting Pesaro  26th April 2023 The Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Biesse: has approved the Financial Statements (Biesse S.p.A. parent company) for the year ended December 31  2022  closed with a net profit of 19.842.879 18 euros;has examined the Group's Consolidated Financial Statements and the Sustainability Report;has approved the allocation of net income for 2022 - distribution of a total gross dividend of 0.33 euros per share  the entire amount of which from net income for the year;has resolved in favor of the Second Section of the Company's policy on the remuneration and on report on the remuneration paid for any reason and in any form according to art. 123-ter  comma 6  D. Lgs. 58/1998. The Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of Biesse  a Mid Cap company listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment  was held today in first convocation. Representing 73.72% (82.60% voting rights) of the share capital  the Shareholders' Meeting dealt with all the items on the agenda for the Ordinary Assembly contained in the notice of call and passed the relevant resolutions. Approved the Financial Statements of the parent company Biesse S.p.A. at 31 December 2022. Net revenues €573.5 million (+10.8% compared to 2021);EBITDA €37.4 million (+7.5% compared to 2021) margin 6.5% (7% in 2021);EBIT after non-recurring events €14 million (-€1.5 million in 2021); biesse.comNet Result (profit) €19.8 million (€2.1 million in 2021) incidence 3.5%. The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Group at 31 December 2022 were presented and examined. Consolidated net revenues of 822.4 million euros (+10.8% compared to 2021 and +28.2% compared to 2021);EBITDA of 90.6 million euros (+13.7% compared to 2021)  11% of revenues (10.7% in 2021);EBIT  after non-recurring events  of 50.7 million euros (45.7 million euros in 2021) 6.2% of revenues (6.2% in 2021);non-recurring events  of 50.7 million euros (45.7 million euros in 2021) 6.2% of revenues (6.2% in 2021); Net profit of 30.3 million euros (34.2 million euros in 2021)  3.7% of revenues - EPS (net profit per share) 1.11 euros. Net Financial Position As of December 31  2022  the Group's Net Financial Position was positive (cash positive) at €116.6 million  with a decrease of €8.0 million compared to the same period in 2021 net of any extraordinary items. Allocation of net profit The Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting approved the payment to the entitled shareholders of a total gross dividend of EUR 0.33 per share. The dividend is to be paid entirely from the profit for the year shown in the financial statements of the parent company Biesse S.p.A. The total disbursement related to the dividend will therefore be EUR 9.042.855 69. The remaining part of the net profit for the year  equal to € 10.800.023 49  will be allocated to Extraordinary reserves. The payment of the total dividend of EUR 0.33 will have coupon no. 17  detachment date May 8  2023  record date May 9  2023  value date May 10  2023. biesse.comPolicy on the remuneration The Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting resolved in favor of the Second Section of the Company's policy on the remuneration and on report on the remuneration paid for any reason and in any form for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. The Group's Sustainability Report for the year 2022 was presented and examined by the Shareholders' Meeting. In the extraordinary session  Shareholders' Meeting dealt with all the items on the agenda contained in the notice of call for the extraordinary session and passed the relevant resolutions: amendment of Article 2 of the Articles of Association regarding the corporate purpose;amendment of Article 11 of the Articles of Association relating to the company's ability to make use of the Appointed Representative referred to in Article 135- undecies of Legislative Decree 58/1998;introduction of Articles 15-bis in the Articles of Association  concerning the arrangements for the remote holding of Shareholders' Meetings;15-bis in the Articles of Association  concerning the arrangements for the remote holding of Shareholders' Meetings; amendments to Articles 16 and 19-bis of the Articles of Association and introduction of Article 16-bis  concerning the arrangements for the remote holding of meeting of the Board of Directors and Board of Statutory Auditors. All reports relating to items on the agenda of the Ordinary General Meeting of Biesse Shareholders have been deposited within the prescribed time limits and made available at the same time on the company website www.biessegroup.com investor relations area and on the website used for storage www.1info.it. The manager responsible for preparing the company's financial reports  Pierre La Tour  declares  pursuant to paragraph 2 of Article biesse.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"[""EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", 'Biesse S', 'Biesse S.p.A. parent company', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'The Consolidated Financial Statements', ""The Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'investor relations area', 'Pierre La Tour', 'total gross dividend', 'Ordinary General Meeting', 'Mid Cap company', 'Net Financial Position', ""Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Consolidated net revenues', 'Biesse Shareholders', 'total dividend', 'total disbursement', ""Shareholders' Meetings"", 'Ordinary Assembly', 'Extraordinary reserves', 'extraordinary session', 'net income', 'Net Result', 'The Group', 'net profit', 'financial reports', 'entire amount', 'Second Section', 'D. Lgs.', 'first convocation', '73.72% (82.60% voting rights', 'relevant resolutions', 'recurring events', 'same period', 'remaining part', 'detachment date', 'record date', 'value date', 'corporate purpose', 'Appointed Representative', 'Legislative Decree', 'remote holding', 'Statutory Auditors', 'time limits', 'same time', 'financial year', 'extraordinary items', 'company website', '822.4 million euros', '90.6 million euros', '50.7 million euros', '45.7 million euros', 'Sustainability Report', 'share capital', '30.3 million', '18 euros', '0.33 euros', 'Pesaro', 'December', 'allocation', 'distribution', 'favor', 'policy', 'remuneration', 'reason', 'form', 'art.', 'comma', 'agenda', 'notice', 'call', 'EBITDA', 'margin', 'non', 'incidence', 'EPS', 'decrease', 'payment', 'entitled', 'coupon', 'amendment', 'Article', 'Association', 'use', 'introduction', 'arrangements', 'Board', 'Directors', 'storage', 'manager', 'paragraph', '19.842.879', '2021']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23806,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAGA-ENERGY-128249926/news/Waga-Energy-Strong-business-growth-in-2022-and-positive-outlook-for-2023-43650388/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Waga Energy: Strong business growth in 2022 and positive outlook for 2023,(marketscreener.com) Waga EnergyWaga Energy: Strong business growth in 2022 and positive outlook for 2023 26-Apr-2023 / 21:45 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content…,Waga EnergyWaga Energy: Strong business growth in 2022 and positive outlook for 202326-Apr-2023 / 21:45 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.2022 full-year results Strong business growth in 2022 Waga Energy achieved a strong performance in 2022 amid a volatile geopolitical and economic environment. The year was marked by upsizing  the adaptation of proprietary technology to international markets  team structuring to drive development  and operational excellence. Consolidated revenue up sharply (56%) to €19.2m216 GWh of Renewable Natural Gas (RNG) injected into the grid (up 49%)35 700 tons of CO 2 equivalent avoided [1][1] Seven new contracts signed  bringing to 29 the number of WAGABOX ® projects undertaken at the end of 2022  representing a total installed capacity of over 1 TWh/year€91.7m in cash and cash equivalents versus financial debt of €52.6m Positive outlook for 2023 Waga Energy is driven by the sharp acceleration in global demand for Renewable Natural Gas (RNG) and by the key challenge of reducing methane emissions. Underpinned by proven technology and recognized know-how  the Group is establishing itself as a key player in the production of RNG at landfills. 123 projects under development   mainly abroadOver 1.5 TWh of installed capacity under exclusive negotiations in North AmericaFirst upward revisions (up 60%) of the selling price of RNG produced by WAGABOX ® units in operation or under constructionEight commissionings planned for 2023 with an installed capacity of 800 GWh/year by the end of the year Waga Energy CEO Mathieu Lefebvre said: “The substantial and lasting increase in the commercial value of Renewable Natural Gas in the wake of the 2022 energy crisis provides Waga Energy with an opportunity to accelerate the rollout of its solution in support of the energy transition. Thanks to the structuring and organizational work carried out by our teams in recent months  the Group is now ideally placed to become a world leader in landfill gas upgrading into Renewable Natural Gas. 2023 will be marked by the commissioning of the first international units. The current climate emergency has strengthened our determination to make a robust and rapid contribution to reducing greenhouse gas emissions.” Waga Energy (Euronext Paris: FR0012532810  EPA: WAGA)  a specialist in the production of Renewable Natural Gas (RNG) from landfill gas  today reports its results for the fiscal year ended December 31  2022  as approved by the company’s Board of Directors on April 25  2023. Waga Energy posted consolidated revenue of €19.2 million in 2022  up 56% versus 2021. During the year  the Group actively pursued the implementation of the roadmap presented at the time of the October 2021 IPO: structuring of the organization  geographic expansion  and shift towards larger-capacity WAGABOX® projects. The resources deployed to support growth had an impact on consolidated net income (-€9.7 million)  without however affecting the financial capacities of the Group  which closed the year with €91.7 million in cash and cash equivalents. Consolidated financial statement €m 2022 2021 % change Revenue 19.2 12.3 +56% Operating expenses(excl. depr./amort./prov. & IFRS 2 expenses) (22.4) (12.1) +85% EBITDA* (3.2) 0.2 IFRS 2 expenses (share-based payment) (2.2) (1.4) +64% Depreciation  amortization and provisions (2.7) (1.8) +50% Recurring operating income (loss) (8.2) (3.0) Non-recurring operating income and expenses 0.0 (1.3) -103% Operating income (loss) (8.1) (4.2) Cost of financial debt (1.2) (3.2) Consolidated net income (loss) (9.7) (7.7) Net income (loss) (Group share) (10.1) (8.1) Capex (40.9) (13.1) +213% Cash and cash equivalents (Dec. 31) 91.7 122.9 -25%* EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation & Amortization) is an indicator of operating performance  defined as operating income before non-recurring items restated for net depreciation and amortization on property  plant and equipment  intangible assets  and provisions  as well as expenses related to share-based payments (IFRS 2). Since the fiscal year ended December 31  2022  the Group has changed the definition of this indicator by restating it for share-based payment expenses  which do not reflect the Group’s recurring operating performance and have no direct cash impact. Strong growth in Renewable Natural Gas (RNG) production and revenue Out of consolidated revenue of €19.2 million  79% was generated from sales of RNG and purification services invoiced to landfill operators. The 14 WAGABOX® units in operation as of December 31  2022 injected 216 GWh of RNG into gas grids (up 49%)  thanks to average uptime of over 95%[2] and the successful commissioning of four new units  including one large-capacity unit producing five times more than the previous ones  a major asset in addressing international markets. Revenue also includes percentage-of-completion revenue recognized on the sale of two cryogenic distillation modules to Air Liquide in the United States  and a WAGABOX® unit to the Capital Regional District to equip the Hartland landfill in Vancouver (Canada). The Canada sale represents a total amount of CAD 30 million  which will be recognized as revenue on a percentage of completion basis in line with progress on construction of the unit  due to be commissioned in the second half of 2024. The Group currently estimates annual contractual and recurring revenue based on signed projects and projects in operation at around €46 million  compared to €40 million a year ago.[3] As of December 31  2022  the Group operated 14 WAGABOX® units in France  offering an installed capacity of 415 GWh per year  while 15 more units are under construction  representing an additional installed capacity of 650 GWh per year. Once operational  the 29 units will offer a total installed capacity of over 1 TWh per year. 2022 2021 Units in operation 14 10 Installed capacity (GWh/year) 415 220 Units under construction 15 12 Installed capacity (GWh/year) 650 590 Total installed capacity (GWh/year) 1 065 810 EBITDA impacted by Group structuring In 2022 in line with its strategic plan  Waga Energy worked on structuring its organization in order to accelerate growth in France and abroad. As a result  EBITDA fell from +€0.2 million in 2021 to-€3.2 million  mainly reflecting business development initiatives in the United States. Tripling of capital expenditure Capital expenditure (capex) tripled to €41 million  driven by the Group’s international expansion and the rollout of larger units. Nearly half of Group capex was assigned to the construction of three units in Spain  Canada and the United States  which will provide a combined installed capacity of 260 GWh per year. The Group has also invested in a new headquarters  which is set to become an international center of expertise in the fields of RNG  cryogenics and renewable gases. Robust financial capacity  with €91.7 million in cash and cash equivalents In 2022  the Group continued to finance its business under favorable conditions  enabling it to secure long-term debt while reducing the average cost of debt. The Group drew €3 million and €4.9 million respectively under loans granted by Bpifrance and Canadian bank Caisse Desjardins  concluded non-recourse financing in the amount of €23 million with CIC and Crédit Mutuel Arkea  and obtained an €8 million loan from its longstanding bank partners to finance the purchase of the new head office and related works. Taking into account cash flows related to investments (€37 million outflow net of subsidies)  operations (€7 million outflow) and debt (€13 million inflow)  the net change in cash was a €31 million outflow. As of December 31  2022  the Group posted equity of €112 million  cash and cash equivalents of €91.7 million and financial debt of €52.6 million. This puts the Group in a strong position to continue financing its growth. Confirmation of 2026 targets The Group benefited from the dramatic rise in the commercial value of RNG on all markets  as evidenced by a 60% increase in the production sale price for its first Spanish unit. Other RNG sale agreements are currently under renegotiation. At time of release  Waga Energy has entered into exclusive negotiations on several projects in North America  representing a total installed capacity of over 1.5 TWh per year. In this propitious environment  Waga Energy forecasts another year of strong growth in 2023 and confirms its 2026 targets. Increase in amount allocated to liquidity contract On April 26  2023  Waga Energy signed an amendment to the liquidity contract concluded with Portzamparc-BNP Paribas on November 19  2021 in order to allocate an additional €500 000 to the contract. This arrangement  which falls within the framework of AMF decision 2021-01 of June 22  2021 on the establishment of liquidity contracts on equity securities consistent with accepted market practice  is intended to improve share liquidity and trading conditions for investors. As such  the liquidity contract position after allocation of these new funds as of April 25  2023 is: • 11 740 shares • €685 044.93. Next release: September 27  2023  after close of trading About Waga Energy Waga Energy (EPA: WAGA) produces competitively priced Renewable Natural Gas (also known as “biomethane”) by upgrading landfill gas using a patented purification technology called WAGABOX®. The RNG produced is injected directly into the gas grids to supply individuals and businesses  providing a substitute for natural gas. Waga Energy finances  builds and operates its WAGABOX® units under long-term contracts with landfill operators for the supply of raw gas  and generates income by selling the RNG it generated or by offering upgrading service. At the date of this press release  Waga Energy operates fifteen WAGABOX® units in France  representing an installed capacity of 440 GWh/year. Fourteen units are under construction in France  Spain  Canada and the US. Each project initiated by Waga Energy contributes to the fight against global warming and helps the energy transition. Waga Energy has been listed since October 27  2021  on Euronext Paris. waga-energy.com / Follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter ; Subscribe to the newsletter Forward-Looking Statements Certain information contained in this press release is forward looking statements and not historical data. These forward looking statements are based on opinions  projections and current assumptions including  but not limited to  assumptions concerning the group’s current and future strategy and the environment in which the group is developing. They imply known or unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which could result in actual results  performances or achievements  or the results of the sector or other events  differing significantly from those described or suggested by these forward looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those that are indicated and detailed in Chapter 3 “Risk factors” in the Waga Energy's registration document  which was approved by the AMF on 14 june 2022 under number R.22-025. These forward looking statements are given only on the date of this press release and the group expressly declines any obligation or commitment to publish updates or corrections of the forward looking statements included in this press release in order to reflect any change affecting the forecasts or events  conditions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based. The forward looking statements and information do not constitute guarantees of future performances  and are subject to various risks and uncertainties  a large number of which are difficult to predict and generally outside the control of the group. Actual results may differ significantly from those described  suggested or projected by the forward looking information and statements. CONTACT :Laurent Barbotin+33 772 771 185investors@waga-energy.com [1] Estimate based on comparative non-renewable and renewable natural gas emission factors in France according to French energy agency ADEME’s 2022 carbon database and factoring in direct and indirect emissions. [2] Excluding downtime attributable to the landfill site or gas grid operator [3] Annual contractual and recurring revenue corresponds to the revenue the Company expects to generate over a period of 10 to 20 years from long-term RNG sales contracts and purification service contracts. It is not a forecast and is intended to represent the current potential of the installed base of WAGABOX® units: the calculation is based on the assumption of an EUR/USD exchange rate of 1.1  an EUR/CAD exchange rate of 1.4  and a RIN price of $3. Regulatory filing PDF fileFile: Download the press release,positive,0.5,0.49,0.0,positive,0.77,0.21,0.02,True,English,"['Strong business growth', 'Waga Energy', 'positive outlook', '2023', 'Waga Energy CEO Mathieu Lefebvre', 'two cryogenic distillation modules', 'French Regulatory News', 'Seven new contracts', 'First upward revisions', 'current climate emergency', 'one large-capacity unit', 'Renewable Natural Gas', 'four new units', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'Non-recurring operating income', 'first international units', 'Strong business growth', 'total installed capacity', 'recurring operating performance', 'Consolidated financial statement', 'larger-capacity WAGABOX® projects', 'Consolidated net income', 'direct cash impact', 'share-based payment expenses', 'strong performance', 'WAGABOX ® units', 'Strong growth', '14 WAGABOX® units', 'landfill gas', 'gas grids', 'recurring items', 'methane emissions', 'international markets', 'share-based payments', '2022 energy crisis', 'energy transition', 'Operating expenses', 'WAGABOX ® projects', 'financial debt', 'financial capacities', 'positive outlook', 'volatile geopolitical', 'economic environment', 'operational excellence', 'sharp acceleration', 'global demand', 'key challenge', 'key player', 'exclusive negotiations', 'North America', 'selling price', 'Eight commissionings', 'lasting increase', 'commercial value', 'organizational work', 'recent months', 'world leader', 'rapid contribution', 'Euronext Paris', 'October 2021 IPO', 'geographic expansion', 'purification services', 'landfill operators', 'average uptime', 'major asset', 'Air Liquide', 'Consolidated revenue', 'cash equivalents', 'net depreciation', 'completion revenue', '2022 full-year results', 'proprietary technology', 'IFRS 2 expenses', 'successful commissioning', 'fiscal year', 'EQS Group', 'Group share', 'RNG) production', '123 projects', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'adaptation', 'development', '216 GWh', '35,700 tons', 'number', 'end', '1 TWh/year', 'know-how', 'landfills', 'Over', '1.5 TWh', 'construction', '800 GWh', 'substantial', 'wake', 'opportunity', 'rollout', 'solution', 'support', 'teams', 'determination', 'robust', 'EPA', 'specialist', 'company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'April', 'implementation', 'roadmap', 'resources', 'change', 'prov.', 'amortization', 'provisions', 'loss', 'Cost', 'Capex', 'Dec.', 'EBITDA', 'Earnings', 'Interest', 'Taxes', 'indicator', 'property', 'plant', 'equipment', 'assets', 'definition', 'sales', 'The', 'December', 'previous', 'percentage', '2023']",2022-04-27,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23807,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2655426/0/en/SOITEC-REPORTS-FY-23-FOURTH-QUARTER-REVENUE.html,SOITEC REPORTS FY’23 FOURTH QUARTER REVENUE,SOITEC REPORTS FY’23 FOURTH QUARTER REVENUE        Q4’23 revenue reached the record level of €344m  up 22% on a reported basis and up 16% at constant......,English FrenchSOITEC REPORTS FY’23 FOURTH QUARTER REVENUEQ4’23 revenue reached the record level of €344m  up 22% on a reported basis and up 16% at constant exchange rates and perimeter versus Q4’22 FY’23 annual revenue reached the strong level of €1 089m  up 26% on a reported basis compared with FY’22  or up 19% at constant exchange rates and perimeter  in line with guidanceFY’23 EBITDA 1 margin 2 expected around 36% in line with the guidanceFY’24 annual revenue expected to be stable at constant exchange rates and perimeter compared with FY’23 and FY’24 EBITDA 1 margin 2 expected to remain at around 36%Soitec is managing its business to reach a revenue target of around $2.1 billion in FY’26 with an EBITDA1 margin2 target of around 40% (at a 1.10 Euro/ US Dollar exchange rate)Bernin (Grenoble)  France  April 26th  2023 – Soitec (Euronext Paris)  a world leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials  today announced consolidated revenue of 344 million Euros for the fourth quarter of FY’23 (ended March 31st  2023)  up 22% on a reported basis compared with 282 million Euros achieved in the fourth quarter of FY’22. This results from the combination of a 16% growth at constant exchange rates and perimeter3 and a positive currency impact of 6% compared with the fourth quarter of FY’22.FY’23 annual revenue reached 1 089 million Euros  up 26% on a reported basis against 863 million Euros achieved in FY’22. At constant exchange rates and perimeter4  FY’23 revenue grew by 19% compared with FY’22  in line with the guidance of “around 20%” announced one year ago.Soitec also announced today that Chief Operating Officer Bernard Aspar will leave the company in August to take up new challenges  after 17 years at Soitec. Bernard Aspar joined Soitec upon its 2006 acquisition of Tracit Technologies  the company he founded as a spin-off from CEA-Leti  and subsequently helped to lead the development and deployment of Smart CutTM technology.Pierre Barnabé  Soitec’s CEO  commented:“We delivered another record quarter and finished the year with an annual organic growth of 19%  in line with our guidance. In the context of a global smartphone market slowdown  we continued to benefit from the penetration of high-end 5G handsets and the growth of Soitec content within smartphones. The automotive market  where we leverage increasing demand for digitalization and electrification  remained robust. Sustained growth across our product portfolio developed for Smart devices completed this strong performance.”“Going forward  we will face inventory clearing in the smartphone market supply chain and we expect it to last two quarters  resulting in lower performance in the mobile communications business. For the year as a whole  we expect to offset this by taking advantage of continuous strong demand for both Automotive & Industrial and Smart devices. Overall  after a stable revenue anticipated in the fiscal year 2024 on an organic basis  we expect strong growth momentum to resume as we manage our business to reach a target revenue of around $2.1 billion in fiscal year 2026.”“I would also like to take this opportunity  on behalf of Soitec  to thank Bernard for the valuable support he has provided during the leadership transition of the past 15 months  and for his extensive contribution to the company’s success over the years.”Fourth quarter FY’23 consolidated revenue (unaudited)Q4’22 Q4’23 Q4’23/Q4’22 (Euros millions) change reported chg. at const. exch. rates & perimeter Mobile communications 200 220 +10% +5% Automotive & Industrial 22 47 +109% +99% Smart devices 60 77 +29% +25% Total revenue 282 344 +22% +16%Soitec achieved its highest quarter ever in the fourth quarter of FY’23  with total revenue reaching 344 million Euros. This represents a 16% growth at constant exchange rates and perimeter3 compared to the fourth quarter of FY’22  reflecting a continuously strong momentum in Automotive & Industrial  a sustained growth in Smart devices and a slower one in Mobile communications.Mobile communicationsMobile communications revenue continues to be supported by ongoing growth of Soitec content within smartphones  further adoption of 5G smartphones and Wi-Fi 6  as well as by the deployment of 5G infrastructure.In the fourth quarter of FY’23  Mobile communications revenue reached 220 million Euros  a 5% growth at constant exchange rates compared to the fourth quarter of FY’22  mainly reflecting an increase in volumes.In the context of weaker smartphone sales across the world  RF-SOI wafer sales continue to be supported by a solid penetration of high-end smartphones  with a higher content of Soitec substrates within 5G high-end smartphones as compared to 4G  as well as by the strength of Soitec’s customer contracts.Sales of FD-SOI wafers dedicated to front end modules continued to benefit from a positive momentum.As anticipated  the adoption phase of POI (Piezoelectric-on-Insulator) wafers dedicated to RF filters for 5G smartphones is still ongoing  and Soitec continues to work with several customers on qualifying different design architectures.In this regard  Soitec today announced a partnership with the foundry SAWNICS to provide a process design kit (PDK) based on Soitec's POI substrates to accelerate the design of high-performance RF filters for 5G smartphones.Automotive & IndustrialDemand from the automotive industry continues a steady increase  driven by the rise in semiconductor content embedded in the latest generations of vehicles. Soitec continues to address rising demand for multimedia and infotainment  functional safety  autonomous and assisted driving  as well as increasing electrification.Automotive & Industrial revenue reached 47 million Euros in the fourth quarter of FY’23  a 99% growth at constant exchange rates compared to the fourth quarter of FY’22. Growth essentially reflects a sharp increase in volumes and  to a lesser extent  a positive price effect.Sales of Power-SOI wafers continued to sustain a solid level of growth.Sales of FD-SOI wafers dedicated to automotive applications had another strong quarter representing a significant increase compared to the fourth quarter of FY’22.Automotive & Industrial revenue also benefited from first sales generated by Soitec’s SmartSiC offering.Smart devicesThe demand from the Smart devices market is driven by the need for more complex sensors  higher connectivity functionalities and embedded intelligence  leading to more powerful and efficient chips for Edge Artificial Intelligence  Data Centers and Cloud Computing.Smart devices revenue reached 77 million Euros in the fourth quarter of FY’23  a 25% increase at constant exchange rates compared to the fourth quarter of FY’22. This performance mostly reflects higher volumes and  to a lesser extent  a positive mix effect.Sales of FD-SOI wafers benefitted from another strong quarter  compared to the fourth quarter of FY’22  confirming structural demand for Edge Computing devices across consumer and industrial sectors.Sales of Imager-SOI wafers for 3D imaging applications remained at a solid level.Sales of Photonics-SOI wafers to provide high speed connectivity solutions for Artificial Intelligence in the Cloud showed strong growth over the fourth quarter of FY22. These products are also suitable for Co-Packaged Optics architectures.FY’23 annual consolidated revenue (unaudited)FY’22 FY’23 FY’23/FY’22 (Euros millions) change reported chg. at const. exch. rates & perimeter Mobile communications 624 731 +17% +10% Automotive & Industrial 74 141 +89% +77% Smart devices 165 217 +32% +26% Total revenue 863 1 089 +26% +19%Overall  FY’23 consolidated annual revenue reached an all-time record of 1 089 million Euros  up 26% on a reported basis compared to 863 million Euros in FY’22. This reflects a 19% growth at constant exchange rates and perimeter4 compared with FY’22  combined with a positive currency impact of 7%.On a full-year basis  Mobile communications revenue was up 10% at constant exchange rates and perimeter4 compared with FY’22  representing 67% of total revenue in FY’23 against 72% in FY’22. Automotive & Industrial revenue was up 77% at constant exchange rates and perimeter4 compared with FY’22  increasing from 9% to 13% of total revenue. Smart devices revenue was up 26% at constant exchange rates and perimeter4 compared with FY’22  raising from 19% to 20% of total revenue.OutlookFY’23Soitec continues to expect FY’23 EBITDA1 margin2 to reach around 36%.FY’24Regarding FY’24  as indicated early April  Soitec anticipates total revenue to be stable at constant exchange rates and perimeter as compared to FY’23 and EBITDA1 margin2 to remain around 36%.A weaker smartphone market with a strong inventory correction is expected to weigh on Mobile communications revenue  especially during the first half of FY’24  while further strong demand is anticipated for both Automotive & Industrial and Smart Devices. H1’24 total revenue is therefore expected to decline at constant exchange rates and perimeter by around -15% year-on-year while a strong acceleration is expected in H2’24.FY’26 financial modelSoitec is anticipating significant growth in each of its three end markets and new products and is managing its business to reach in FY’26:a targeted revenue of around $2.1 billion  as compared to a revenue of $2.3 billion communicated in June 2022 an EBITDA1 margin2 target of around 40% (at a 1.10 Euro/ US Dollar exchange rate).These targets are sustained by Soitec’s strong portfolio with both further growth in existing products (FD-SOI  RF-SOI  Power-SOI and Photonics-SOI) and new products (especially SiC  POI and GaN) coming in the three end markets: Mobile communications  Automotive & Industrial and Smart devices. Soitec will provide more information during its Capital Market Day on June 8th  2023.Additional informationESGClimate : Soitec is part of the CAC SBT 1.5 index  launched in January 2023 by Euronext.Water : Soitec joined the Water Observatory created in March 2023 by the Communauté des Communes du Grésivaudan  to plan and implement further coordinated actions to be taken by water users and providers  to mitigate environmental impacts.Ineligibility for the PEA-PME mechanismSoitec informs its shareholders of its ineligibility for the PEA-PME mechanism  in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 221-32-2 and D. 221-113-5 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  which specify the conditions for assessing eligibility criteria5. As a result  Soitec’s shares can no longer be included in PEA-PME accounts.# # #Analysts conference call to be held in English on Thursday 27th April at 8:00 am CET.To listen this conference call  the audiocast is available live and in replay at the following address: https://channel.royalcast.com/soitec/#!/soitec/20230427_1# # #AgendaFY’23 annual results are due to be published on June 7th  2023  after market close.Soitec will be hosting a Capital Markets Day in Paris on June 8th  2023.# # #DisclaimerThis document is provided by Soitec (the “Company”) for information purposes only.The Company’s business operations and financial position are described in the Company’s 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document (which notably includes the 2021-2022 Annual Financial Report) which was filed on June 20  2022 with the French stock market authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers  or AMF) under number D.22-0523  as well as in the Company’s 2022-2023 half-year report released on November 23  2022. The French versions of the 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document and of the 2022-2023 half-year report  together with English courtesy translations for information purposes of both documents  are available for consultation on the Company’s website (www.soitec.com)  in the section Company - Investors - Financial Reports.Your attention is drawn to the risk factors described in Chapter 2.1 of the Company’s 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document.This document contains summary information and should be read in conjunction with the 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document and the 2022-2023 half-year report.This document contains certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements relate to the Company’s future prospects  developments and strategy and are based on analyses of earnings forecasts and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. By their nature  forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties as they relate to future events and are dependent on circumstances that may or may not materialize in the future. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of the Company’s future performance. The occurrence of any of the risks described in Chapter 2.1 of the Universal Registration Document may have an impact on these forward-looking statements. In addition  the future consequences of geopolitical conflicts  in particular the Ukraine / Russia situation  as well as rising inflation  may result in greater impacts than currently anticipated in these forward-looking statements.The Company’s actual financial position  results and cash flows  as well as the trends in the sector in which the Company operates may differ materially from those contained in this document. Furthermore  even if the Company’s financial position  results  cash-flows and the developments in the sector in which the Company operates were to conform to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  such elements cannot be construed as a reliable indication of the Company’s future results or developments.The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or make any correction to any forward-looking statement in order to reflect an event or circumstance that may occur after the date of this document. In addition  the occurrence of any of the risks described in Chapter 2.1 of the Universal Registration Document may have an impact on these forward-looking statements.This document does not constitute or form part of an offer or a solicitation to purchase  subscribe for  or sell the Company’s securities in any country whatsoever. This document  or any part thereof  shall not form the basis of  or be relied upon in connection with  any contract  commitment or investment decision.Notably  this document does not constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase  subscribe for or to sell securities in the United States. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from the registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”). The Company’s shares have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. Neither the Company nor any other person intends to conduct a public offering of the Company’s securities in the United States.# # #About SoitecSoitec (Euronext  Tech 40 Paris) is a world leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials. The company uses its unique technologies to serve the electronics markets. With more than 3 700 patents worldwide  Soitec’s strategy is based on disruptive innovation to meet its customers’ needs for high performance  energy efficiency and cost competitiveness. Soitec has manufacturing facilities  R&D centers and offices in Europe  the United States and Asia. Fully committed to sustainable development  Soitec adopted in 2021 its corporate purpose to reflect its engagements: “We are the innovative soil from which smart and energy efficient electronics grow into amazing and sustainable life experiences.”Soitec  SmartSiC™ and SmartCut™ are registered trademarks of Soitec.# # #For more information  please visit www.soitec.com and follow us on Twitter: @Soitec_ENInvestor Relations:investors@soitec.comMedia contacts:Isabelle Laurent+33 6 42 37 54 17 isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frFabrice Baron+33 6 14 08 29 81fabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.fr# # #Soitec is a French joint-stock corporation with a Board of Directors (Société Anonyme à Conseil d’administration) with a share capital of €71 178 834 having its registered office located at Parc Technologique des Fontaines - Chemin des Franques - 38190 Bernin (France)  and registered with the Grenoble Trade and Companies Register under number 384 711 909.# # #AppendixConsolidated revenue (Q3’23 and Q4’23 unaudited)Revenue Q1’22 Q2’22 Q3’22 Q4’22 Q1’23 Q2’23 Q3’23 Q4’23 FY’22 FY’23 (Euros million) Mobile communications 135 142 146 200 152 189 170 220 624 731 Automotive & Industrial 16 17 19 22 23 34 37 47 74 141 Smart devices 29 33 43 60 28 45 67 77 165 217 Total revenue 180 193 208 282 203 268 274 344 863 1 089Change in revenue Q1’23/Q1’22 Q2’23/Q2’22 Q3’23/Q3’22 Q4’23/Q4’22 FY’23/FY’22 (vs. previous year) change reported chg. at const. exch. rates and perimeter1 change reported chg. at const. exch. rates and perimeter1 change reported chg. at const. exch. rates and perimeter1 change reported chg. at const. exch. rates and perimeter1 change reported chg. at const. exch. rates and perimeter1 Mobile communications +13% +6% +33% +22% +17% +11% +10% +5% +17% +10% Automotive & Industrial +46% +37% +96% +80% +96% +85% +109% +99% +89% +77% Smart devices -6% -11% +37% +28% +57% +50% +29% +25% +32% +26% Total revenue +12% +6% +39% +28% +32% +26% +22% +16% +26% +19%1 At constant exchange rates and comparable scope of consolidation:There was no scope effect in Q1’22  Q2’22  Q3’22  nor in Q4’23.In Q4’22  Q1’23  Q2’23 and Q3’23 the scope effect relating to the acquisition of NOVASiC  finalized on December 29  2021  had no material impact on Soitec's revenue.# # #1 The EBITDA represents operating income (EBIT) before depreciation  amortization  impairment of non-current assets  non-cash items relating to share-based payments  provisions for impairment of current assets and for contingencies and expenses  and disposals gains and losses. This alternative indicator of performance is a non-IFRS quantitative measure used to measure the company’s ability to generate cash from its operating activities. EBITDA is not defined by an IFRS standard and must not be considered an alternative to any other financial indicator2 EBITDA margin = EBITDA from continuing operations / Revenue3 There was no scope effect in Q4’234 The scope effect related to the acquisition of NOVASiC  the closing of which took place on December 29  2021  had no material impact on Soitec’s revenue.5 Companies whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market are eligible for the PEA-PME mechanism  if (i) on the one hand  their market capitalization is less than 1 billion euros or has been at the end of at least one of the four fiscal years preceding the period taken into account to assess the eligibility of the securities  and (ii) on the other hand  that have less than 5 000 employees  their annual revenue is less than 1.5 billion euros or the balance sheet total is less than 2 billion euros. These thresholds are assessed on the basis of the consolidated accounts of the issuing company whose securities are concerned and  when applicable  those of its subsidiaries.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,positive,0.86,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['23 FOURTH QUARTER REVENUE', 'SOITEC REPORTS', '1.10 Euro/ US Dollar exchange rate', 'Chief Operating Officer Bernard Aspar', 'global smartphone market slowdown', 'smartphone market supply chain', 'Q4’22 FY’23 annual revenue', 'constant exchange rates', 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'weaker smartphone sales', 'front end modules', 'positive currency impact', 'EBITDA1 margin2 target', 'RF-SOI wafer sales', 'Smart CutTM technology', 'high-end 5G handsets', 'continuous strong demand', 'FY’23 EBITDA 1 margin', 'FY’24 EBITDA 1 margin', 'annual organic growth', 'FY’24 annual revenue', 'Mobile communications revenue', '5G high-end smartphones', 'mobile communications business', '23 FOURTH QUARTER REVENUE', 'strong growth momentum', 'Q4’23 revenue', 'exch. rates', 'positive momentum', 'strong momentum', 'revenue target', 'target revenue', 'automotive market', 'increasing demand', 'strong level', 'strong performance', '5G infrastructure', 'stable revenue', 'Total revenue', '5G smartphones', 'Smart devices', 'FY’23 revenue', 'record quarter', 'highest quarter', 'English French', 'record level', 'Euronext Paris', '344 million Euros', '282 million Euros', '863 million Euros', 'new challenges', 'Tracit Technologies', 'Pierre Barnabé', 'product portfolio', 'inventory clearing', 'two quarters', 'lower performance', 'valuable support', 'leadership transition', 'past 15 months', 'extensive contribution', 'Euros millions', 'slower one', 'higher content', 'customer contracts', 'RF filters', 'several custo', 'Sustained growth', 'ongoing growth', 'organic basis', 'world leader', 'fiscal year', 'solid penetration', 'FD-SOI wafers', 'adoption phase', 'SOITEC REPORTS', 'Soitec content', 'Soitec substrates', '16% growth', '5% growth', 'perimeter', 'line', 'guidance', 'Bernin', 'Grenoble', 'France', 'April', 'designing', 'combination', 'company', 'August', '17 years', '2006 acquisition', 'spin-off', 'CEA-Leti', 'development', 'deployment', 'CEO', 'context', 'digitalization', 'electrification', 'advantage', 'Industrial', 'opportunity', 'behalf', 'success', 'chg', 'Wi-Fi', 'increase', 'volumes', '4G', 'strength', 'POI', 'Insulator', '1,089', '220']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23808,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOITEC-4695/news/SOITEC-REPORTS-FY-23-FOURTH-QUARTER-REVENUE-43648475/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,SOITEC REPORTS FY'23 FOURTH QUARTER REVENUE,(marketscreener.com) SOITEC REPORTS FY’23 FOURTH QUARTER REVENUE Q4’23 revenue reached the record level of €344m  up 22% on a reported basis and up 16% at constant exchange rates and perimeter versus Q4’22 FY’23 annual revenue reached the strong level of €1 0…,SOITEC REPORTS FY’23 FOURTH QUARTER REVENUEQ4’23 revenue reached the record level of €344m  up 22% on a reported basis and up 16% at constant exchange rates and perimeter versus Q4’22 FY’23 annual revenue reached the strong level of €1 089m  up 26% on a reported basis compared with FY’22  or up 19% at constant exchange rates and perimeter  in line with guidanceFY’23 EBITDA 1 margin 2 expected around 36% in line with the guidanceFY’24 annual revenue expected to be stable at constant exchange rates and perimeter compared with FY’23 and FY’24 EBITDA 1 margin 2 expected to remain at around 36%Soitec is managing its business to reach a revenue target of around $2.1 billion in FY’26 with an EBITDA1 margin2 target of around 40% (at a 1.10 Euro/ US Dollar exchange rate)Bernin (Grenoble)  France  April 26th  2023 – Soitec (Euronext Paris)  a world leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials  today announced consolidated revenue of 344 million Euros for the fourth quarter of FY’23 (ended March 31st  2023)  up 22% on a reported basis compared with 282 million Euros achieved in the fourth quarter of FY’22. This results from the combination of a 16% growth at constant exchange rates and perimeter3 and a positive currency impact of 6% compared with the fourth quarter of FY’22.FY’23 annual revenue reached 1 089 million Euros  up 26% on a reported basis against 863 million Euros achieved in FY’22. At constant exchange rates and perimeter4  FY’23 revenue grew by 19% compared with FY’22  in line with the guidance of “around 20%” announced one year ago.Soitec also announced today that Chief Operating Officer Bernard Aspar will leave the company in August to take up new challenges  after 17 years at Soitec. Bernard Aspar joined Soitec upon its 2006 acquisition of Tracit Technologies  the company he founded as a spin-off from CEA-Leti  and subsequently helped to lead the development and deployment of Smart CutTM technology.Pierre Barnabé  Soitec’s CEO  commented:“We delivered another record quarter and finished the year with an annual organic growth of 19%  in line with our guidance. In the context of a global smartphone market slowdown  we continued to benefit from the penetration of high-end 5G handsets and the growth of Soitec content within smartphones. The automotive market  where we leverage increasing demand for digitalization and electrification  remained robust. Sustained growth across our product portfolio developed for Smart devices completed this strong performance.”“Going forward  we will face inventory clearing in the smartphone market supply chain and we expect it to last two quarters  resulting in lower performance in the mobile communications business. For the year as a whole  we expect to offset this by taking advantage of continuous strong demand for both Automotive & Industrial and Smart devices. Overall  after a stable revenue anticipated in the fiscal year 2024 on an organic basis  we expect strong growth momentum to resume as we manage our business to reach a target revenue of around $2.1 billion in fiscal year 2026.”“I would also like to take this opportunity  on behalf of Soitec  to thank Bernard for the valuable support he has provided during the leadership transition of the past 15 months  and for his extensive contribution to the company’s success over the years.”Fourth quarter FY’23 consolidated revenue (unaudited)Q4’22 Q4’23 Q4’23/Q4’22 (Euros millions) change reported chg. at const. exch. rates & perimeter Mobile communications 200 220 +10% +5% Automotive & Industrial 22 47 +109% +99% Smart devices 60 77 +29% +25% Total revenue 282 344 +22% +16%Soitec achieved its highest quarter ever in the fourth quarter of FY’23  with total revenue reaching 344 million Euros. This represents a 16% growth at constant exchange rates and perimeter3 compared to the fourth quarter of FY’22  reflecting a continuously strong momentum in Automotive & Industrial  a sustained growth in Smart devices and a slower one in Mobile communications.Mobile communicationsMobile communications revenue continues to be supported by ongoing growth of Soitec content within smartphones  further adoption of 5G smartphones and Wi-Fi 6  as well as by the deployment of 5G infrastructure.In the fourth quarter of FY’23  Mobile communications revenue reached 220 million Euros  a 5% growth at constant exchange rates compared to the fourth quarter of FY’22  mainly reflecting an increase in volumes.In the context of weaker smartphone sales across the world  RF-SOI wafer sales continue to be supported by a solid penetration of high-end smartphones  with a higher content of Soitec substrates within 5G high-end smartphones as compared to 4G  as well as by the strength of Soitec’s customer contracts.Sales of FD-SOI wafers dedicated to front end modules continued to benefit from a positive momentum.As anticipated  the adoption phase of POI (Piezoelectric-on-Insulator) wafers dedicated to RF filters for 5G smartphones is still ongoing  and Soitec continues to work with several customers on qualifying different design architectures.In this regard  Soitec today announced a partnership with the foundry SAWNICS to provide a process design kit (PDK) based on Soitec's POI substrates to accelerate the design of high-performance RF filters for 5G smartphones.Automotive & IndustrialDemand from the automotive industry continues a steady increase  driven by the rise in semiconductor content embedded in the latest generations of vehicles. Soitec continues to address rising demand for multimedia and infotainment  functional safety  autonomous and assisted driving  as well as increasing electrification.Automotive & Industrial revenue reached 47 million Euros in the fourth quarter of FY’23  a 99% growth at constant exchange rates compared to the fourth quarter of FY’22. Growth essentially reflects a sharp increase in volumes and  to a lesser extent  a positive price effect.Sales of Power-SOI wafers continued to sustain a solid level of growth.Sales of FD-SOI wafers dedicated to automotive applications had another strong quarter representing a significant increase compared to the fourth quarter of FY’22.Automotive & Industrial revenue also benefited from first sales generated by Soitec’s SmartSiC offering.Smart devicesThe demand from the Smart devices market is driven by the need for more complex sensors  higher connectivity functionalities and embedded intelligence  leading to more powerful and efficient chips for Edge Artificial Intelligence  Data Centers and Cloud Computing.Smart devices revenue reached 77 million Euros in the fourth quarter of FY’23  a 25% increase at constant exchange rates compared to the fourth quarter of FY’22. This performance mostly reflects higher volumes and  to a lesser extent  a positive mix effect.Sales of FD-SOI wafers benefitted from another strong quarter  compared to the fourth quarter of FY’22  confirming structural demand for Edge Computing devices across consumer and industrial sectors.Sales of Imager-SOI wafers for 3D imaging applications remained at a solid level.Sales of Photonics-SOI wafers to provide high speed connectivity solutions for Artificial Intelligence in the Cloud showed strong growth over the fourth quarter of FY22. These products are also suitable for Co-Packaged Optics architectures.FY’23 annual consolidated revenue (unaudited)FY’22 FY’23 FY’23/FY’22 (Euros millions) change reported chg. at const. exch. rates & perimeter Mobile communications 624 731 +17% +10% Automotive & Industrial 74 141 +89% +77% Smart devices 165 217 +32% +26% Total revenue 863 1 089 +26% +19%Overall  FY’23 consolidated annual revenue reached an all-time record of 1 089 million Euros  up 26% on a reported basis compared to 863 million Euros in FY’22. This reflects a 19% growth at constant exchange rates and perimeter4 compared with FY’22  combined with a positive currency impact of 7%.On a full-year basis  Mobile communications revenue was up 10% at constant exchange rates and perimeter4 compared with FY’22  representing 67% of total revenue in FY’23 against 72% in FY’22. Automotive & Industrial revenue was up 77% at constant exchange rates and perimeter4 compared with FY’22  increasing from 9% to 13% of total revenue. Smart devices revenue was up 26% at constant exchange rates and perimeter4 compared with FY’22  raising from 19% to 20% of total revenue.OutlookFY’23Soitec continues to expect FY’23 EBITDA1 margin2 to reach around 36%.FY’24Regarding FY’24  as indicated early April  Soitec anticipates total revenue to be stable at constant exchange rates and perimeter as compared to FY’23 and EBITDA1 margin2 to remain around 36%.A weaker smartphone market with a strong inventory correction is expected to weigh on Mobile communications revenue  especially during the first half of FY’24  while further strong demand is anticipated for both Automotive & Industrial and Smart Devices. H1’24 total revenue is therefore expected to decline at constant exchange rates and perimeter by around -15% year-on-year while a strong acceleration is expected in H2’24.FY’26 financial modelSoitec is anticipating significant growth in each of its three end markets and new products and is managing its business to reach in FY’26:a targeted revenue of around $2.1 billion  as compared to a revenue of $2.3 billion communicated in June 2022 an EBITDA1 margin2 target of around 40% (at a 1.10 Euro/ US Dollar exchange rate).These targets are sustained by Soitec’s strong portfolio with both further growth in existing products (FD-SOI  RF-SOI  Power-SOI and Photonics-SOI) and new products (especially SiC  POI and GaN) coming in the three end markets: Mobile communications  Automotive & Industrial and Smart devices. Soitec will provide more information during its Capital Market Day on June 8th  2023.Additional informationESGClimate : Soitec is part of the CAC SBT 1.5 index  launched in January 2023 by Euronext.Water : Soitec joined the Water Observatory created in March 2023 by the Communauté des Communes du Grésivaudan  to plan and implement further coordinated actions to be taken by water users and providers  to mitigate environmental impacts.Ineligibility for the PEA-PME mechanismSoitec informs its shareholders of its ineligibility for the PEA-PME mechanism  in accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 221-32-2 and D. 221-113-5 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  which specify the conditions for assessing eligibility criteria5. As a result  Soitec’s shares can no longer be included in PEA-PME accounts.# # #Analysts conference call to be held in English on Thursday 27th April at 8:00 am CET.To listen this conference call  the audiocast is available live and in replay at the following address: https://channel.royalcast.com/soitec/#!/soitec/20230427_1# # #AgendaFY’23 annual results are due to be published on June 7th  2023  after market close.Soitec will be hosting a Capital Markets Day in Paris on June 8th  2023.# # #DisclaimerThis document is provided by Soitec (the “Company”) for information purposes only.The Company’s business operations and financial position are described in the Company’s 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document (which notably includes the 2021-2022 Annual Financial Report) which was filed on June 20  2022 with the French stock market authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers  or AMF) under number D.22-0523  as well as in the Company’s 2022-2023 half-year report released on November 23  2022. The French versions of the 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document and of the 2022-2023 half-year report  together with English courtesy translations for information purposes of both documents  are available for consultation on the Company’s website (www.soitec.com)  in the section Company - Investors - Financial Reports.Your attention is drawn to the risk factors described in Chapter 2.1 of the Company’s 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document.This document contains summary information and should be read in conjunction with the 2021-2022 Universal Registration Document and the 2022-2023 half-year report.This document contains certain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements relate to the Company’s future prospects  developments and strategy and are based on analyses of earnings forecasts and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. By their nature  forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties as they relate to future events and are dependent on circumstances that may or may not materialize in the future. Forward-looking statements are not a guarantee of the Company’s future performance. The occurrence of any of the risks described in Chapter 2.1 of the Universal Registration Document may have an impact on these forward-looking statements. In addition  the future consequences of geopolitical conflicts  in particular the Ukraine / Russia situation  as well as rising inflation  may result in greater impacts than currently anticipated in these forward-looking statements.The Company’s actual financial position  results and cash flows  as well as the trends in the sector in which the Company operates may differ materially from those contained in this document. Furthermore  even if the Company’s financial position  results  cash-flows and the developments in the sector in which the Company operates were to conform to the forward-looking statements contained in this document  such elements cannot be construed as a reliable indication of the Company’s future results or developments.The Company does not undertake any obligation to update or make any correction to any forward-looking statement in order to reflect an event or circumstance that may occur after the date of this document. In addition  the occurrence of any of the risks described in Chapter 2.1 of the Universal Registration Document may have an impact on these forward-looking statements.This document does not constitute or form part of an offer or a solicitation to purchase  subscribe for  or sell the Company’s securities in any country whatsoever. This document  or any part thereof  shall not form the basis of  or be relied upon in connection with  any contract  commitment or investment decision.Notably  this document does not constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase  subscribe for or to sell securities in the United States. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from the registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”). The Company’s shares have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act. Neither the Company nor any other person intends to conduct a public offering of the Company’s securities in the United States.# # #About SoitecSoitec (Euronext  Tech 40 Paris) is a world leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials. The company uses its unique technologies to serve the electronics markets. With more than 3 700 patents worldwide  Soitec’s strategy is based on disruptive innovation to meet its customers’ needs for high performance  energy efficiency and cost competitiveness. Soitec has manufacturing facilities  R&D centers and offices in Europe  the United States and Asia. Fully committed to sustainable development  Soitec adopted in 2021 its corporate purpose to reflect its engagements: “We are the innovative soil from which smart and energy efficient electronics grow into amazing and sustainable life experiences.”Soitec  SmartSiC™ and SmartCut™ are registered trademarks of Soitec.# # #For more information  please visit www.soitec.com and follow us on Twitter: @Soitec_ENInvestor Relations:investors@soitec.comMedia contacts:Isabelle Laurent+33 6 42 37 54 17 isabelle.laurent@oprgfinancial.frFabrice Baron+33 6 14 08 29 81fabrice.baron@oprgfinancial.fr# # #Soitec is a French joint-stock corporation with a Board of Directors (Société Anonyme à Conseil d’administration) with a share capital of €71 178 834 having its registered office located at Parc Technologique des Fontaines - Chemin des Franques - 38190 Bernin (France)  and registered with the Grenoble Trade and Companies Register under number 384 711 909.# # #AppendixConsolidated revenue (Q3’23 and Q4’23 unaudited)Revenue Q1’22 Q2’22 Q3’22 Q4’22 Q1’23 Q2’23 Q3’23 Q4’23 FY’22 FY’23 (Euros million) Mobile communications 135 142 146 200 152 189 170 220 624 731 Automotive & Industrial 16 17 19 22 23 34 37 47 74 141 Smart devices 29 33 43 60 28 45 67 77 165 217 Total revenue 180 193 208 282 203 268 274 344 863 1 089Change in revenue Q1’23/Q1’22 Q2’23/Q2’22 Q3’23/Q3’22 Q4’23/Q4’22 FY’23/FY’22 (vs. previous year) change reported chg. at const. exch. rates and perimeter1 change reported chg. at const. exch. rates and perimeter1 change reported chg. at const. exch. rates and perimeter1 change reported chg. at const. exch. rates and perimeter1 change reported chg. at const. exch. rates and perimeter1 Mobile communications +13% +6% +33% +22% +17% +11% +10% +5% +17% +10% Automotive & Industrial +46% +37% +96% +80% +96% +85% +109% +99% +89% +77% Smart devices -6% -11% +37% +28% +57% +50% +29% +25% +32% +26% Total revenue +12% +6% +39% +28% +32% +26% +22% +16% +26% +19%1 At constant exchange rates and comparable scope of consolidation:There was no scope effect in Q1’22  Q2’22  Q3’22  nor in Q4’23.In Q4’22  Q1’23  Q2’23 and Q3’23 the scope effect relating to the acquisition of NOVASiC  finalized on December 29  2021  had no material impact on Soitec's revenue.# # #1 The EBITDA represents operating income (EBIT) before depreciation  amortization  impairment of non-current assets  non-cash items relating to share-based payments  provisions for impairment of current assets and for contingencies and expenses  and disposals gains and losses. This alternative indicator of performance is a non-IFRS quantitative measure used to measure the company’s ability to generate cash from its operating activities. EBITDA is not defined by an IFRS standard and must not be considered an alternative to any other financial indicator2 EBITDA margin = EBITDA from continuing operations / Revenue3 There was no scope effect in Q4’234 The scope effect related to the acquisition of NOVASiC  the closing of which took place on December 29  2021  had no material impact on Soitec’s revenue.5 Companies whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market are eligible for the PEA-PME mechanism  if (i) on the one hand  their market capitalization is less than 1 billion euros or has been at the end of at least one of the four fiscal years preceding the period taken into account to assess the eligibility of the securities  and (ii) on the other hand  that have less than 5 000 employees  their annual revenue is less than 1.5 billion euros or the balance sheet total is less than 2 billion euros. These thresholds are assessed on the basis of the consolidated accounts of the issuing company whose securities are concerned and  when applicable  those of its subsidiaries.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.71,0.13,0.16,True,English,"['23 FOURTH QUARTER REVENUE', 'SOITEC REPORTS', '1.10 Euro/ US Dollar exchange rate', 'Chief Operating Officer Bernard Aspar', 'global smartphone market slowdown', 'smartphone market supply chain', 'Q4’22 FY’23 annual revenue', 'constant exchange rates', 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'weaker smartphone sales', 'front end modules', 'positive currency impact', 'EBITDA1 margin2 target', 'RF-SOI wafer sales', 'Smart CutTM technology', 'high-end 5G handsets', 'FY’23 EBITDA 1 margin', 'FY’24 EBITDA 1 margin', 'continuous strong demand', 'annual organic growth', 'FY’24 annual revenue', 'Mobile communications revenue', '5G high-end smartphones', 'mobile communications business', '23 FOURTH QUARTER REVENUE', 'strong growth momentum', 'Q4’23 revenue', 'exch. rates', 'positive momentum', 'strong momentum', 'revenue target', 'target revenue', 'automotive market', 'increasing demand', 'strong level', 'strong performance', '5G infrastructure', 'stable revenue', 'Total revenue', 'FY’23 revenue', '5G smartphones', 'Smart devices', 'record quarter', 'highest quarter', 'record level', 'Euronext Paris', '344 million Euros', '282 million Euros', '863 million Euros', 'new challenges', 'Tracit Technologies', 'Pierre Barnabé', 'product portfolio', 'inventory clearing', 'two quarters', 'lower performance', 'valuable support', 'leadership transition', 'past 15 months', 'extensive contribution', 'Euros millions', 'higher content', 'customer contracts', 'RF filters', 'several customers', 'Sustained growth', 'ongoing growth', 'organic basis', 'world leader', 'fiscal year', 'solid penetration', 'FD-SOI wafers', 'adoption phase', 'SOITEC REPORTS', 'Soitec content', 'Soitec substrates', '16% growth', '5% growth', 'perimeter', 'line', 'guidance', 'Bernin', 'Grenoble', 'France', 'April', 'designing', 'combination', 'company', 'August', '17 years', '2006 acquisition', 'spin-off', 'CEA-Leti', 'development', 'deployment', 'CEO', 'context', 'digitalization', 'electrification', 'advantage', 'Industrial', 'opportunity', 'behalf', 'success', 'chg', 'slower', 'Wi-Fi', 'increase', 'volumes', '4G', 'strength', 'POI', 'Insulator', 'qualifyi', '1,089', '220']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23809,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2654655/0/en/Press-Release-Hart-Scott-Rodino-waiting-period-expires-for-Sanofi-s-acquisition-of-Provention-Bio-Inc.html,Press Release: Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period expires for Sanofi’s acquisition of Provention Bio  Inc.,Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period expires for Sanofi’s acquisition of Provention Bio  Inc.  Paris  France – April 26  2023 – Sanofi announced today that...,English FrenchHart-Scott-Rodino waiting period expires for Sanofi’s acquisition of Provention Bio  Inc.Paris  France – April 26  2023 – Sanofi announced today that the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976  as amended (the “HSR Act”)  applicable to Sanofi’s proposed acquisition of Provention Bio  Inc. (“Provention Bio”  NASDAQ: PRVB) has expired.On March 24  2023  Sanofi commenced a cash tender offer (the “Offer”) to purchase all outstanding shares of common stock of Provention Bio (the “Shares”)  for $25.00 per Share  to the seller thereof in cash  without interest and subject to any withholding taxes required by applicable law. As a result of the expiration of the waiting period under the HSR Act  the condition to the Offer relating to the expiration or termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act has been satisfied.The consummation of the Offer remains subject to various conditions  including the tender of a number of Shares which  together with the Shares owned by Sanofi and its wholly owned subsidiaries (including Zest Acquisition Sub  Inc.)  represent at least a majority of the Shares outstanding immediately prior to the expiration of the Offer and other customary conditions described in the Offer to Purchase filed by Sanofi with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on March 24  2023  as amended.The Offer is scheduled to expire at one minute after 11:59 P.M.  Eastern Time  on April 26  2023. The Offer may be extended further in accordance with the merger agreement  dated March 12  2023  by and among Sanofi  Zest Acquisition Sub  Inc. and Provention Bio  and the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC. All other terms and conditions of the Offer remain unchanged.Innisfree M&A Incorporated is acting as information agent for the tender offer. Requests for documents and questions regarding the tender offer may be directed to Innisfree M&A Incorporated by telephone  toll-free at (877) 800-5195 for shareholders  or collect at (212) 750-5833 for Banks and Brokers.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | + 1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | + 33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements may include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product  and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “will be”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful and risks related to Sanofi’s ability to complete the acquisition on the proposed terms or on the proposed timeline  including the receipt of required regulatory approvals  the possibility that competing offers will be made  other risks associated with executing business combination transactions  such as the risk that the businesses will not be integrated successfully  that such integration may be more difficult  time-consuming or costly than expected or that the expected benefits of the acquisition will not be realized  as well as other risks related to Sanofi’s business  including the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Additional Information for US Shareholders and Where to Find ItThis communication is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to purchase nor a solicitation of an offer to sell shares of Provention Bio  Inc. Sanofi and its acquisition subsidiary have filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) a tender offer statement on Schedule TO  and Provention Bio  Inc. has filed a Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9  all with respect to the Offer (as defined in those documents). HOLDERS OF SHARES OF PROVENTION BIO  INC. ARE URGED TO READ THE RELEVANT TENDER OFFER MATERIALS (INCLUDING THE OFFER TO PURCHASE  THE RELATED LETTER OF TRANSMITTAL AND THE OTHER TENDER OFFER DOCUMENTS) AND THE SOLICIATION/RECOMMENDATION STATEMENT BECAUSE THEY CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT PROVENTION BIO  INC. STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD CONSIDER BEFORE MAKING ANY DECISION REGARDING TENDERING SHARES. The Offer to Purchase  the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents  as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement  are available to holders of shares of Provention Bio  Inc. at no expense to them. The tender offer materials and the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement are available for free at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Additional copies may be obtained for free by contacting Sanofi’s Investor Relations Department at ir@sanofi.com or on Sanofi’s website at https://en.sanofi.com/investors or by contacting Kristen Kelleher  Investor Relations  at investorrelations@proventionbio.com  or on Provention Bio  Inc.’s website  www.proventionbio.com.In addition to the Offer to Purchase  the related Letter of Transmittal and certain other tender offer documents  as well as the Solicitation/Recommendation Statement  Sanofi files annual and special reports and other information with the SEC and Provention Bio.  Inc. files annual  quarterly and special reports and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy any reports or other information filed by Sanofi and Provention Bio.  Inc. at the SEC public reference room at 100 F. Street  N.E.  Washington D.C. 20549. Please call the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. Sanofi’s and Provention Bio.  Inc.’s filings with the SEC are also available to the public from commercial document-retrieval services and at the website maintained by the SEC at www.sec.govAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.95,0.05,mixed,0.19,0.23,0.58,True,English,"['Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period', 'Press Release', 'Provention Bio', 'Sanofi', 'acquisition', 'English French Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act', 'Innisfree M&A Incorporated', 'U.S. Securities', 'life-changing treatment options', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'Arnaud Delépine', 'business combination transactions', 'SNY Media Relations', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'future financial results', 'Zest Acquisition Sub', 'potential future revenues', 'other customary conditions', 'cash tender offer', 'Sanofi Forward-Looking Statements', 'future performance', 'HSR Act', 'Investor Relations', 'actual results', 'regulatory approvals', 'other terms', 'other potential', 'other things', 'forward-looking information', 'Provention Bio', 'common stock', 'withholding taxes', 'applicable law', 'various conditions', 'Exchange Commission', 'one minute', 'Eastern Time', 'merger agreement', 'applicable rules', 'information agent', 'one purpose', 'social responsibility', 'Corentine Driancourt', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'underlying assumptions', 'similar expressions', 'government regulation', 'commercial potential', 'proposed terms', 'competing offers', 'other risks', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Evan Berland', 'Eva Schaefer-Jansen', 'Tarik Elgoutni', 'various risks', 'outstanding shares', 'Nicolas Obrist', 'Felix Lauscher', 'Nathalie Pham', 'Paris', 'France', 'April', 'NASDAQ', 'PRVB', 'March', 'seller', 'interest', 'expiration', 'termination', 'consummation', 'number', 'subsidiaries', 'Inc.', 'majority', 'accordance', 'regulations', 'Requests', 'documents', 'questions', 'telephone', 'shareholders', 'Banks', 'Brokers', 'miracles', 'science', 'people', 'lives', 'team', '100 countries', 'practice', 'medicine', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'projections', 'estimates', 'marketing', 'product', 'plans', 'objectives', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'respect', 'events', 'operations', 'services', 'development', 'words', 'expects', 'anticipates', 'management', 'investors', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'delays', 'availability', 'timeline', 'receipt', 'possibility', '11:59']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23810,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GALAPAGOS-NV-6464/news/Galapagos-initiates-Phase-3-program-with-filgotinib-in-patients-with-active-axial-spondyloarthritis-43650435/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Galapagos initiates Phase 3 program with filgotinib in patients with active axial spondyloarthritis,(marketscreener.com) OLINGUITO Phase 3 program in adults with axial spondyloarthritis to include two parallel studies to investigate the efficacy and safety of filgotinib in patients with active radiographic AxSpA and non-radiographic AxSpA Results from Phase…,OLINGUITO Phase 3 program in adults with axial spondyloarthritis (AxSpA) to include two parallel studies to investigate the efficacy and safety of filgotinib in patients with active radiographic AxSpA (r-AxSpA) and non-radiographic AxSpA (nr-AxSpA)Results from Phase 2 TORTUGA study showed that filgotinib 200mg was efficacious and well-tolerated in patients with r-AxSpAFilgotinib  an oral  once-daily JAK1 preferential inhibitor  is currently approved in Europe and Japan for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) and ulcerative colitis (UC)Mechelen  Belgium; 26 April 2023  22:01 CET; Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) today announced that the first patient was randomized in OLINGUITO  the pivotal Phase 3 program of filgotinib in AxSpA. Topline results are expected in H2 2025.In the Phase 2 TORTUGA study  filgotinib 200mg achieved significantly greater improvements in Ankylosing Spondylitis Disease Activity Score (ASDAS)1 at Week 12  the primary endpoint  and had an encouraging safety profile in patients with active r-AxSpA who had not responded to conventional treatment.2“Axial spondyloarthritis is a chronic  painful  highly invalidating inflammatory condition that can profoundly impact patients’ quality of life ” said Prof. Xenofon Baraliakos  Professor of Internal Medicine and Rheumatology at Ruhr-University Bochum  Germany and Coordinating Investigator of the study. “There is a high unmet need for effective oral treatment options for this condition. I am pleased that the first trial sites have been initiated and look forward to continuing to work with Galapagos and with the other study sites to rapidly enroll patients in this pivotal trial.”“Patients with AxSpA face a significant disease burden and given the limited available therapies  there remains a high unmet medical need for effective oral treatment options ” said Daniele D’Ambrosio  MD  PhD  Therapeutic Area Head  Immunology  at Galapagos. “Filgotinib has demonstrated a consistent efficacy and safety profile across a range of patient populations  and inflammatory conditions and has the potential to address the needs of patients living with AxSpA. We look forward to advancing the OLINGUITO program and to working collaboratively with our clinical partners.”The OLINGUITO global Phase 3 program (NCT05785611) consists of two randomized  placebo-controlled  double-blind  multi-center  parallel-group studies. The objectives of the studies are to investigate the efficacy and safety of orally administered filgotinib for 16 weeks in 476 patients with active r-AxSpA (Study A) and nr-AxSpA (Study B) who have had an inadequate response to conventional or biological treatment. Each study will enroll approximately 238 patients who are randomized 1:1 to receive filgotinib 200mg or placebo once-daily. The primary endpoint for Study A and Study B is the proportion of patients who achieve an ASAS403 response at Week 16 in compliance with the European Medicines Agency’s (EMA) guidelines. The double-blind studies will be followed by an open-label treatment period in which all patients will receive filgotinib 200mg once-daily up to Week 52. Patients from Study A and Study B who achieve sustained low disease activity in the open-label treatment period will be re-randomized 1:1 at Week 52 to receive double-blind filgotinib 100mg or 200mg up to Week 104.About axial spondyloarthritisAxial spondyloarthritis (AxSpA)  also known as ankylosing spondylitis is a chronic inflammatory disease that involves primarily the sacroiliac joints (SIJs) and the spine  and is characterized by pain  stiffness and fatigue often leading to functional impairment. There are two distinct clinical presentations of AxSpA  radiographic and non-radiographic. In patients with radiographic AxSpA (r-AxSpA)  the disease is confirmed by the presence of damage in the SIJ on x-Ray. In non-radiographic AxSpA (nr-AxSpA)  this sign is absent  and presence of disease is confirmed by MRI or genetic features (i.e. presence of HLA B27). First symptoms indicative of AxSpA tend to develop in young adults  aged 20 to 30 years. Typical early symptoms of the disease include inflammatory back pain  which is characterized by nocturnal pain and prolonged morning stiffness of the (lower) back with impaired physical function. Many patients present with articular (arthritis  dactylitis) and extra-articular (for example inflammatory bowel disease  uveitis  psoriasis) symptoms associated with AxSpA. Studies report the prevalence of AxSpA ranges from 9 to 30 per 10 000 in the general population  depending on geographic area  study population or data source  case definition  and ascertainment methods.4About filgotinibFilgotinib is marketed as Jyseleca® in Europe and Japan for the treatment of adults with moderate to severe active RA who have responded inadequately or are intolerant to one or more disease modifying anti-rheumatic drugs. Filgotinib is also marketed as Jyseleca® in Europe and Japan for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe active UC who have had an inadequate response with  lost response to  or were intolerant to either conventional therapy or a biologic agent. Jyseleca® 100mg and 200mg are registered in the above-mentioned territories. The European Summary of Product Characteristics for filgotinib  which includes contraindications and special warnings and precautions  is available at www.ema.europa.eu . The Great Britain Summary of Product Characteristics for filgotinib can be found at www.medicines.org.uk/emc and the Northern Ireland Summary of Product Characteristics for filgotinib can be found at www.emcmedicines.com/en-GB/northernireland   respectively. The interview form from the Japanese Ministry of Health  Labour and Welfare is available at www.info.pmda.go.jp .Jyseleca® is a trademark of Galapagos NV and Gilead Sciences  Inc. or its related companies. Except for filgotinib’s approval as Jyseleca® for the treatment of moderate to severe active RA and UC by the relevant regulatory authorities in the European Union  Great Britain  and Japan  our drug candidates are investigational; their efficacy and safety have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About GalapagosGalapagos is a fully integrated biotechnology company focused on discovering  developing  and commercializing innovative medicines. We are committed to improving patients’ lives worldwide by targeting diseases with high unmet needs. Our R&D capabilities cover multiple drug modalities  including small molecules and cell therapies. Our portfolio comprises discovery through to commercialized programs in immunology  oncology  and other indications. Our first medicine for rheumatoid arthritis and ulcerative colitis is available in Europe and Japan. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or Twitter .ContactsMedia relations Investor relations Marieke Vermeersch Sofie Van Gijsel +32 479 490 603 +1 781 296 1143 Elisa Chenailler Sandra Cauwenberghs +41 79 853 33 54 +32 495 58 46 63 ir@glpg.com Hélène de Kruijs +31 6 22463921 media@glpg.comForward Looking StatementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements  all of which involve certain risks and uncertainties. These statements are often  but not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “will ” “can ” “commit ” “potential ” “remains ” “continue ” “rapid ” “unmet ” “advance ” “encouraging ” “working ” “consists ” “achieve ” and “improve ” as well as similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this release include  but are not limited to  statements related to our plans and strategy with respect to filgotinib  including our planned Phase 3 clinical trial in AxSpA  r-AxSpA and nr-AxSpA with filgotinib  and the OLINGUITO or TORTUGA study  statements in relation to the envisaged timelines for the OLINGUITO study  and statements regarding the timing with respect to the OLINGUITO study. Any forward-looking statements in this release are based on our management’s current expectations and beliefs and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which might cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any historic or future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements. These risks  uncertainties and other factors include  without limitation  the risk that the clinical study with filgotinib for AxSpA  r-AxSpA and nr-AxSpA  OLINGUITO  and any future clinical studies with filgotinib may not be completed in the currently envisaged timelines or at all  the inherent risks and uncertainties associated with competitive developments  clinical trial and product development activities  including with respect to the OLINGUITO study  risks related to regulatory approval requirements (including that data from the ongoing and planned clinical research programs may not support the registration of filgotinib for indications in AxSpA  r-AxSpA and/or nr-AxSpA due to safety  efficacy or other reasons)  risks related to our reliance on collaborations with third parties  the risk that our estimations regarding our filgotinib development program and regarding the commercial potential of filgotinib may be incorrect  the risk that we will not be able to continue to execute on our currently contemplated business plan and/or will need to revise our business plan  and risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic  as well as those risks and uncertainties identified in our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)  as supplemented and/or modified by any other filings and reports that we have made or will make with the SEC in the future. Given these risks and uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. In addition  even if our results  performance or achievements are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results  performance or achievements in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this release. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update any such statements in this release unless required by law or regulation.1 The Ankylosing Spondylitis Disease Activity Score (ASDAS) is an index to assess disease activity in Ankylosing Spondylitis (AS).2 Van Der Heijde D. Efficacy and safety of filgotinib  a selective Janus kinase 1 inhibitor  in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis (TORTUGA): results from a randomised  placebo-controlled  phase 2 trial Lancet 2018;392:2378-87.3 Percentage of Participants Achieving SpondyloArthritis International Society 40% improvement.4 Wang R  Ward MM. Epidemiology of axial spondyloarthritis: an update. Curr Opin Rheumatol. 2018 Mar;30(2):137-143.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.18,0.11,0.71,True,English,"['active axial spondyloarthritis', 'Phase 3 program', 'Galapagos', 'filgotinib', 'patients', 'two randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, multi-center, parallel-group studies', 'chronic, painful, highly invalidating inflammatory condition', 'The OLINGUITO global Phase 3 program', 'Ankylosing Spondylitis Disease Activity Score', 'moderate to severe active UC', 'two distinct clinical presentations', 'sustained low disease activity', 'high unmet medical need', 'effective oral treatment options', 'chronic inflammatory disease', 'high unmet need', 'two parallel studies', 'OLINGUITO Phase 3 program', 'pivotal Phase 3 program', 'JAK1 preferential inhibitor', 'Prof. Xenofon Baraliakos', 'Daniele D’Ambrosio', 'European Medicines Agency', 'severe active RA', 'Therapeutic Area Head', 'significant disease burden', 'open-label treatment period', 'Phase 2 TORTUGA study', 'Typical early symptoms', 'prolonged morning stiffness', 'other study sites', 'first trial sites', 'encouraging safety profile', 'double-blind studies', 'active radiographic AxSpA', 'OLINGUITO program', 'double-blind filgotinib', 'active r-AxSpA', 'pivotal trial', 'clinical partners', 'geographic area', 'first patient', 'biological treatment', 'First symptoms', 'bowel disease', 'axial spondyloarthritis', 'ulcerative colitis', 'greater improvements', 'primary endpoint', 'Internal Medicine', 'Ruhr-University Bochum', 'Coordinating Investigator', 'available therapies', 'patient populations', 'inadequate response', 'ASAS403 response', 'sacroiliac joints', 'functional impairment', 'genetic features', 'HLA B27', 'physical function', 'general population', 'data source', 'case definition', 'ascertainment methods', 'anti-rheumatic drugs', 'Study A', 'Study B', 'study population', 'conventional treatment', 'nocturnal pain', 'rheumatoid arthritis', 'Topline results', 'r-AxSpA Filgotinib', 'Galapagos NV', 'consistent efficacy', 'young adults', 'patients’ quality', 'Many patients', 'adult patients', 'back pain', 'filgotinib 200mg', 'to 30', '476 patients', '238 patients', 'Japan', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', '26 April', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'GLPG', 'H2', 'ASDAS', 'Week', 'life', 'Professor', 'Rheumatology', 'Germany', 'limited', 'MD', 'PhD', 'Immunology', 'range', 'conditions', 'potential', 'needs', 'objectives', 'nr-AxSpA', 'proportion', 'compliance', 'SIJs', 'spine', 'fatigue', 'presence', 'damage', 'x-Ray', 'MRI', 'lower', 'impaired', 'articular', 'dactylitis', 'example', 'uveitis', 'prevalence', 'Jyseleca®', '22:01']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23811,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2654652/0/en/Aegon-Bank-publishes-its-2022-Annual-Report.html,Aegon Bank publishes its 2022 Annual Report,The Hague  April 26  2023 - Aegon Bank has today published its 2022 annual report. The report provides information on the bank’s strategy  governance  business  and financial performance on a statutory basis.,The Hague  April 26  2023 - Aegon Bank has today published its 2022 annual report. The report provides information on the bank’s strategy  governance  business  and financial performance on a statutory basis.About AegonAegon is an integrated  diversified  international financial services group. The company offers investment  protection  and retirement solutions  with a strategic focus on three core markets (the United States  the United Kingdom  and the Netherlands)  three growth markets (Spain & Portugal  Brazil  and China)  and one global asset manager. Aegon's purpose of Helping people live their best lives runs through all its activities. As a leading global investor and employer  the company seeks to have a positive impact by addressing critical environmental and societal issues  with a focus on climate change and inclusion & diversity. Aegon is headquartered in The Hague  the Netherlands  and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the New York Stock Exchange. More information can be found at aegon.com.Contacts Media relations Investor relations Dick Schiethart Jan Willem Weidema+31(0) 6 2288 9925 +31(0) 70 344 8028 dick.schiethart@aegon.com janwillem.weidema@aegon.comForward-looking statementsThe statements contained in this document that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements as defined in the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The following are words that identify such forward-looking statements: aim  believe  estimate  target  intend  may  expect  anticipate  predict  project  counting on  plan  continue  want  forecast  goal  should  would  could  is confident  will  and similar expressions as they relate to Aegon. These statements may contain information about financial prospects  economic conditions and trends and involve risks and uncertainties. In addition  any statements that refer to sustainability  environmental and social targets  commitments  goals  efforts and expectations and other events or circumstances that are partially dependent on future events are forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Aegon undertakes no obligation  and expressly disclaims any duty  to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which merely reflect company expectations at the time of writing. Actual results may differ materially and adversely from expectations conveyed in forward-looking statements due to changes caused by various risks and uncertainties. Such risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the following:Unexpected delays  difficulties  and expenses in executing against our environmental  climate  diversity and inclusion or other “ESG” targets  goals and commitments  and changes in laws or regulations affecting us  such as changes in data privacy  environmental  safety and health laws;Changes in general economic and/or governmental conditions  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Civil unrest  (geo-) political tensions  military action or other instability in a country or geographic region;Changes in the performance of financial markets  including emerging markets  such as with regard to: The frequency and severity of defaults by issuers in Aegon’s fixed income investment portfolios; The effects of corporate bankruptcies and/or accounting restatements on the financial markets and the resulting decline in the value of equity and debt securities Aegon holds; The effects of declining creditworthiness of certain public sector securities and the resulting decline in the value of government exposure that Aegon holds;Changes in the performance of Aegon’s investment portfolio and decline in ratings of Aegon’s counterparties;Lowering of one or more of Aegon’s debt ratings issued by recognized rating organizations and the adverse impact such action may have on Aegon’s ability to raise capital and on its liquidity and financial condition;Lowering of one or more of insurer financial strength ratings of Aegon’s insurance subsidiaries and the adverse impact such action may have on the written premium  policy retention  profitability and liquidity of its insurance subsidiaries;The effect of the European Union’s Solvency II requirements and other regulations in other jurisdictions affecting the capital Aegon is required to maintain;Changes affecting interest rate levels and low or rapidly changing interest rate levels;Changes affecting currency exchange rates  in particular the EUR/USD and EUR/GBP exchange rates;Changes affecting inflation levels  particularly in the United States  the Netherlands and the United Kingdom;Changes in the availability of  and costs associated with  liquidity sources such as bank and capital markets funding  as well as conditions in the credit markets in general such as changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness;Increasing levels of competition in the United States  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and emerging markets;Catastrophic events  either manmade or by nature  including by way of example acts of God  acts of terrorism  acts of war and pandemics  could result in material losses and significantly interrupt Aegon’s business;The frequency and severity of insured loss events;Changes affecting longevity  mortality  morbidity  persistence and other factors that may impact the profitability of Aegon’s insurance products;Aegon’s projected results are highly sensitive to complex mathematical models of financial markets  mortality  longevity  and other dynamic systems subject to shocks and unpredictable volatility. Should assumptions to these models later prove incorrect  or should errors in those models escape the controls in place to detect them  future performance will vary from projected results;Reinsurers to whom Aegon has ceded significant underwriting risks may fail to meet their obligations;Changes in customer behavior and public opinion in general related to  among other things  the type of products Aegon sells  including legal  regulatory or commercial necessity to meet changing customer expectations;Customer responsiveness to both new products and distribution channels;As Aegon’s operations support complex transactions and are highly dependent on the proper functioning of information technology  operational risks such as system disruptions or failures  security or data privacy breaches  cyberattacks  human error  failure to safeguard personally identifiable information  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including with respect to third parties with which we do business may disrupt Aegon’s business  damage its reputation and adversely affect its results of operations  financial condition and cash flows;The impact of acquisitions and divestitures  restructurings  product withdrawals and other unusual items  including Aegon’s ability to complete  or obtain regulatory approval for  acquisitions and divestitures  integrate acquisitions  and realize anticipated results  and its ability to separate businesses as part of divestitures;Aegon’s failure to achieve anticipated levels of earnings or operational efficiencies  as well as other management initiatives related to cost savings  Cash Capital at Holding  gross financial leverage and free cash flow;Changes in the policies of central banks and/or governments;Litigation or regulatory action that could require Aegon to pay significant damages or change the way Aegon does business;Competitive  legal  regulatory  or tax changes that affect profitability  the distribution cost of or demand for Aegon’s products;Consequences of an actual or potential break-up of the European monetary union in whole or in part  or the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union and potential consequences if other European Union countries leave the European Union;Changes in laws and regulations  particularly those affecting Aegon’s operations’ ability to hire and retain key personnel  taxation of Aegon companies  the products Aegon sells  and the attractiveness of certain products to its consumers;Regulatory changes relating to the pensions  investment  and insurance industries in the jurisdictions in which Aegon operates;Standard setting initiatives of supranational standard setting bodies such as the Financial Stability Board and the International Association of Insurance Supervisors or changes to such standards that may have an impact on regional (such as EU)  national or US federal or state level financial regulation or the application thereof to Aegon  including the designation of Aegon by the Financial Stability Board as a Global Systemically Important Insurer (G-SII); andChanges in accounting regulations and policies or a change by Aegon in applying such regulations and policies  voluntarily or otherwise  which may affect Aegon’s reported results  shareholders’ equity or regulatory capital adequacy levels.Further details of potential risks and uncertainties affecting Aegon are described in its filings with the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets and the US Securities and Exchange Commission  including the Annual Report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this document. Except as required by any applicable law or regulation  Aegon expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in Aegon’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.Financial documents in progress - Aegon Bank 2022 Annual Report - All Documents (sharepoint.com)Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.06,0.78,True,English,"['Aegon Bank', '2022 Annual Report', 'US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'integrated, diversified, international financial services group', 'Media relations Investor relations Dick Schiethart', 'one global asset manager', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'fixed income investment portfolios', 'insurer financial strength ratings', 'leading global investor', 'public sector securities', 'currency exchange rates', 'EUR/GBP exchange rates', 'Jan Willem Weidema', 'Solvency II requirements', 'interest rate levels', 'three core markets', 'three growth markets', 'other “ESG” targets', 'capital markets funding', 'debt securities', 'financial markets', 'financial prospects', 'financial condition', 'social targets', 'inflation levels', 'Increasing levels', 'emerging markets', 'credit markets', 'financial performance', 'debt ratings', 'other events', 'other instability', 'other jurisdictions', 'The Hague', 'statutory basis', 'retirement solutions', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'best lives', 'positive impact', 'societal issues', 'climate change', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'future events', 'undue reliance', 'Actual results', 'Unexpected delays', 'data privacy', 'general economic', 'Civil unrest', 'geographic region', 'corporate bankruptcies', 'accounting restatements', 'government exposure', 'rating organizations', 'adverse impact', 'insurance subsidiaries', 'policy retention', 'European Union', 'other regulations', 'economic conditions', 'governmental conditions', 'resulting decline', 'Forward-looking statements', '2022 annual report', 'strategic focus', 'future performance', 'various risks', 'Such risks', 'health laws', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'critical environmental', 'More information', 'military action', 'liquidity sources', 'capital Aegon', 'company expectations', 'Aegon Bank', 'April', 'strategy', 'governance', 'business', 'protection', 'Netherlands', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'Brazil', 'China', 'purpose', 'people', 'activities', 'employer', 'inclusion', 'diversity', 'Contacts', 'document', 'words', 'project', 'plan', 'goal', 'trends', 'uncertainties', 'addition', 'sustainability', 'commitments', 'efforts', 'circumstances', 'guarantees', 'assumptions', 'obligation', 'duty', 'Readers', 'time', 'writing', 'changes', 'difficulties', 'expenses', 'safety', 'country', 'regard', 'frequency', 'severity', 'defaults', 'issuers', 'effects', 'value', 'equity', 'declining', 'counterparties', 'Lowering', 'premium', 'profitability', 'EUR/USD', 'availability', 'costs', 'borrower', 'competition']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23812,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-announcement-of-dividend-301808556.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement of Dividend,LONDON  April 26  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Dividend Announcement: On 26 April 2023  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$ 0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the first quarter of 2023. The ex-dividend date is 2 May 2023. The recor…,LONDON  April 26  2023 /PRNewswire/ --Dividend Announcement:On 26 April 2023  the Board of Directors of Tetragon declared a dividend of U.S.$ 0.11 (11.00 cents) per share in respect of the first quarter of 2023. The ex-dividend date is 2 May 2023. The record date is 3 May 2023. Payment of the dividend will take place from 26 May 2023.Tetragon's website (www.tetragoninv.com) includes information on Tetragon's Optional Stock Dividend Plan for those shareholders electing to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares. Shareholders may elect to receive dividends in the form of Tetragon shares by making a dividend share election up to 15 May 2023. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in cash from 26 May 2023.Cash dividends may be received in Sterling by those shareholders making a dividend currency election up to 15 May 2023. If no election is made  the dividend will be paid in U.S. dollars from 26 May 2023.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon:Yuko Thomas Investor Relations [email protected] Press Inquiries:Prosek Partners [email protected] U.K. +44 20 3890 9193 U.S. +1 212 279 3115This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR  and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.27,0.73,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement', 'Dividend', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Optional Stock Dividend Plan', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'alternative investment fund', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. persons', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'investment manager', 'Dividend Announcement', 'U.K.', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', 'first quarter', 'ex-dividend date', 'record date', 'voting shares', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'UK version', 'UK law', 'European Union', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'Netherlands Authority', 'Tetragon shares', 'currency election', 'public offer', 'share election', 'Cash dividends', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Board', 'Directors', 'respect', '2 May', '3 May', 'Payment', 'place', '26 May', 'website', 'information', 'shareholders', '15 May', 'Sterling', 'release', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'portion', 'addition', 'investors', 'benefits', 'Section']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,prnewswire.com
23813,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD-43851519/news/Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield-Q1-2023-Trading-Update-43648715/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield Q1-2023 Trading Update,(marketscreener.com) Paris  Amsterdam  April 26  2023 Press release UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD Q1-2023 TRADING UPDATE STRONG OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE ILLUSTRATES HEDGING AGAINST INFLATION Turnover up +1.4% in Q1-2023 vs. Q1-2022 supported by +8.5% like-for-like…,Paris  Amsterdam  April 26  2023Press releaseUNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD Q1-2023 TRADING UPDATESTRONG OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE ILLUSTRATES HEDGING AGAINST INFLATIONTurnover up + 1.4 % in Q1-2023 vs. Q1 - 2022 supported by +8.5% like-for-like growth   offset by impact of 2022 disposals and lower property development and project management revenuesLike-for-like Gross Rental Income up +7.8% driven by indexation and strong operating performanceTenant sales up +1 2 % in Q 1 -202 3 vs. Q1 -2022   confirming positive trend seen in FY -2022 . Strong year-on-year sales and footfall growth in all regions : + 17 % for sales and + 1 2 % for footfall in Continental Europe   + 8 % for sales and +1 2 % for footfall in the U K   and + 4 % for sales and + 5 % for footfall in the USRent collection at 9 5 % for Q 1 -202 3 above 2022 levels ( 93% for Q 1 -202 2 )S trong leasing activity confirms continued retailer demand for URW l ocations   with 58 8 deals signed in Q 1 -202 3   up + 27 % year-on-year   Minimum Guaranteed Rent ( “ MGR ” ) s igned of € 106 Mn   up + 33 % and a MGR uplift of + 8 . 2 % ( + 6 . 2 % in Q 1-2022 )€ 13. 7 Bn of cash and available credit lines on hand with re financing needs secured for more than 36 months2023 Adjusted Recurring Earnings per Share (AREPS) guidance of €9.30 to €9.50 reconfirmedCommenting on the results  Jean-Marie Tritant  Chief Executive Officer stated:“In Q1-2023  continued growth in Gross Rental Income across all divisions demonstrates the strong operational performance of our business and its effective hedging against inflation.Shopping Centre tenant sales rose above core inflation while robust leasing activity continues to underline the appeal of our Flagship destinations. We signed a higher proportion of long-term deals at an increased MGR  as major retailers continue to increase their store footprint with us as they focus on the most productive stores in prime locations.This core performance was supported by our Offices and C&E divisions  both up strongly  boosted by continued leasing progress at Trinity and the recovery of event activity.”1. TurnoverURW’s proportionate turnover1 for Q1-2023 amounted to €909.3 Mn  up +1.4% year-on-year  impacted by disposals and lower property development and project management revenues. On a like-for-like basis  URW’s turnover is up +8.5%2  driven by indexation  dynamic Shopping Centre leasing activity  increased variable income (Sales Based Rents  Commercial Partnerships  Parking)  Offices leasing progress and the continued rebound in Convention & Exhibition (“C&E”) activity.Turnover IFRS Proportionate YTD in € Mn  excluding VAT Q1-2023 Q1-2022 Change Q1-2023 Q1-2022 Change Shopping Centres 585.7 572.9 2.2% 733.8 733.3 0.1% Gross Rental Income 496.6 480.8 3.3% 628.9 622.4 1.0% Service charge income 89.1 92.1 -3.2% 104.9 110.9 -5.4% Offices & Others 26.7 22.0 21.3% 28.3 23.5 20.6% Gross Rental Income 21.3 17.8 20.0% 22.7 19.0 19.4% Service charge income 5.4 4.3 26.5% 5.6 4.5 25.6% Convention & Exhibition 75.5 61.2 23.4% 76.3 61.9 23.3% Gross Rental Income 51.8 41.4 25.0% 52.6 42.1 25.0% Service charge income 1.7 1.3 32.2% 1.7 1.3 32.2% Services 22.0 18.5 19.2% 22.0 18.5 18.9% Property services and other activities revenues 41.6 30.6 35.9% 41.6 30.7 35.8% Property development and project management revenues 29.3 47.8 -38.7% 29.3 47.8 -38.7% Total 758.8 734.5 3.3% 909.3 897.1 1.4%Figures may not add up due to rounding.2. Gross Rental Income (GRI)3Group GRI amounted to €704.2 Mn for Q1-2023  an increase of +3.0%  and +7.8% on a like-for-like basis.Shopping Centres GRI on a proportionate basis amounted to €628.9 Mn for Q1-2023  an increase of +1.0% impacted by 2022 disposals in France  Central Europe  Nordics  Germany  The Netherlands and the US. On a like-for-like basis  the GRI increased by +6.4% primarily due to indexation and strong operating performance in 2022 and Q1-2023  demonstrating the Group’s hedging against inflation.Increased GRI was recorded in all countries  except the US and the UK mainly as a result of 2022 and 2023 disposals in the US and FX impact in the UK.Offices & Others GRI improved by +19.4% in Q1-2023  driven by the leasing activity at Trinity in La Défense and the ramp-up of the Pullman Montparnasse hotel as well as the delivery of Gaîté Montparnasse offices in 2022.Two additional leases were signed at Trinity in Q1-2023  taking leasing to 82%.URW also signed a lease with ADLER Smart Solutions in Westfield Hamburg  bringing the total offices GLA signed to c. 9 400 sqm  representing 34% of the office buildings to be delivered in 2024.Further leases are under discussion on these assets.Convention & Exhibition GRI increased by +25.0% from €42.1 Mn in Q1-2022 to €52.6 Mn in Q1-2023  demonstrating the recovery in activity from a Q1-2022 basis still impacted by COVID-19. As at March 31  2023  revenues from completed  signed and pre-booked events in C&E venues for 2023 amounted to c. 91% of its expected 2023 rental income.Gross Rental Income IFRS Proportionate YTD in € Mn  excluding VAT Q1-2023 Q1-2022 Change Q1-2023 Q1-2022 Change Shopping Centres 496.6 480.8 3.3% 628.9 622.4 1.0% France 139.2 139.4 -0.2% 142.0 141.9 0.1% Spain 46.6 43.0 8.4% 46.7 43.1 8.4% Southern Europe 185.8 182.4 1.9% 188.7 185.0 2.0% Central Europe 57.1 51.9 10.0% 61.1 57.6 6.2% Austria 39.2 36.3 8.2% 39.2 36.3 8.2% Germany 24.1 23.8 1.2% 36.8 34.5 6.7% Central and Eastern Europe 120.4 111.9 7.6% 137.2 128.3 6.9% Nordics 30.1 28.9 4.3% 30.1 28.9 4.3% The Netherlands 22.9 22.6 1.3% 22.9 22.6 1.3% Northern Europe 53.1 51.5 3.0% 53.1 51.5 3.0% United Kingdom 24.5 25.7 -4.8% 45.9 47.7 -3.9% United States 112.8 109.3 3.3% 204.1 209.9 -2.8% Offices & Others 21.3 17.8 20.0% 22.7 19.0 19.4% France 15.7 12.3 27.3% 16.2 12.9 26.2% Other countries 5.6 5.4 3.5% 6.5 6.2 5.3% Convention & Exhibition 51.8 41.4 25.0% 52.6 42.1 25.0% Total 569.7 540.0 5.5% 704.2 683.5 3.0%Figures may not add up due to rounding.Major events Q11. Sales4 & Footfall5Tenant sales levels were up +12% compared to Q1-2022  well above Q1-2023 inflation of +6.2%6  continuing the positive trends seen in Q4-2022 and FY-2022 as a whole.In Continental Europe  Q1-2023 sales increased by +17% compared to Q1-2022  with all regions being above Q1-2022. Sales in Austria and Germany were up +27% and +24% respectively compared to Q1-2022  when some COVID-19 restrictions were still in place. Sales in Central Europe were up +25% compared to Q1-2022. Sales in the UK were up +8% compared to Q1-2022  and up +4% in the US driven by Flagship assets which were up +5%.Footfall in the Group’s shopping centres increased by +10% compared to Q1-2022 levels  with +12% in Continental Europe  +12% in the UK and +5% in the US.Footfall Tenant sales Growth vs. 2022 levels Q1-2023 Q1-2023 France +8% +13% Spain +5% +13% Central Europe +16% +25% Austria +24% +27% Germany +19% +24% Nordics +11% +13% The Netherlands +34% n.a. Continental Europe +12% +17% UK +12% +8% Europe +12% +15% US +5% +4% Total Group +10% +12%2. Rent collectionRent collection reached 95%7 for the Group in Q1-2023 above Q1-2022 and in line with Q4-2022 levels  demonstrating the Group’s hedging against inflation based on high sales figures for its retail tenants. Net of bankruptcies  Q1-2023 rent collection is 96%.Region Q1-2023 Q1-20228 Q4-20229 Continental Europe 96% 93% 95% UK 92% 95% 92% Total Europe 95% 93% 94% US 95% 93% 96% Total URW 95% 93% 95%Rent collection continued to increase over time. During Q1-2023  the Group collected additional rents related to 2022  leading to an increase of Q1-2022 collection rate to 98%  Q4-2022 to 96% and FY-2022 to 98%.3. Leasing and vacancyLeasing10In Q1-2023  leasing activity was strong with 588 deals signed in Q1  up +27% vs. Q1-2022 (463 deals) for a total MGR of €106 Mn  up +33% vs. Q1-2022.The proportion of long-term deals (above 36 months11) also increased from 63% in Q1-2022 to 66% in Q1-2023.Overall  MGR uplift in Q1-2023 was +8.2% on top of indexed passing rents. In Continental Europe this figure stood at +4.0%  in the UK it was +4.1% and in the US it was +13.1%. This is above last year’s MGR uplift of +6.2%  even with the higher impact of indexation  confirming the positive trend seen in FY-2022 and illustrating continued retailer appetite for URW’s Flagship destinations.Deals longer than 36 months have an MGR uplift of +14.2% on top of indexed passing rents including +6.0% on top of indexed passing rents in Continental Europe11 and +29.1% in the US  demonstrating the positive operating momentum in the US in particular for Flagship assets (+33.2%). MGR uplift of leases between 12 and 36 months was -2.8% for the Group.Vacancy12EPRA vacancy was at 7.2% for the Group  30 bps below Q1-2022 and 70 bps above final FY-2022 figures in line with historic seasonal patterns. Vacancy is expected to decrease below 2022 levels in 2023.Bankruptcies affected 137 units in Q1-2023  representing just 1.4% of the Group’s total units  including 99 units in Europe. 91% of these units have either already been relet or are still occupied by the existing tenants as at March 31  2023.These figures also reflect an increased focus on filling vacant units with long-term rather than short-term deals. In Continental Europe  78% of vacant units let in Q1-2023 were for long-term deals  compared to 58% in Q4-2022. In the US  the proportion of long-term leases signed on the vacant units was 89% compared to 81% in Q4-2022 for Flagship assets.In Continental Europe  vacancy was at 3.8%  70 bps above FY-2022. In the UK  vacancy slightly decreased to 9.3% vs. 9.4% in FY-2022 and 11.6% in Q1-2022.In the US  vacancy was at 11.7% compared to 10.4% in FY-2022  with US Flagships at 9.4% compared to 8.2% in FY-2022. US Regionals vacancy stood at 13.0% compared to 11.7% in FY-2022  while CBD assets remained affected by work from home policies and security issues with a vacancy level of 25.8% compared to 23.9% in FY-2022.4. Variable income (Sales Based Rents  Commercial Partnerships  Parking)13Total variable income increased by +3% to €67.3 Mn in Q1-2023  including Sales Based Rents (“SBR”) of €28.1 Mn (of which €16.4 Mn for the US)  Commercial Partnerships14 of €23.6 Mn and Parking of €15.5 Mn.5. DisposalsOn February 1  2023  the Group completed the sale of the Westfield North County ground lease located in Escondido  California  to Bridge Group Investments and Steerpoint Capital  transferring ownership and management of the asset. The sale price of $57 Mn (at 100%  URW share 55%) for the asset  which has 30 years left on its ground lease  reflects the property’s book value as at December 31  2022. The asset is a B-rated  1.25 Mn square foot property  which is 89% leased.The Group is engaged in discussions to sell Westfield Valencia Town Center having taken the decision to not repay the $195 Mn15 secured debt on the property that matured on January 1st  2023. The debt is non-recourse and its non-repayment has no impact on the rest of the Group’s debt. If a sale is not achieved  the property will likely be foreclosed leading to a debt reduction of $97.5 Mn. The asset is currently valued at $100.2 Mn16.The Group is in active discussions in relation to several of its US regional assets.URW is committed to its deleveraging plan  which entails a radical reduction of its financial exposure to the US. URW also expects to secure the remaining €0.8 Bn of its €4.0 Bn European disposal target during 2023.On April 21  2023  URW completed the acquisition of Hammerson’s 50% stake in the Croydon Partnership at a price in line with the last unaffected appraisal value and for a site which comprises a 10-hectare parcel which includes the Whitgift and Centrale shopping centres as well as high street retail frontage  office blocks and multi-storey car parks in the heart of the designated GLA Opportunity Area in South London. The Croydon project is fully aligned with the Group’s strategy of unlocking mixed-use development opportunities embedded in its portfolio.6. Financial resourcesSince the beginning of 2023  the Group signed €623 Mn of medium to long-term financing17 including:€403 Mn in March including a €150 Mn 3-year sustainability-linked term loan and a $275 Mn 5-year 17 non-recourse mortgage loan backed by Westfield Galleria at Roseville;non-recourse mortgage loan backed by Westfield Galleria at Roseville; €220 Mn in April including a €100 Mn 3-year sustainability-linked term loan and a €120 Mn 5-year non-recourse mortgage loan to refinance a maturing loan backed by Paunsdorf Center18.Taking into account these loans  the Group’s cash-on-hand and undrawn credit facilities position amounts to €13.7 Bn19 on a proportionate basis (vs. €13.2 Bn as at December 31  2022)  including €4.2 Bn20 of cash on hand and €9.4 Bn17 of credit facilities  of which c. €2.1 Bn is maturing over the next 12 months. URW is considering opportunities to extend or renew part of these lines. This liquidity covers more than 36 months of debt maturities21.The terms and conditions of the €1.25 Bn perpetual non-call 2023 hybrid instrument provide the issuer with a call option22 in 2023  and annually thereafter.The decision regarding this call will be made ahead of its First Reset Date23 (i.e. October 25  2023).On April 14  2023  S&P published a research update confirming the “BBB+” long-term rating of the Group with “stable” outlook.7. OutlookBased on the performance in the first quarter of 2023  the Group reconfirms its 2023 Adjusted Recurring Earnings Per Share (AREPS) guidance to be in the range of €9.30 to €9.50 per share.This guidance does not include major disposals in the US in the context of the radical reduction of its financial exposure.The Group assumes no major energy-related restrictions  nor major deterioration to the macro-economic and geopolitical environment.8. Financial scheduleThe next financial events in the Group’s calendar will be:May 11  2023: AGM Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SEJuly 27  2023: H1-2023 resultsFor further information  please contact:Investor RelationsJonathan Hodes+44 7920 058 752Jonathan.Hodes@urw.comMedia RelationsUK/Global:Cornelia Schnepf – FinElk+44 7387 108 998Cornelia.Schnepf@finelk.euFrance:Sonia Fellmann – PLEAD+33 6 27 84 91 30Sonia.Fellmann@plead.frUnited States:Molly Morse – Kekst CNC+ 1 212 521 4826Molly.Morse@kekstcnc.comAbout Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield is an owner  developer and operator of sustainable  high-quality real estate assets in the most dynamic cities in Europe and the United States.The Group operates 78 shopping centres in 12 countries  including 43 which carry the iconic Westfield brand. These centres attract over 900 million visits annually and provide a unique platform for retailers and brands to connect with consumers. URW also has a portfolio of high-quality offices  10 convention and exhibition venues in Paris  and a €3 Bn development pipeline of mainly mixed-use assets. Currently  its €52 Bn portfolio is 87% in retail  6% in offices  5% in convention and exhibition venues  and 2% in services (as at December 31  2022).URW is a committed partner to major cities on urban regeneration projects  through both mixed-use development and the retrofitting of buildings to industry-leading sustainability standards. These commitments are enhanced by the Group’s Better Places 2030 agenda  which strives to make a positive environmental  social and economic impact on the cities and communities where URW operates.URW’s stapled shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Paris (Ticker: URW)  with a secondary listing in Australia through Chess Depositary Interests. The Group benefits from a BBB+ rating from Standard & Poor’s and from a Baa2 rating from Moody’s.For more information  please visit www.urw.com1 Proportionate reflects the impact of proportional consolidation instead of the equity method required by IFRS 11 of the URW jointly controlled assets.2 Excluding acquisitions  divestments  transfers to and from pipeline and property development and project management revenues.3 From an accounting standpoint  Gross Rental Income (“GRI”) includes the indexation  occupancy impact and variable revenues  while doubtful debtor provisions are part of the property operating expenses.4 Tenant sales for all centres (except The Netherlands) in operation  including extensions of existing assets  but excluding deliveries of new brownfield projects  newly acquired assets and assets under heavy refurbishment (Ursynów  Les Ateliers Gaîté  CNIT  Garbera and MUX in Shopping City Süd) or works in the surrounding area (Fisketorvet)  excluding El Corte Inglés sales from Westfield Parquesur and La Vaguada  excluding Zlote Tarasy as this centre is not managed by URW  excluding Carrousel du Louvre and excluding Auto category for Europe and Auto and Department Stores for the US.5 Footfall for all centres in operation  including extensions of existing assets  but excluding deliveries of new brownfield projects  newly acquired assets and assets under heavy refurbishment (Ursynów  Les Ateliers Gaîté  CNIT and Garbera) or works in the surrounding area (Fisketorvet)  excluding Carrousel du Louvre and excluding Zlote Tarasy as this centre is not managed by URW  and excluding in the US  the centres for which no comparable data of the previous year is available.6 Core inflation excluding energy and food average weighted by MGR of each country where the Group operates. HICP for Continental Europe (Eurostat)  Consumer Price Index for the UK (Statista)  annual core inflation (US Bureau Labor of Statistics).7 Retail only  assets at 100%. MGR + CAM in the US. As at April 21  2023. Rents and service charges collected on invoiced amounts. Collection rate based on amounts due is 95% in the UK and 96% at Group level.8 As at April 21  2022.9 As at January 20  2023 (3 weeks after closing date).10 2022 figures for leasing activity have been restated from disposals.11 Assuming French 3/6/9 years leases are long-term leases.12 Vacancy for Shopping Centres.13 Excluding airports.14 Group figure on a proportionate basis. Commercial Partnerships includes both the new Media  Brand & Data Partnerships division presented during the Investor Day in March 2022 and now called “Westfield Rise” for Europe  as well as kiosks  seasonal markets  pop-ups  and car park activations (“Specialty leasing & other income”).15 At 100%.16 Asset value in the Group’s consolidated account as at December 31  2022.17 Subject to covenants.18 As Paunsdorf Center is consolidated at 50.0% (at share) in URW’s proportionate accounts  only €60 Mn (URW share) of the non-recourse debt raised by the asset-owning JV  will be consolidated in URW’s proportionate debt. No debt consolidated under IFRS.19 €13.5 Bn as at March 31  2023  on a proportionate basis.20 On a proportionate basis.21 Excluding hybrid securities  which are accounted for as equity. The hybrid securities are deeply subordinated perpetual instruments with a coupon deferral option and are required to be classified as equity under IFRS.22 On any day in the period starting on  and including the 90th calendar day prior to the First Reset Date (i.e. October 25  2023).23 With the Reset Rate of Interest being equal to the sum of the 5-Year Euro Mid Swaps as at October 23  2023 and the Relevant Margin (i.e. 1.675% until October 24  2028).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.72,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield Q1-2023 Trading Update', 'Gross Rental Income IFRS Proportionate YTD', 'dynamic Shopping Centre leasing activity', 'UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD Q1-2023 TRADING UPDATE', 'Turnover IFRS Proportionate YTD', 'S trong leasing activity', 'Shopping Centre tenant sales', 'Gaîté Montparnasse offices', 'Pullman Montparnasse hotel', 'robust leasing activity', 'available credit lines', 're financing needs', '2023 Adjusted Recurring Earnings', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'La Défense', 'ADLER Smart Solutions', 'C&E venues', 'project management revenues', 'other activities revenues', 'Minimum Guaranteed Rent', 'Two additional leases', 'STRONG OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE', 'strong operating performance', 'Service charge income', 'lower property development', 'C&E divisions', 'Sales Based Rents', 'URW l ocations', '2023 rental income', 'Shopping Centres', 'proportionate turnover1', 'variable income', 'proportionate basis', 'core performance', 'Rent collection', 'Further leases', 'event activity', 'Press release', 'positive trend', 'Continental Europe', 'U K', 'retailer demand', 'AREPS) guidance', 'Jean-Marie Tritant', 'Flagship destinations', 'higher proportion', 'major retailers', 'store footprint', 'productive stores', 'prime locations', 'Commercial Partnerships', 'Property services', 'Central Europe', 'The Netherlands', 'Westfield Hamburg', 'office buildings', 'HEDGING AGAINST', 'effective hedging', 'Increased GRI', 'long-term deals', 'FX impact', 'Q1-2022 basis', 'year sales', 'MGR uplift', 'core inflation', 'continued growth', 'total offices', 'Group GRI', 'Others GRI', 'footfall growth', 'Exhibition GRI', '58 8 deals', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'April', '2022 disposals', 'indexation', 'FY', 'regions', '2022 levels', '7 Bn', 'cash', 'hand', '36 months', 'Share', 'results', 'business', 'appeal', 'progress', 'Trinity', 'recovery', 'Parking', 'rebound', 'Convention', 'Mn', 'VAT', 'Change', 'Figures', 'rounding', 'France', 'Nordics', 'Germany', 'countries', 'UK', '2023 disposals', 'ramp-up', 'delivery', 'GLA', '400 sqm', 'discussion', 'assets', 'COVID', 'March', 'events', 'expected', '€']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23814,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTALIA-SA-16860996/news/Q1-2023-Turnover-98-9-million-43649290/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Q1 2023 Turnover: 98.9 million,(marketscreener.com) Q1 2023 Turnover: €98.9 million Strong increase in energy sales and internal services Energy sales: +46%. A 40% increase in production thanks to better wind and solar resources and the full-year effect of the 2022 commissioningServices: +…,"Q1 2023 Turnover: 98.9 million 04/26/2023 | 12:51pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Q1 2023 Turnover: €98.9 million Strong increase in energy sales and internal services Energy sales: +46%. A 40% increase in production thanks to better wind and solar resources and the full-year effect of the 2022 commissioningServices: +58%. Internal services multiplied by five  with a record level of construction sites for own account  but a 31% decrease in services to third-party clients  a one-off decrease  yet with a strong momentum (x2.5) in capacity under construction for third-party clientsAfter eliminating Internal Services  which mobilized a large part of the teams during the quarter  turnover up +4%Capacity in operation and construction 2.6 GW in operation and under construction (+31%)  including 1 GW under construction2023 objectives confirmed Achievement of the 2023 target of 2.6 GW of capacity in operation and under construction in 2022  one year ahead of scheduleConfirmation of normalised EBITDA1 target of €275-300 million 2027 ambitions reaffirmed Owned capacity in operation and under construction: over 5 GWCapacity operated on behalf of third parties: over 8 GWNormalised EBITDA 2 : around €475 million: around €475 million CO 2 -equivalent avoided: over 4 million tonnes Voltalia (Euronext Paris  code ISIN : FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  publishes its first quarter 2023 turnover. “ The quarter was marked by a sustained increase in energy sales. It was a record first quarter thanks to commissioning in recent months and better wind conditions  both in Brazil and in France. In Services  growth was driven by internal services  reflecting the ramp-up of the power plant projects to be commissioned this year. On the strength of this first quarter  we reaffirm our 2023 EBITDA target and our 2027 ambitions ”  commented Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia. Q1 2023 TURNOVER In € million3 Q1 2023 Q1 2022 ChangeAt current exchange rates ChangeAt constant exchange rates4 Energy Sales 62.9 43.0 +46% +41% Services 101.9 64.7 +58% +55% Eliminations -65.9 -12.4 x5 x5 Turnover 98.9 95.3 +4% 0% ACTIVITY REVIEW Total turnover for Q1 2023 amounted to €98.9 million  up +4% (stable at constant exchange rates). Energy Sales and Services (after eliminations) contributed to respectively 64% and 36% of the quarter's turnover. ENERGY SALES Operational indicators Q1 2023 Q1 2022 Variation Production (in GWh) 950 678 +40% Installed capacity (in MW) 1 637 1 161 +41% Installed and under construction capacity (in MW)5 2 617 2 001 +31% Wind load factor in Brazil 40% 33% +7pts Solar load factor in Brazil 21% - - Wind load factor in France 29% 27% +2pts Solar load factor in France 13% 14% -1pt Solar load factor in Egypt 23% 23% - Solar load factor in Jordania 20% 21% -1pt Q1 2023 turnover from Energy Sales reached €62.9 million  up +46% (+41% at constant exchange rates) compared to Q1 2022. Quarterly production amounted to 0.9 TWh compared to 0.7 TWh in 2022  reflecting the improvement in wind and solar resources and the increase in installed capacity in operation to 1 637 MW (+41%) at the end of March 2023. Analysis by country In Brazil  production increased by +45% to 794 MWh  benefiting in particular from the full production of the SSM1-2 solar power plants (320 MW)  which was commissioned progressively in 2022  and from better wind conditions at the wind power plants;In France  production increased by +4%  benefiting from the commissioning in 2022 of Carrières de Plaines (8.9 MW) and the acquisition of Cap Sud by Helexia in March 2022 (renamed Helexia Agri);In other countries  Voltalia benefits from the growth of Helexia  as well as the commissioning of South Farm in the United Kingdom (49.9 MW) and Stavria in Greece (12 MW).SERVICES Q1 2023 turnover from Services (internal and external) reached €101.9 million  up +58% (+55% at constant exchange rates) compared to Q1 2022. The Development  Construction and Equipment Procurement segment increased by +61% to €92.9 million  thanks to a five-fold increase in internal activity over the period  reflecting the record capacity under construction for own account  which amounted to 980 MW at the end of March 2023. External turnover from these segments on behalf of third-party customers decreased by 38% to €30.2 million. Although more than 580 MW are currently under construction for third party customers (x2.5 vs Q1 2022)  few significant milestones have yet been reached during the period  as Voltalia recognizes construction turnover as projects progress. The Operation-Maintenance segment increased by +31% to €9.0 million (+31% at constant exchange rates) thanks to the strong momentum of new third-party contracts won in Europe and Brazil. Eliminations of turnover in Q1 2023 amounted to €65.9 million (x5 at current and constant exchange rates)  reflecting the strong increase in internal services for plants under construction  the vast majority of which are due to be commissioned before the end of 2023  and in operation. RECENT DEVELOPMENTS (SELECTION) Mandate with IFC for the financing of the Dwangwa solar power plant in Malawi 6 Voltalia has signed a mandate with IFC (International Finance Corporation)  the private sector arm of the World Bank Group  to finance the Dwangwa project in Malawi (55 MW of solar power and 10 MW of battery storage). The electricity will be sold under a 20-year contract with Electricity Supply Corporation of Malawi Ltd  the state-owned electricity transmission and distribution company. The Sud Vannier wind farm produces its first kilowatt hours7 Voltalia is continuing to establish itself in the Grand Est region with the commissioning of its Sud Vannier wind farm. With a capacity of 23.6 MW  the project is the third wind farm in the northeast quarter of France after those of Sarry (23.1 MW) and Molinons (10 MW). The production is sold to Leroy Merlin under a 23-year contract  the first corporate PPA8 for wind power in France. Appeal of a preliminary decision to suspend permits for the Canudos project in Brazil9 The preliminary judicial decision relates to the permits for the Canudos wind farms  located in the state of Bahia  and currently under construction with a total capacity of 99.4 MW. According to the decision  the environmental agency has implemented a procedure that was not applicable. Indeed  the project is located in an area populated by the aras de lear  a brazilian parrot. A complementary environmental study is requested. 2023 OBJECTIVES CONFIRMED Voltalia recalls that its target of 2.6 GW of capacity in operation and under construction  which the Company had planned to reach by the end of 2023  was reached by the end of 202210  one year ahead of schedule. Voltalia reiterates its normalised EBITDA11 target for 2023  which is expected to be in the range of €275 to €300 million. 2027 AMBITIONS REAFFIRMED Last October  Voltalia defined a new growth plan for 2027  including the following ambitions: Owned operating and construction capacity: over 5 GW;Capacity operated on behalf of third parties: over 8 GW;Normalised EBITDA 12 : around €475 million;: around €475 million; CO 2 -equivalent avoided: over 4 million tonnes. Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements about Voltalia and its subsidiaries. These statements include financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  or future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""forecasts "" ""projects "" ""seeks "" ""strives "" ""aims "" ""hopes "" ""plans "" ""may "" ""goal "" ""objective "" ""projection "" ""outlook "" and other similar expressions. Although Voltalia's management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors and shareholders of the Group are cautioned that forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond Voltalia's control  that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include those discussed or identified in the public filings made by Voltalia with the Autorité des marchés financiers  including those listed in Chapter 2 ""Risk Factors and Risk Management"" of Voltalia's 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers on April 14  2023 under number D.23-0267 and in Chapter 5 ""Principal Risks and Trends"" of the 2022 interim financial report. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this press release and Voltalia undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking information or statements included in this press release to reflect any change in expectations or events  conditions or circumstances on which any such forward-looking statement is based. Any information regarding past performance contained in this press release should not be construed as a guarantee of future performance. Nothing in this press release should be construed as an investment recommendation or legal  tax  investment or accounting advice. Installed capacity as of March 31  2023 In MW Wind Solar Biomass Hydro Storage / Hybrid 31 March 2023 31 March 2022 Belgium 13.4 13.4 15.0 Brazil 732.3 347.5 12.0 1 091.8 766.3 Egypt 32.0 32.0 32.0 France 88.9 146.6 4.5 240.0 164.3 French Guiana 8.3 6.8 5.4 13.1 33.6 29.3 Greece 16.7 16.7 16.7 Hungaria 0.9 0.9 - Italy 15.3 15.3 13.0 Jordan 57.0 57.0 57.0 Portugal 36.1 36.1 20.0 Spain 10.6 10.6 8.0 United Kingdom 57.3 32.0 89.3 39.3 Total 821.2 741.7 6.8 9.9 57.1 1 636.7 1 160.9 Capacity under construction as of March 31  2023 Name of the project Capacity Techno. Country Canudos 1 99.4 Wind Brazil Rives Charentaises 37.4 Wind France Cafesoca 7.5 Hydro Brazil Bolebedu 148.0 Solar South Africa Karavasta 140.0 Solar Albania SSM 3-6 260.0 Solar Brazil Logelbach 12.1 Solar France Montclar 3.7 Solar France Sable Blanc 5.0 Solar French Guiana Garrido 36.4 Solar Portugal Clifton 45.0 Solar Great Britain Higher Stockbridge 45.0 Solar Great Britain Sinamary 11.0 Hydro /storage French Guiana Lercara Friddi 3.4 Solar Italy Helexia 0.4 Solar Belgium Helexia 66.4 Solar Brazil Helexia 9.1 Solar Spain Helexia 22.4 Solar France Helexia 22.8 Solar Hungary Helexia 1.5 Solar Italy Helexia 3.9 Solar Portugal Total (in MW) 980.4 Power production as of March 31  2023 In GWh Wind Solar Biomass Hydro Hybrid Q1 2023 Q1 2022 Belgium 1.5 1.5 2.1 Brazil 633.80 149.8 10.1 793.7 546.4 Egypt 17.4 17.4 17.2 Spain 2.8 2.8 1.8 France 39.5 31.5 0.1 71.1 61.5 French Guiana 2.1 9.8 11.9 12.0 Greece 5.6 5.6 1.8 Italy 4.9 4.9 4.2 Jordan 25.4 25.4 25.6 Portugal 5.4 5.4 4.4 United Kingdom 10.5 10.5 1.5 Total 673.3 256.9 9.8 0.1 10.1 950.2 678.5 Next on the agenda : Q2 2023 turnover on July 26  2023 (after market close) About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity from its wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities. It has 2 6 GW of capacity in operation and under construction and a portfolio of projects under development with a total capacity of 14 2 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its renewable energy custommers at every stage of their projects  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia offers a comprehensive range of services to businesses  from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of its own electricity.With more than 1 550 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally for its customers.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment A (FR0011995588 – VLTSA). The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  the index of responsible midcaps. VoltaliaInvestor relations : invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress relations : Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr - T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191 Estimated ""normalised EBITDA"" at December 31 2023  calculated with an average annual EUR/BRL exchange rate of 6.3 and a wind  solar and hydraulic resource corresponding to the long-term average.2 Estimated ""normalised EBITDA"" at December 31 2027  calculated with an average annual EUR/BRL exchange rate of 5.5 and a wind  solar and hydraulic resource corresponding to the long-term average.3 The above amounts are the sum of the consolidated data  rounded to the first decimal place.4 Calculated on a constant exchange rate basis with an average EUR/BRL exchange rate of 5.6 in Q1 2023 versus 5.9 in Q1 2022.5 As of March 31.6 Press release of April 18  20237 Press release of April 24  20238 Corporate Power Purchase Agreement : a long-term contract for the sale of renewable electricity that links the producer directly to the company that consumes the electricity.9 Press release of April 19  202310 Press release of January 4  202311 Estimated ""normalised EBITDA"" at December 31 2023  calculated with an average annual EUR/BRL exchange rate of 6.3 and a wind  solar and hydraulic resource corresponding to the long-term average.12 Estimated ""normalised EBITDA"" at December 31 2027  calculated with an average annual EUR/BRL exchange rate of 5.5 and a wind  solar and hydraulic resource corresponding to the long-term average. Attachment 042623_Voltalia_Q1 2023 turnover VDEFAll news about VOLTALIA SA 11:52a Global markets live: Barclays  Meta  Samsung  Walt Disney  Microsoft.. 04/26 Q1 2023 Turnover : 98.9 million GL 04/25 Global markets live: ABB  Bayer  UBS  Apple  Microsoft... 04/25 Voltalia Commissions 24-MW Wind Farm in France MT 04/24 Sud Vannier wind farm produces its first kilowatt hours GL 04/24 Sud Vannier wind farm produces its first kilowatt hours AQ 04/24 Voltalia Announces the Commissioning of Sud Vannier Wind Farm CI 04/24 EBRD leads financing for Albania's largest solar plant RE 04/20 France's Voltalia Appeals Against Permit Suspension for Wind Project in Brazil MT 04/19 Voltalia Sa : Voltalia to file an appeal against a preliminary decision to suspend permits.. GL Analyst Recommendations on VOLTALIA SA 2021 Analyst recommendations: Doximity  Flutter  Salesforce  Nordstro..",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Turnover', 'constant exchange rates4 Energy Sales', 'ENERGY SALES Operational indicators Q1', 'Carrières de Plaines', 'SSM1-2 solar power plants', 'current exchange rates Change', 'multiple email addresses', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'Solar load factor', 'power plant projects', 'Equipment Procurement segment', 'new third-party contracts', 'Wind load factor', 'wind power plants', 'third party customers', 'record first quarter', 'first quarter 2023 turnover', 'solar resources', 'third-party customers', 'third parties', 'projects progress', 'Operation-Maintenance segment', 'record level', 'third-party clients', 'wind conditions', 'First name', 'full-year effect', 'strong momentum', 'large part', '4 million tonnes', 'Euronext Paris', 'international player', 'renewable energies', 'recent months', 'Cap Sud', 'other countries', 'South Farm', 'United Kingdom', 'internal activity', 'significant milestones', 'vast majority', 'record capacity', 'Strong increase', 'EBITDA1 target', 'sustained increase', 'five-fold increase', 'Total turnover', 'internal services', 'Variation Production', 'Quarterly production', 'full production', 'Owned capacity', 'Helexia Agri', 'Q1 2023 Turnover', 'construction sites', '2023 EBITDA target', 'External turnover', '2022 commissioning Services', 'construction turnover', 'construction capacity', '5 GW Capacity', '40% increase', '2023 target', '2.6 GW', '1 GW', '8 GW', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'account', '31% decrease', 'teams', '2023 objectives', 'Achievement', 'schedule', 'Confirmation', '2027 ambitions', 'behalf', 'Voltalia', 'code', 'ISIN', 'Brazil', 'France', 'growth', 'ramp-up', 'strength', 'CEO', 'Eliminations', 'REVIEW', 'GWh', 'MW', 'Egypt', 'Jordania', '0.9 TWh', '0.7 TWh', 'improvement', 'end', 'March', 'Analysis', 'country', 'acquisition', 'Stavria', 'Greece', 'period', 'segments', 'Europe', 'whi', '€']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23815,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2655505/0/en/Q1-2023-Turnover-98-9-million.html,Q1 2023 Turnover: €98.9 million,Q1 2023 Turnover: €98.9 million  Strong increase in energy sales and internal services  Energy sales: +46%. A 40% increase in production thanks to...,"English FrenchQ1 2023 Turnover: €98.9 millionStrong increase in energy sales and internal servicesEnergy sales: +46%. A 40% increase in production thanks to better wind and solar resources and the full-year effect of the 2022 commissioningServices: +58%. Internal services multiplied by five  with a record level of construction sites for own account  but a 31% decrease in services to third-party clients  a one-off decrease  yet with a strong momentum (x2.5) in capacity under construction for third-party clientsAfter eliminating Internal Services  which mobilized a large part of the teams during the quarter  turnover up +4%Capacity in operation and construction2.6 GW in operation and under construction (+31%)  including 1 GW under construction2023 objectives confirmedAchievement of the 2023 target of 2.6 GW of capacity in operation and under construction in 2022  one year ahead of scheduleConfirmation of normalised EBITDA1 target of €275-300 million2027 ambitions reaffirmedOwned capacity in operation and under construction: over 5 GWCapacity operated on behalf of third parties: over 8 GWNormalised EBITDA 2 : around €475 million: around €475 million CO 2 -equivalent avoided: over 4 million tonnesVoltalia (Euronext Paris  code ISIN : FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  publishes its first quarter 2023 turnover.“ The quarter was marked by a sustained increase in energy sales. It was a record first quarter thanks to commissioning in recent months and better wind conditions  both in Brazil and in France. In Services  growth was driven by internal services  reflecting the ramp-up of the power plant projects to be commissioned this year. On the strength of this first quarter  we reaffirm our 2023 EBITDA target and our 2027 ambitions ”  commented Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.Q1 2023 TURNOVERIn € million3 Q1 2023 Q1 2022 ChangeAt current exchange rates ChangeAt constant exchange rates4 Energy Sales 62.9 43.0 +46% +41% Services 101.9 64.7 +58% +55% Eliminations -65.9 -12.4 x5 x5 Turnover 98.9 95.3 +4% 0%ACTIVITY REVIEWTotal turnover for Q1 2023 amounted to €98.9 million  up +4% (stable at constant exchange rates). Energy Sales and Services (after eliminations) contributed to respectively 64% and 36% of the quarter's turnover.ENERGY SALESOperational indicators Q1 2023 Q1 2022 Variation Production (in GWh) 950 678 +40% Installed capacity (in MW) 1 637 1 161 +41% Installed and under construction capacity (in MW)5 2 617 2 001 +31% Wind load factor in Brazil 40% 33% +7pts Solar load factor in Brazil 21% - - Wind load factor in France 29% 27% +2pts Solar load factor in France 13% 14% -1pt Solar load factor in Egypt 23% 23% - Solar load factor in Jordania 20% 21% -1ptQ1 2023 turnover from Energy Sales reached €62.9 million  up +46% (+41% at constant exchange rates) compared to Q1 2022.Quarterly production amounted to 0.9 TWh compared to 0.7 TWh in 2022  reflecting the improvement in wind and solar resources and the increase in installed capacity in operation to 1 637 MW (+41%) at the end of March 2023.Analysis by countryIn Brazil  production increased by +45% to 794 MWh  benefiting in particular from the full production of the SSM1-2 solar power plants (320 MW)  which was commissioned progressively in 2022  and from better wind conditions at the wind power plants;In France  production increased by +4%  benefiting from the commissioning in 2022 of Carrières de Plaines (8.9 MW) and the acquisition of Cap Sud by Helexia in March 2022 (renamed Helexia Agri);In other countries  Voltalia benefits from the growth of Helexia  as well as the commissioning of South Farm in the United Kingdom (49.9 MW) and Stavria in Greece (12 MW).SERVICESQ1 2023 turnover from Services (internal and external) reached €101.9 million  up +58% (+55% at constant exchange rates) compared to Q1 2022.The Development  Construction and Equipment Procurement segment increased by +61% to €92.9 million  thanks to a five-fold increase in internal activity over the period  reflecting the record capacity under construction for own account  which amounted to 980 MW at the end of March 2023. External turnover from these segments on behalf of third-party customers decreased by 38% to €30.2 million. Although more than 580 MW are currently under construction for third party customers (x2.5 vs Q1 2022)  few significant milestones have yet been reached during the period  as Voltalia recognizes construction turnover as projects progress.The Operation-Maintenance segment increased by +31% to €9.0 million (+31% at constant exchange rates) thanks to the strong momentum of new third-party contracts won in Europe and Brazil.Eliminations of turnover in Q1 2023 amounted to €65.9 million (x5 at current and constant exchange rates)  reflecting the strong increase in internal services for plants under construction  the vast majority of which are due to be commissioned before the end of 2023  and in operation.RECENT DEVELOPMENTS (SELECTION)Mandate with IFC for the financing of the Dwangwa solar power plant in Malawi 6Voltalia has signed a mandate with IFC (International Finance Corporation)  the private sector arm of the World Bank Group  to finance the Dwangwa project in Malawi (55 MW of solar power and 10 MW of battery storage). The electricity will be sold under a 20-year contract with Electricity Supply Corporation of Malawi Ltd  the state-owned electricity transmission and distribution company.The Sud Vannier wind farm produces its first kilowatt hours7Voltalia is continuing to establish itself in the Grand Est region with the commissioning of its Sud Vannier wind farm. With a capacity of 23.6 MW  the project is the third wind farm in the northeast quarter of France after those of Sarry (23.1 MW) and Molinons (10 MW). The production is sold to Leroy Merlin under a 23-year contract  the first corporate PPA8 for wind power in France.Appeal of a preliminary decision to suspend permits for the Canudos project in Brazil9The preliminary judicial decision relates to the permits for the Canudos wind farms  located in the state of Bahia  and currently under construction with a total capacity of 99.4 MW. According to the decision  the environmental agency has implemented a procedure that was not applicable. Indeed  the project is located in an area populated by the aras de lear  a brazilian parrot. A complementary environmental study is requested.2023 OBJECTIVES CONFIRMEDVoltalia recalls that its target of 2.6 GW of capacity in operation and under construction  which the Company had planned to reach by the end of 2023  was reached by the end of 202210  one year ahead of schedule.Voltalia reiterates its normalised EBITDA11 target for 2023  which is expected to be in the range of €275 to €300 million.2027 AMBITIONS REAFFIRMEDLast October  Voltalia defined a new growth plan for 2027  including the following ambitions:Owned operating and construction capacity: over 5 GW;Capacity operated on behalf of third parties: over 8 GW;Normalised EBITDA 12 : around €475 million;: around €475 million; CO 2 -equivalent avoided: over 4 million tonnes.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements about Voltalia and its subsidiaries. These statements include financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  or future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""forecasts "" ""projects "" ""seeks "" ""strives "" ""aims "" ""hopes "" ""plans "" ""may "" ""goal "" ""objective "" ""projection "" ""outlook "" and other similar expressions. Although Voltalia's management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors and shareholders of the Group are cautioned that forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond Voltalia's control  that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include those discussed or identified in the public filings made by Voltalia with the Autorité des marchés financiers  including those listed in Chapter 2 ""Risk Factors and Risk Management"" of Voltalia's 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers on April 14  2023 under number D.23-0267 and in Chapter 5 ""Principal Risks and Trends"" of the 2022 interim financial report. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this press release and Voltalia undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking information or statements included in this press release to reflect any change in expectations or events  conditions or circumstances on which any such forward-looking statement is based. Any information regarding past performance contained in this press release should not be construed as a guarantee of future performance. Nothing in this press release should be construed as an investment recommendation or legal  tax  investment or accounting advice.Installed capacity as of March 31  2023In MW Wind Solar Biomass Hydro Storage / Hybrid 31 March 2023 31 March 2022 Belgium 13.4 13.4 15.0 Brazil 732.3 347.5 12.0 1 091.8 766.3 Egypt 32.0 32.0 32.0 France 88.9 146.6 4.5 240.0 164.3 French Guiana 8.3 6.8 5.4 13.1 33.6 29.3 Greece 16.7 16.7 16.7 Hungaria 0.9 0.9 - Italy 15.3 15.3 13.0 Jordan 57.0 57.0 57.0 Portugal 36.1 36.1 20.0 Spain 10.6 10.6 8.0 United Kingdom 57.3 32.0 89.3 39.3 Total 821.2 741.7 6.8 9.9 57.1 1 636.7 1 160.9Capacity under construction as of March 31  2023Name of the project Capacity Techno. Country Canudos 1 99.4 Wind Brazil Rives Charentaises 37.4 Wind France Cafesoca 7.5 Hydro Brazil Bolebedu 148.0 Solar South Africa Karavasta 140.0 Solar Albania SSM 3-6 260.0 Solar Brazil Logelbach 12.1 Solar France Montclar 3.7 Solar France Sable Blanc 5.0 Solar French Guiana Garrido 36.4 Solar Portugal Clifton 45.0 Solar Great Britain Higher Stockbridge 45.0 Solar Great Britain Sinamary 11.0 Hydro /storage French Guiana Lercara Friddi 3.4 Solar Italy Helexia 0.4 Solar Belgium Helexia 66.4 Solar Brazil Helexia 9.1 Solar Spain Helexia 22.4 Solar France Helexia 22.8 Solar Hungary Helexia 1.5 Solar Italy Helexia 3.9 Solar Portugal Total (in MW) 980.4Power production as of March 31  2023In GWh Wind Solar Biomass Hydro Hybrid Q1 2023 Q1 2022 Belgium 1.5 1.5 2.1 Brazil 633.80 149.8 10.1 793.7 546.4 Egypt 17.4 17.4 17.2 Spain 2.8 2.8 1.8 France 39.5 31.5 0.1 71.1 61.5 French Guiana 2.1 9.8 11.9 12.0 Greece 5.6 5.6 1.8 Italy 4.9 4.9 4.2 Jordan 25.4 25.4 25.6 Portugal 5.4 5.4 4.4 United Kingdom 10.5 10.5 1.5 Total 673.3 256.9 9.8 0.1 10.1 950.2 678.5Next on the agenda : Q2 2023 turnover on July 26  2023 (after market close)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity from its wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities. It has 2 6 GW of capacity in operation and under construction and a portfolio of projects under development with a total capacity of 14 2 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its renewable energy custommers at every stage of their projects  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia offers a comprehensive range of services to businesses  from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of its own electricity.With more than 1 550 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally for its customers.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment A (FR0011995588 – VLTSA). The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  the index of responsible midcaps. VoltaliaInvestor relations : invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPress relations : Jennifer Julliajjullia@actifin.fr - T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191 Estimated ""normalised EBITDA"" at December 31 2023  calculated with an average annual EUR/BRL exchange rate of 6.3 and a wind  solar and hydraulic resource corresponding to the long-term average.2 Estimated ""normalised EBITDA"" at December 31 2027  calculated with an average annual EUR/BRL exchange rate of 5.5 and a wind  solar and hydraulic resource corresponding to the long-term average.3 The above amounts are the sum of the consolidated data  rounded to the first decimal place.4 Calculated on a constant exchange rate basis with an average EUR/BRL exchange rate of 5.6 in Q1 2023 versus 5.9 in Q1 2022.5 As of March 31.6 Press release of April 18  20237 Press release of April 24  20238 Corporate Power Purchase Agreement : a long-term contract for the sale of renewable electricity that links the producer directly to the company that consumes the electricity.9 Press release of April 19  202310 Press release of January 4  202311 Estimated ""normalised EBITDA"" at December 31 2023  calculated with an average annual EUR/BRL exchange rate of 6.3 and a wind  solar and hydraulic resource corresponding to the long-term average.12 Estimated ""normalised EBITDA"" at December 31 2027  calculated with an average annual EUR/BRL exchange rate of 5.5 and a wind  solar and hydraulic resource corresponding to the long-term average.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.7,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['Turnover', 'constant exchange rates4 Energy Sales', 'Carrières de Plaines', 'SSM1-2 solar power plants', 'current exchange rates Change', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'Solar load factor', 'power plant projects', 'Equipment Procurement segment', 'new third-party contracts', 'Wind load factor', 'wind power plants', 'normalised EBITDA1 target', 'third party customers', 'record first quarter', 'first quarter 2023 turnover', 'solar resources', 'third-party customers', 'third parties', 'projects progress', 'Operation-Maintenance segment', 'record level', 'third-party clients', 'wind conditions', 'English French', 'full-year effect', 'strong momentum', 'large part', '4 million tonnes', 'Euronext Paris', 'international player', 'renewable energies', 'recent months', 'Operational indicators', 'Cap Sud', 'other countries', 'South Farm', 'United Kingdom', 'internal activity', 'significant milestones', 'vast majority', 'RECENT DEVELOPMENTS', 'Strong increase', 'sustained increase', 'five-fold increase', 'record capacity', 'Total turnover', 'External turnover', 'internal services', '2023 EBITDA target', 'Variation Production', 'Quarterly production', 'full production', 'Helexia Agri', 'construction sites', 'Q1 2023 turnover', '2022 commissioning Services', 'construction turnover', 'construction capacity', '5 GW Capacity', '2023 target', '40% increase', '2.6 GW', '1 GW', '8 GW', 'account', '31% decrease', 'teams', '2023 objectives', 'Achievement', 'schedule', 'Confirmation', '2027 ambitions', 'behalf', 'Voltalia', 'code', 'ISIN', 'Brazil', 'France', 'growth', 'ramp-up', 'strength', 'CEO', 'Eliminations', 'REVIEW', 'GWh', 'MW', 'Egypt', 'Jordania', '0.9 TWh', '0.7 TWh', 'improvement', 'end', 'March', 'Analysis', 'country', 'acquisition', 'Stavria', 'Greece', 'period', 'segments', 'Europe', 'SELECTION', 'Mandate', 'IFC', 'financing', 'Dwangw', '€']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23816,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2654628/0/en/Worldline-Q1-2023-revenue-Press-Release.html,Worldline - Q1 2023 revenue - Press Release,Solid Q1 2023 revenueQ1 2023 revenue: € 1 070 million+9.2% organically fuelled by +12.6% in Merchant Services  Strategic transaction with Crédit......,English FrenchSolid Q1 2023 revenueQ1 2023 revenue: € 1 070 million+9.2% organically fuelled by +12.6% in Merchant ServicesStrategic transaction with Crédit Agricole1Objective to create a major player in the attractive French payment market2023 objectives confirmed8% to 10% organic revenue growthAbove 100 bps OMDA margin improvement vs. 2022 pro forma46% to 48% OMDA conversion to FCFParis La Défense  26 April 2023 – Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  today announces its revenue for the first quarter of 2023.Gilles Grapinet  CEO of Worldline  said: “During the first quarter of the year  Worldline executed a solid start of the year with +9.2% organic growth  driven by our commercial acquiring activities benefiting from the underlying cash-to-card trend coupled with a strong operational performance materializing in commercial dynamics and market share gains. This represents another proof point of the power of the combination with Ingenico.Continuing on the execution of its strategic roadmap  we entered into exclusive discussions with Crédit Agricole for a strategic long-term partnership combining our merchant services capabilities  with the joint ambition to create a major player able to deliver premier services to all merchants operating in France1. Crédit Agricole unique distribution network and acquiring market leaderships is a perfect fit with Worldline’s state-of-the-art products  technology and services  at scale. The combination will be a key differentiating factor for our customers and a landmark transaction for Worldline. Through this strategic partnership  we intend to invest together with Crédit Agricole into an ambitious and differentiating innovation roadmap leveraging the Worldline leading-edge global value proposition.Structured primarily as a contribution in kind of our respective technological capabilities  commercial footprint and distribution capabilities to a joint company  this major contemplated transaction fully preserves our balance sheet and financial and strategic flexibility.Based on this strong start of the year  the Group confirm its 2023 objectives and reaffirms its 2024 ambition as well as its strategic project to establish itself as a premium global Paytech and the leading consolidator of the European payment industry.”Q1 2023 revenue by Global Business LineIn € million Q1 2023 Q1 2022* Organic change Merchant Services 758 673 +12.6% Financial Services 228 223 +2.3% Mobility & e-Transactional Services 84 84 0.0% Worldline 1 070 980 +9.2%* at constant scope and exchange ratesWorldline’s Q1 2023 revenue reached € 1 070 million  representing a +9.2% organic growth. This achievement was notably reached thanks to the solid growth in Merchant Services at +12.6% organically  fueled by payment volumes both instore and online in commercial acquiring activities. Financial Services was up by +2.3%  a performance in line with anticipated full year trajectory with good commercial developments and the beginning of the ramp-up phase of new contracts. Finally  Mobility & e-Transactional Services benefited of a solid underlying growth but remained impacted  as already disclosed  by the re-insourcing of a secured mail telco operator contract end of H1 22  leading to an overall flat performance in Q1 2023.Merchant ServicesMerchant Services’ revenue in Q1 2023 reached € 758 million  representing a solid organic growth by +12.6%. This solid performance was led by the steady acquiring MSV growth by +13% in Q1 2023 compared to the same period last year  reaching € 100 billion. The very good start of newly integrated Italian and Greek activities fueled by new customers onboarding and steady cash-to-card conversion also contributed. By division  the growth was mainly led by:Commercial Acquiring: Strong double-digit growth with almost all geographies and customer segments contributing with a steady growth in transaction volumes (+13%) in both instore (+11%) and online (+19%).Payment Acceptance: Single digit growth led by Global Sales & Vertical while Digital Commerce benefitted from a continuous recovery of travel related verticals (existing business and new wins) but continued to face to the impact of the stop of Russian activities this quarter. Digital Services: Mid-single digit growth with a solid performance in our key countries related to retailers’ activities.During the first quarter of the year  commercial activity in Merchant Services materialized in numerous wins for both Commercial Acquiring and Payment Acceptance  in-store and online  with among others  Correos  Turkish Airlines  flowbird  wallee  and 6Play (part of RTL Group).Financial ServicesWith Q1 2023 revenue reaching € 228 million and a +2.3% organic growth  Financial Services delivered a performance in line with good commercial developments and the beginning of the ramp-up phase of new contracts. The performance by division was the following:Card-based payment processing activities (Issuing Processing and Acquiring Processing altogether: Positive growth driven by good dynamics in Benelux  France and Finland (improved transaction volumes) and the ramp-up of project activity on the ING contract.Account Payments: Solid growth with strong volumes in Germany. Digital Banking: Soft performance with a good dynamic in France (volumes increase and new business)  offsetting a softer performance in the Netherlands.Financial Services has a significant commercial pipeline of new projects and signed several contracts in Q1 such as  among others  the ones with BNP Paribas and TFBank.Mobility & e-Transactional ServicesRevenue in Mobility & e-Transactional Services reached € 84 million  stable organically as the solid underlying growth was offset by a high comparison and the effect of the re-insourcing of a secured mail telco operator contract end of H1 2022  as already disclosed. The performance by division was the following:Trusted Digitization: Steady double-digit growth driven by France (strong volumes from energy subsidies) and new projects.e-Ticketing: High-single digit growth fueled by increased volumes in transportation and ramp-up of Weca contract signed in Q4 2022. Finally  e-Consumer & Mobility: Organic decline despite the contribution of the new contract signed with SNCF (the French railway national organization) not able to offset the re-insourcing of a French telco operator contract.Commercial activity in Mobility & e-Transactional Services was strong in Q1  in particular with the signature of a contract with SNCF (the French railway national organization) for the delivery of an omnichannel Cloud Contact Center solution to manage 11m customer phone calls per year  as well as a multiyear contract with VDV (Die Verkehrs-unternehmen) on MMS (secured ticket info) for eTickets in Germany.Worldline entered into exclusive discussions with Crédit Agricole2Leveraging Worldline’s vertical expertise and Crédit Agricole’s strong distribution networks and deep French market presence  the contemplated partnership would offer a state-of-the-art combination of technological and commercial offerings at scale allowing to adequately respond to any type of evolving merchant needs.The joint-company would be majority owned (50% of total capital plus one share) and fully consolidated by Worldline and would be in charge of leveraging Worldline’s global processing power and of developing all the innovative products dedicated to the French market. The joint-company would also be in charge of the commercial development of the alliance  both directly for largest merchants in particular  and indirectly by providing an active support to the bank distribution channels.The partnership will start with a joint € 80 million investment equally supported over 2023-2024. It will be focused on products localization and pre-launch costs. The joint company will start to generate revenue and OMDA early 2025. Total transaction costs and 2023-2024 phasing of cash investments required for the set-up of the contemplated joint company are under discussions.2023 objectives confirmedRevenue organic growth : +8% to +10%: +8% to +10% OMDA margin : Above 100 bps OMDA margin improvement vs. 2022 pro forma Free cash flow : 46% to 48% OMDA conversion rate: Above 100 bps OMDA margin improvement vs. 2022 pro forma2023 objectives are based on unchanged macro-economic situation.2024 ambition reiteratedThe Group ambitions to deliver:Revenue organic growth : +9% to +11% CAGR over the 2022-2024 period: +9% to +11% CAGR over the 2022-2024 period OMDA margin : above 400 basis points improvement over the 2022-2024 period  trending towards 30% of revenue by 2024 Free cash flow : circa 50% OMDA conversion rate: above 400 basis points improvement over the 2022-2024 period  trending towards 30% of revenue by 2024AppendicesRECONCILIATION OF Q1 2022 STATUTORY REVENUE WITH Q1 2022 REVENUE AT CONSTANT SCOPE AND EXCHANGE RATESFor the analysis of the Group’s performance  revenue for Q1 2023 is compared to Q1 2022 revenue at constant scope and exchange rates as presented below per Global Business Lines:In € million Q1 2022 Scope effect** Exchange rates effect Q1 2022* Merchant Services 627 +49.9 -3.9 673 Financial Services 223 -0.1 +0.8 223 Mobility & e-Transactional Services 90 -4.9 -0.9 84 Worldline 939 +44.9 -4.0 980* at constant scope and March 2023 YTD average exchange rates** at December 2022 YTD average exchange ratesExchanges rates effect in Q1 were mainly due to the Euro appreciation while scope effects are related to the consolidation of ANZ and Eurobank on the one side  and the disposal of Mobility & e-Transactional Services activities in Latin America as well as the impacts of the disposal of TSS on the other side.2022 ESTIMATED PRO FORMAFor the analysis of the Group’s organic performance  revenue and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) in 2023 are compared with 2022 revenue and OMDA at constant scope and exchange rates. FY 2022 estimated pro forma is presented below (per Global Business Lines):Estimated proforma revenue Estimated proforma OMDA OMDA% In € million Q1 Q2 H1 Q3 Q4 H2 2022 H1 H2 2022 H1 H2 2022 Merchant Services 673 752 1 425 810 827 1 637 3 062 340 503 842 23.8% 30.7% 27.5% Financial Services 223 235 459 240 259 499 957 129 154 283 28.1% 30.9% 29.6% Mobility & e-Transactional Services 84 87 171 81 88 169 340 22 24 45 12.6% 14.0% 13.3% Corporate costs - - - - - - - -32 -29 -61 -1.6% -1.3% -1.4% Worldline 980 1 075 2 055 1 131 1 175 2 305 4 360 458 652 1 110 22.3% 28.3% 25.4%* at constant scope and March 2023 YTD average exchange ratesMain components of the scope effects on 2022 estimated pro forma:ANZ added contribution of 3 months (integrated for 9 months in 2022 reported)Eurobank added contribution of 6 months (integrated for 6 months in 2022 reported)Disposal of Mobility & e-Transactional Services activities in Latin America for 11 months (excluded for 1 month in 2022 reported) Impacts of the disposal of TSSFORTHCOMING EVENTSJune 8  2023 Annual General Shareholders’ MeetingJuly 26  2023 H1 2023 results October 25  2023 Q3 2023 revenueINVESTOR RELATIONSLaurent MarieT +33 7 84 50 18 90E laurent.marie@worldline.comBenoit d’AmécourtT +33 6 75 51 41 47E benoit.damecourt@worldline.comCOMMUNICATIONSandrine van der GhinstT +32 499 585 380E sandrine.vanderghinst@worldline.comHélène CarlanderT +33 7 72 25 96 04E helene.carlander@worldline.comABOUT WORLDLINEWorldline [Euronext: WLN] helps businesses of all shapes and sizes to accelerate their growth journey – quickly  simply  and securely. With advanced payments technology  local expertise and solutions customised for hundreds of markets and industries  Worldline powers the growth of over one million businesses around the world. Worldline generated a 4.4 billion euros revenue in 2022. worldline.comWorldline’s corporate purpose (“raison d’être”) is to design and operate leading digital payment and transactional solutions that enable sustainable economic growth and reinforce trust and security in our societies. Worldline makes them environmentally friendly  widely accessible  and supports social transformation.DISCLAIMERThis document contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties  including references  concerning the Group's expected growth and profitability in the future which may significantly impact the expected performance indicated in the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are linked to factors out of the control of the Company and not precisely estimated  such as market conditions or competitors’ behaviors. Any forward-looking statements made in this document are statements about Worldline’s beliefs and expectations and should be evaluated as such. Forward-looking statements include statements that may relate to Worldline’s plans  objectives  strategies  goals  future events  future revenues or synergies  or performance  and other information that is not historical information. Actual events or results may differ from those described in this document due to a number of risks and uncertainties that are described within the 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 25  2022 under the filling number: D.22-0342  and its Amendment filed on July 29  2022 under the filling number: D. 21-0342-A01.Revenue organic growth and Operating Margin before Depreciation and Amortization (OMDA) improvement are presented at constant scope and exchange rate. OMDA is presented as defined in the 2021 Universal Registration Document. All amounts are presented in € million without decimal. This may in certain circumstances lead to non-material differences between the sum of the figures and the subtotals that appear in the tables. 2023 objectives are expressed at constant scope and exchange rates and according to Group’s accounting standards.Worldline does not undertake  and specifically disclaims  any obligation or responsibility to update or amend any of the information above except as otherwise required by law.This document is disseminated for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to purchase  or a solicitation of an offer to sell  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any U.S. state  or are exempt from registration. The securities that may be offered in any transaction have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act or the securities laws of any U.S. state and Worldline does not intend to make a public offering of any such securities in the United States.1 Contemplated project subject to both parties’ works council consultation and to customary regulatory approvals2 Contemplated project subject to both parties’ works council consultation and to customary regulatory approvalAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.73,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['Q1 2023 revenue', 'Press Release', 'Worldline', 'English French Solid Q1 2023 revenue Q1 2023 revenue', 'Worldline leading-edge global value proposition', 'Paris La Défense', 'mail telco operator contract', 'attractive French payment market', 'Crédit Agricole1 Objective', 'Card-based payment processing activities', 'Organic change Merchant Services', '8% to 10% organic revenue growth', 'market share gains', 'premium global Paytech', 'travel related verticals', 'European payment industry', 'respective technological capabilities', 'OMDA margin improvement', 'unique distribution network', 'key differentiating factor', 'differentiating innovation roadmap', 'Single digit growth', 'solid organic growth', 'Merchant Services’ revenue', 'Strong double-digit growth', 'overall flat performance', 'good commercial developments', 'strategic long-term partnership', 'strong operational performance', 'commercial acquiring activities', 'solid underlying growth', 'merchant services capabilities', 'full year trajectory', 'Global Business Line', 'solid growth', '+9.2% organic growth', '+2.3% organic growth', 'distribution capabilities', 'Acquiring Processing', 'global leader', 'solid start', 'market leaderships', 'Global Sales', 'payment services', 'solid performance', 'payment volumes', 'Payment Acceptance', 'strategic roadmap', 'strategic partnership', 'strong start', 'Greek activities', 'Russian activities', 'retailers’ activities', 'Issuing Processing', '48% OMDA conversion', 'existing business', 'key countries', 'commercial dynamics', 'commercial footprint', 'commercial activity', 'MSV growth', 'Positive growth', 'good start', 'premier services', 'Transactional Services', 'Digital Services', 'strategic flexibility', 'strategic project', 'steady growth', 'first quarter', 'Gilles Grapinet', 'card trend', 'proof point', 'exclusive discussions', 'perfect fit', 'art products', 'joint company', 'balance sheet', 'leading consolidator', 'constant scope', 'exchange rates', 'ramp-up phase', 'new contracts', 'same period', 'card conversion', 'customer segments', 'Digital Commerce', 'continuous recovery', 'new wins', 'numerous wins', 'Turkish Airlines', 'Financial Services', 'Strategic transaction', 'landmark transaction', 'transaction volumes', 'major player', 'steady cash', 'joint ambition', 'new customers', 'RTL Group', '46% to', '2024 ambition', '2023 objectives', '100 bps', 'FCF', 'April', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'CEO', 'power', 'combination', 'Ingenico', 'execution', 'merchants', 'France', 'state', 'technology', 'scale', 'ambitious', 'contribution', 'kind', 'Mobility', 'achievement', 'beginning', 'insourcing', 'secured', 'H1', 'Italian', 'division', 'geographies', 'instore', 'impact', 'stop', 'others', 'Correos', 'flowbird', 'wallee', '6Play', '2022', '€']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23817,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/huma-and-ucb-partner-to-provide-digital-health-solution-to-improve-management-of-the-rare-disease-myasthenia-gravis-301806856.html,Huma and UCB partner to provide digital health solution to improve management of the rare disease  Myasthenia gravis,Project aims to improve patient outcomes through better clinical management of disease exacerbations using self-reported data Exciting opportunity to improve education and empowerment and for patients to be active participants in their own care Huma's EU MDR …,"Project aims to improve patient outcomes through better clinical management of disease exacerbations using self-reported dataExciting opportunity to improve education and empowerment and for patients to be active participants in their own careHuma's EU MDR Class IIb regulated Software as Medical Device technology will advance proactive  predictive  personalised care for people with a rare diseaseNEW YORK and LONDON  April 26  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Huma Therapeutics (""Huma"")  a leading global digital health company  and UCB  a global biopharmaceutical company  are partnering to offer a digital technology solution to help patients with the rare disease  Myasthenia gravis (MG)  better understand and manage their condition with the support of their clinician. The digital platform is launching in Europe ahead of international expansion.The technology platform is founded on Huma's EU MDR Class IIb regulated Software as a Medical Device (SaMD) - the only disease agnostic SaMD to receive this level of EU MDR regulatory classification to-date. It will provide patients with access to MG-specific  trusted educational materials  and the ability to report and track their symptoms over time using the MG-Activities of Daily Living Scale (MG-ADL)[1]. These data are shared with clinicians through a web-based dashboard to detect exacerbations in symptoms early and intervene where necessary. Identifying exacerbation triggers will support proactive clinical decision-making and should improve patient experience. Patients can download summary reports of their health data to discuss with their clinician to maximise in-person consultations.Dan Vahdat  CEO and Founder of Huma  said: ""There has been a huge growth in drug development for rare diseases and creating treatments for this population requires a greater degree of personalisation  which is exactly what our digital health platform provides. Our new classification of Class IIb level regulation means that we can work more collaboratively and in a shorter time frame with our pharma partners to launch solutions with predictive algorithms that can have a major impact for patients at the individual level  that's why our approach is revolutionary. We're excited to partner with UCB and be able to bring benefit to rare disease patients again  which is where we began when the company launched over a decade ago.""The partnership is part of UCB's approach to offer a patient-centred approach to transform the way care is delivered to rare disease populations in a meaningful  tangible  and real-world setting.Charl van Zyl  Executive Vice President Neurology & Head Of Europe/International Markets at UCB  said: ""UCB is working to enable people with rare diseases to live the best life that they can. Symptoms of Myasthenia gravis can vary greatly and each person experiences the disease in a uniquely personal way. We believe that innovations in digital health solutions can offer the necessary personalised support  education  and resources for each patient.""Colin Lake  Vice President  Head of Digital Care Transformation  Neurology  Head of Digital Rare Disease UCB  said: ""This digital solution is an important first step in demonstrating UCB's commitment to the rare disease community. We are beginning in Myasthenia gravis and we have the ambition to expand to other rare diseases. We're delighted to work with Huma as we believe that partnerships are key to creating the best-in-class patient experience for patients across the rare disease community.""About HumaHuma Therapeutics is a global digital health technology company that advances digital-first care delivery and research to help people live longer  fuller lives. Huma's award-winning modular platforms are used by more than 3 000 hospitals and clinics  with 1.8+ million active users in healthcare and 650 000+ participants across research. Huma's regulated Software as a Medical Device is the only disease agnostic platform to hold EU MDR Class IIb certification status. It powers:Digital first care for health systemscompanion apps to support patients through treatment and drug therapiesvirtual clinical trials to accelerate researchPlease visit www.huma.com and follow us on LinkedIn at HumaAbout UCBUCB  Brussels  Belgium (www.ucb.com) is a global biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of innovative medicines and solutions to transform the lives of people living with severe diseases of the immune system or the central nervous system. With approximately 8 700 people in approximately 40 countries  the company generated revenue of € 5.5 billion in 2022. UCB is listed on Euronext Brussels (symbol: UCB).Media contacts:Contact (Huma):Karen Birmingham PhDHead of PR & Communications  Huma[email protected]Contact (UCB):Jim BaxterBrand Communications  Rare DiseasesT+32.2.473.78.85.01[email protected][1] Talking  chewing  breathing  swallowing  impaired ability to brush teeth or comb hair  impaired ability to rise from a chair  double vision  eyelid droop.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1427908/Huma_Logo.jpgSOURCE HUMA Therapeutics",neutral,0.06,0.76,0.19,mixed,0.6,0.13,0.27,True,English,"['digital health solution', 'UCB partner', 'rare disease', 'Myasthenia gravis', 'Huma', 'management', 'EU MDR Class IIb certification status', 'EU MDR Class IIb regulated Software', 'leading global digital health company', 'EU MDR regulatory classification', 'global digital health technology company', 'Class IIb level regulation', 'MG-specific, trusted educational materials', '1.8+ million active users', 'proactive, predictive, personalised care', 'Executive Vice President Neurology', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Digital Rare Disease UCB', 'proactive clinical decision-making', 'digital health platform', 'digital technology solution', 'Daily Living Scale', 'Charl van Zyl', 'important first step', 'award-winning modular platforms', 'Karen Birmingham PhD', 'Digital Care Transformation', 'Digital first care', 'virtual clinical trials', 'necessary personalised support', 'digital-first care delivery', 'central nervous system', 'digital health solutions', 'rare disease populations', 'rare disease community', 'disease agnostic platform', 'shorter time frame', 'Medical Device technology', 'other rare diseases', 'disease agnostic SaMD', 'rare disease patients', 'digital platform', 'digital solution', 'technology platform', 'health systems', 'active participants', 'health data', 'new classification', 'predictive algorithms', 'clinical management', 'immune system', 'individual level', 'severe diseases', 'disease exacerbations', 'Exciting opportunity', 'NEW YORK', 'Myasthenia gravis', 'international expansion', 'web-based dashboard', 'exacerbation triggers', 'summary reports', 'Dan Vahdat', 'huge growth', 'greater degree', 'major impact', 'real-world setting', 'International Markets', 'best life', 'Colin Lake', '650,000+ participants', 'companion apps', 'drug therapies', 'innovative medicines', 'Media contacts', 'Jim Baxter', 'double vision', 'eyelid droop', 'patient outcomes', 'patient experience', 'self-reported data', 'person consultations', 'drug development', 'personal way', 'fuller lives', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Brand Communications', 'patient-centred approach', 'impaired ability', 'Huma Therapeutics', 'Project', 'better', 'empowerment', 'people', 'LONDON', 'April', 'condition', 'clinician', 'Europe', 'access', 'symptoms', 'MG-Activities', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'treatments', 'personalisation', 'partners', 'benefit', 'Head', 'innovations', 'resources', 'commitment', 'ambition', 'research', '3,000 hospitals', 'clinics', 'healthcare', 'LinkedIn', 'Belgium', 'discovery', '40 countries', 'revenue', 'symbol', 'teeth', 'hair', 'Logo']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,prnewswire.com
23818,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/04/26/crh-says-investor-backing-for-us-listing-strong-as-earnings-rise/,CRH says investor backing for US listing ‘strong’ as earnings rise,Group sales rose by 7% despite small decline in European revenues,CRH  led by chief executive Albert Manifold  is planning to drop its Irish stock market quotation as it moves its main listing from London to the US. Photograph: Cyril ByrneCRH  the Dublin-based building materials giant  said investors have signalled “strong support” for its plan to move its main stock market listing to the US  as it prepares to put the matter to a formal shareholder vote in June.The group also said in a trading update issued on Wednesday  a day before its annual general meeting  that it also had a “positive start” to the current year  with first-quarter sales and earnings ahead of the same period in 2022  even amid unfavourable weather on both sides of the Atlantic and a drop in revenues in its European units.“Looking ahead  despite some ongoing macroeconomic uncertainties and an inflationary cost environment  we expect first-half sales  ebitda and margin to be ahead of the prior year period ” said chief executive Albert Manifold. Ebitda  which refers to earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortisation  came to $2.2 billion (€2 billion) in the first half of last year.CRH  the largest company on the Irish stock market  confirmed to The Irish Times earlier this month that it is planning to quit the Dublin exchange as it seeks to ensure that it will be eligible for inclusion on an influential US stock market index  known to be the S&P 500.READ MOREThe move will come as a massive blow to Irish stockbrokers and Euronext Dublin  the operator of the Irish market  who had been hoping CRH would retain its secondary listing in the Republic even as it advanced a plan to move its primary stock quotation from London to New York. CRH now generates three-quarters of its earnings in North America.The building materials giant will remain headquartered and tax resident in Ireland. However  it is believed its advisers think it would be easier for the S&P 500 committee to include the company on the benchmark index if it were not also listed in Dublin  where most of the trading volume in the stock takes place.“Since the initial announcement [in March]  we have engaged extensively with our shareholders to explain the rationale for our recommendation. After careful consideration of the feedback received and based on the strong support indicated by our shareholders  we will now seek formal approval for the listing change from shareholders at an extraordinary general meeting to be held on 8 June 2023 ” CRH said.Flutter Entertainment is also looking at taking on a US stock market listing  fuelling speculation that it may follow CRH in moving its primary quotation to New York.CRH reported on Wednesday that its group sales rose by 7 per cent  including the impact of acquisitions. Sales in its Americas materials solutions unit rose 10 per cent and those in its Americas building solutions business gained 22 per cent.However  reported sales declined 1 per cent in both its Europe materials solutions and Europe building solutions units.“Looking ahead to our first-half trading performance  in our Americas segments we expect robust infrastructure demand  good activity in key non-residential segments  continued pricing progress and positive contributions from acquisitions ” CRH said. “We anticipate a more challenging backdrop in Europe driven by continued inflationary pressures and some slowdown in the new-build residential sector.”The group is currently also advancing a $3 billion buyback programme that’s set to conclude early next year. The group spent more than $4 billion repurchasing its own stock over the past five years.,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,mixed,0.37,0.15,0.48,True,English,"['investor backing', 'US listing', 'CRH', 'earnings', 'influential US stock market index', 'chief executive Albert Manifold', 'Americas building solutions business', 'Dublin-based building materials giant', 'Americas materials solutions unit', 'Europe building solutions units', 'Irish stock market quotation', 'main stock market listing', 'US stock market listing', 'Europe materials solutions', 'annual general meeting', 'ongoing macroeconomic uncertainties', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'robust infrastructure demand', 'new-build residential sector', '$3 billion buyback programme', 'past five years', 'The Irish Times', 'primary stock quotation', 'formal shareholder vote', 'inflationary cost environment', 'key non-residential segments', 'S&P 500 committee', 'prior year period', 'first-half trading performance', 'Irish market', 'Americas segments', 'main listing', 'benchmark index', 'primary quotation', 'European units', 'Irish stockbrokers', 'secondary listing', 'listing change', 'same period', 'formal approval', 'inflationary pressures', 'trading update', 'current year', 'last year', 'trading volume', 'first-half sales', 'Cyril Byrne', 'strong support', 'positive start', 'unfavourable weather', 'first half', 'massive blow', 'New York', 'North America', 'initial announcement', 'careful consideration', 'Flutter Entertainment', '7 per cent', 'good activity', 'pricing progress', 'positive contributions', 'challenging backdrop', 'Dublin exchange', 'Euronext Dublin', 'first-quarter sales', 'largest company', 'group sales', 'CRH', 'London', 'Photograph', 'investors', 'plan', 'matter', 'June', 'Wednesday', 'earnings', 'sides', 'Atlantic', 'revenues', 'ebitda', 'margin', 'interest', 'tax', 'depreciation', 'amortisation', 'inclusion', 'READ', 'move', 'operator', 'Republic', 'three-quarters', 'Ireland', 'advisers', 'place', 'March', 'shareholders', 'rationale', 'recommendation', 'feedback', 'speculation', 'impact', 'acquisitions', 'slowdown', '22']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,irishtimes.com
23819,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIVERSAL-MUSIC-GROUP-N-V-128691318/news/Universal-Music-Group-N-V-Reports-Financial-Results-for-the-First-Quarter-Ended-March-31-2023-43648482/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,Universal Music Group N.V. Reports Financial Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31  2023,(marketscreener.com) Summary Q1 2023 Results1Revenue of €2 451 million increased 11.5% year-over-year  or 9.3% in constant currency  driven by strong growth in Recorded Music and Music PublishingRecorded Music subscription revenue grew 12.7% year-over-year…,"Summary Q1 2023 Results1Revenue of €2 451 million increased 11.5% year-over-year  or 9.3% in constant currency  driven by strong growth in Recorded Music and Music PublishingRecorded Music subscription revenue grew 12.7% year-over-year  or 10.3% in constant currency and streaming revenue grew 1.9% year-over-year  but declined 2.2% in constant currencyAdjusted EBITDA of €522 million increased 14.7% year-over-year  or 13.0% in constant currency  and Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 0.6 percentage points to 21.3%.Top sellers included King & Prince  Morgan Wallen   Taylor Swift   TOMORROW X TOGETHER and back number.1 This press release includes certain alternative performance indicators which are not defined in the International Financial Reporting Standards (""IFRS"") issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as endorsed by the EU. The descriptions of these alternative performance indicators and reconciliations of non-IFRS to IFRS measures are included in the Appendix to this press release.HILVERSUM  Netherlands  April 26  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced its financial results for the first quarter ended March 31  2023.""Our strong start to the year demonstrates our consistency in developing great artists and introducing their music to fans around the world "" said Sir Lucian Grainge  UMG's Chairman and CEO. ""We look forward to building on this momentum and furthering our track record of transforming disruptive technologies into opportunities to accelerate our business for our artists  fans and shareholders.""""Our results reflect the continued evolution of our business towards consistent and predictable revenue from a growing array of sources "" said Boyd Muir  EVP  CFO and President of Operations for UMG. ""With revenue up 9% and Adjusted EBITDA up 13%  we're encouraged by our first quarter and remain on track to meet our plans for the year.""UMG ResultsThree Months Ended March 31  % % (in millions of euros) 2023 2022 YoY const.(unaudited) (unaudited)Revenue 2 451 2 199 11.5 % 9.3 % EBITDA 261 454 (42.5 %) (43.4 %) EBITDA margin 10.6 % 20.6 % (10.0pp)Adjusted EBITDA 522 455 14.7 % 13.0 % Adjusted EBITDA margin 21.3 % 20.7 % 0.6ppNote: % YoY indicates % change year-over-year; % const. indicates % change year-over-year adjusted for constant currency. Constant currency is calculated by taking current year results and comparing against prior year results restated at current year rates.Q1 2023 ResultsRevenue for the first quarter of 2023 was €2 451 million  an increase of 11.5% year-over-year  or 9.3% in constant currency. UMG's revenue growth was driven by strong growth in Recorded Music and Music Publishing  as discussed further below.EBITDA for the quarter fell 42.5% year-over-year  or 43.4% in constant currency  to €261 million and EBITDA margin was 10.6%  compared to 20.6% in the first quarter of 2022. As expected  this decline was driven by non-cash share-based compensation expenses of €261 million during the first quarter of 2023  compared to €1 million of non-cash share-based compensation expenses during the first quarter of 2022  as the Company rolled out its first global equity compensation plan  which began in the fourth quarter of 2022. Excluding non-cash share-based compensation expenses  Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was €522 million  up 14.7% year-over-year  or 13.0% in constant currency and Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 0.6 percentage points to 21.3%  compared to 20.7% in the first quarter of 2022  as a result of revenue growth  operating leverage and cash compensation savings of €9 million associated with the equity plan rollout.Recorded MusicThree Months Ended March 31  % % (in millions of euros) 2023 2022 YoY const.(unaudited) (unaudited)Subscriptions and streaming revenue 1 329 1 209 9.9 % 7.1 % of which streaming 315 309 1.9 % (2.2 %) of which subscription 1 014 900 12.7 % 10.3 % Downloads and other digital revenue 55 68 (19.1 %) (19.1 %) Physical revenue 313 237 32.1 % 32.6 % License and other revenue 226 207 9.2 % 8.1 % Recorded Music revenues 1 923 1 721 11.7 % 9.6 %Note: % YoY indicates % change year-over-year; % const. indicates % change year-over-year adjusted for constant currency.Q1 2023Recorded Music revenue for the first quarter of 2023 was €1 923 million  up 11.7% compared to the first quarter of 2022  or 9.6% in constant currency. Subscription revenue grew 12.7% year-over-year  or 10.3% in constant currency  driven primarily by the growth in global subscribers. Streaming revenue grew 1.9% year-over-year  but declined by 2.2% in constant currency  as the advertising industry continued to be impacted by a difficult economic environment. Physical revenue increased by 32.1% year-over-year  or 32.6% in constant currency  driven by strong CD and DVD sales in Japan and improvements in vinyl sales. Downloads and other digital revenue declined 19.1% year-over-year on both a reported and constant currency basis  as download sales continued their industry-wide decline. License and other revenue improved 9.2% year-over-year  or 8.1% in constant currency  as a result of improvements in neighbouring rights income. Top sellers for the quarter included releases from King & Prince  Morgan Wallen  Taylor Swift  TOMORROW X TOGETHER and back number  while top sellers in the prior-year quarter included releases from Disney's 'Encanto' Soundtrack  King & Prince  The Weeknd  Fujii Kaze and Ado.Music PublishingThree Months Ended March 31  % % (in millions of euros) 2023 2022 YoY const.(unaudited) (unaudited)Performance revenue 90 91 (1.1 %) (2.2 %) Synchronisation revenue 69 62 11.3 % 7.8 % Digital revenue 231 191 20.9 % 19.1 % Mechanical revenue 23 23 0.0 % 0.0 % Other revenue 12 8 50.0 % 50.0 % Music Publishing revenues 425 375 13.3 % 11.5 %Note: % YoY indicates % change year-over-year; % const. indicates % change year-over-year adjusted for constant currency.Q1 2023Music Publishing revenue for the first quarter of 2023 was €425 million  up 13.3% year-over-year  or 11.5% in constant currency. Digital revenue grew 20.9% year-over-year  or 19.1% in constant currency  driven by continued growth in streaming & subscription. Performance revenue declined 1.1% year-over-year  or 2.2% in constant currency  as the prior-year quarter benefited from a strong post-Covid recovery. Synchronization revenue increased 11.3% year-over-year  or 7.8% in constant currency  due to continued growth in synchronization opportunities for music. Mechanical revenue was in line with last year.Merchandising and OtherThree Months Ended March 31  % % (in millions of euros) 2023 2022 YoY const.(unaudited) (unaudited)Merchandising and other revenues 107 107 0.0 % (3.6 %)Note: % YoY indicates % change year-over-year; % const. indicates % change year-over-year adjusted for constant currency.Q1 2023Merchandising and Other revenue in the first quarter of 2023 was €107 million  in line with last year  but down 3.6% in constant currency. This decrease was due to a difficult comparison on touring merchandise sales against last year's pent-up demand for touring following a post-Covid reopening  as well as a decline in retail sales  offset by an increase in direct-to-consumer sales.Conference Call DetailsThe Company will host a conference call to discuss these results on Wednesday  April 26  2023 at 6:15PM CEST. A link to the live audio webcast will be available on investors.universalmusic.com and a link to the replay will be available after the call.While listeners may use the webcast  a dial-in telephone number is required for investors and analysts to ask questions. Investors and analysts interested in asking questions can pre-register for a dial-in line at investors.universalmusic.com under the ""Financial Reports"" tab.Cautionary NoticeThis press release is published by Universal Music Group N.V. and contains inside information within the meaning of article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (Market Abuse Regulation).Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain statements that constitute forward-looking statements with respect to UMG's financial condition  results of operations  business  strategy and plans. Such forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as 'profit forecast'  'expect'  'estimate'  'project'  'anticipate'  'should'  'intend'  'plan'  'probability'  'risk'  'target'  'goal'  'objective'  'will'  'endeavour'  'optimistic'  'prospects' and similar expressions or variations on such expressions. Although UMG believes that such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions  they are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements as a result of a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are related to factors that are outside UMG's control  including  but not limited to  UMG's inability to compete successfully and to identify  attract  sign and retain successful recording artists and songwriters  failure of streaming and subscription adoption or revenue to grow or to grow less rapidly than anticipated  UMG's reliance on digital service providers  UMG's inability to execute its business strategy  the global nature of UMG's operations  UMG's inability to protect its intellectual property and against piracy  UMG's inability to attract and retain key personnel  changes in laws and regulations and the other risks that are described in our 2022 Annual Report. Accordingly  UMG cautions readers against placing undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release. UMG disclaims any intention or obligation to provide  update or revise any such forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Alternative Performance IndicatorsThis press release includes certain alternative performance indicators which are not defined in IFRS issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as endorsed by the EU. The descriptions of these alternative performance indicators and reconciliations of non-IFRS to IFRS measures are included in the Appendix to this press release.About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group (EURONEXT: UMG)  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information on Universal Music Group N.V. visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsMediaJames Murtagh-Hopkins - communicationsnl@umusic.comInvestorsErika Begun - investorrelations@umusic.comUpcoming CalendarAnnual General Meeting of Shareholders: May 11  2023AppendixNon-IFRS Alternative Performance Indicators and ReconciliationsReconciliation of Adjusted EBITDAThree Months Ended March 31  % (in millions of euros) 2023 2022 YoY(unaudited) (unaudited)EBITDA 261 454 (42.5 %)Non-cash share-based compensation expenses 261 1Adjusted EBITDA 522 455 14.7 %DefinitionsIn this press release  UMG presents certain financial measures when discussing UMG's performance that are not measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS (""non-IFRS""). These non-IFRS measures (also known as alternative performance indicators) are presented because management considers them important supplemental measures of UMG's performance and believes that they are widely used in the industry in which UMG operates as a means of evaluating a company's operating performance and liquidity. UMG believes that an understanding of its sales performance  profitability  financial strength and funding requirements is enhanced by reporting the following non-IFRS measures. All non-IFRS measures should be considered in addition to  and not as a substitute for  other IFRS measures of operating and financial performance as described in this press release. In addition  it should be noted that other companies may have definitions and calculations for these non-IFRS measures that differ from those used by UMG  thereby affecting comparability.EBITDA and EBITDA marginUMG considers EBITDA and EBITDA margin  non-IFRS measures  to be relevant measures to assess its operating performance and the performance of its operating segments as reported in the segment data. It enables UMG to compare the performance of operating segments regardless of whether their performance is driven by the operating segment's organic growth or by acquisitions. EBITDA margin is EBITDA divided by revenue. To calculate EBITDA  the accounting impact of the following items is excluded from the Operating Profit:amortization of intangible assets;impairment losses on goodwill and other intangibles;other income and expenses related to transactions with shareowners (except when directly recognized in equity);depreciation of tangible assets including right of use assets;(gains)/losses on the sale of tangible assets  included right of use assets and intangible assets;restructuring expenses; andother non-recurring items.Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA marginThe difference between EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA consists of non-cash share-based compensation expenses and certain one-time items that are deemed by management to be significant and incidental to normal business activity. Adjusted EBITDA margin is Adjusted EBITDA divided by revenue. UMG considers Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin  non-IFRS measures  to be relevant measures to assess performance of its operating activities excluding items that may be incidental to normal business activity.View original content to download multimedia: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-reports-financial-results-for-the-first-quarter-ended-march-31-2023-301808414.htmlSOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.31,0.4,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Financial Results', 'First Quarter', 'March', 'Universal Music Group N.V.', 'first global equity compensation plan', 'International Accounting Standards Board', 'cash share-based compensation expenses', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'equity plan rollout', 'cash compensation savings', 'Recorded Music subscription revenue', 'TOMORROW X TOGETHER', 'alternative performance indicators', 'Sir Lucian Grainge', 'difficult economic environment', 'Summary Q1 2023 Results1', 'other digital revenue', 'current year rates', 'Recorded Music revenue', 'constant currency basis', 'current year results', 'prior year results', 'global subscribers', 'financial results', 'other revenue', 'Music Publishing', 'Music revenues', 'first quarter', 'streaming revenue', 'predictable revenue', 'Physical revenue', 'Top sellers', 'Morgan Wallen', 'Taylor Swift', 'back number', 'press release', 'strong start', 'disruptive technologies', 'continued evolution', 'growing array', 'Boyd Muir', 'Three Months', 'operating leverage', 'advertising industry', 'strong CD', 'DVD sales', 'vinyl sales', 'download sales', 'revenue growth', 'fourth quarter', 'strong growth', 'great artists', 'track record', 'YoY const', 'industry-wide decline', 'EBITDA margin', 'UMG Results', 'IFRS measures', 'King', 'Prince', 'EU', 'descriptions', 'reconciliations', 'Appendix', 'HILVERSUM', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Company', 'consistency', 'fans', 'world', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'momentum', 'opportunities', 'business', 'shareholders', 'consistent', 'sources', 'EVP', 'CFO', 'President', 'Operations', 'plans', 'March', 'millions', 'Note', 'increase', 'Subscriptions', 'Downloads', 'License', 'Japan', 'improvements', '31', '10.3']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23820,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CNOVA-N-V-20366366/news/CNOVA-N-V-First-Quarter-2023-Activity-43648668/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230426,CNOVA N.V. First Quarter 2023 Activity,(marketscreener.com) CNOVA N.V.First quarter 2023 activity In a still challenging market where Cnova accelerated its shift towards marketplace  GMV stands at -15% like-for-like1  improving compared to Q4 . April current trading2 shows significant improvements…,CNOVA N.V. First Quarter 2023 Activity 04/26/2023 | 12:00pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields CNOVA N.V.First quarter 2023 activity In a still challenging market where Cnova accelerated its shift towards marketplace  GMV stands at -15% like-for-like1  improving compared to Q4 (-16%). April current trading2 shows significant improvements compared to 1Q23: Marketplace back to growth at +5% (+9pts vs. 1Q23 y-o-y evolution) and Product GMV standing at -10% (+10pts vs. 1Q23 y-o-y evolution).In this context  Cnova accelerated the pace of the transformation towards a profitable model with Gross Margin increasing by +6pts vs. 1Q22:GMV & Marketplace share : all-time highest marketplace share in Q1 at 57% (+9pts vs. 22  +21pts vs. 19): all-time highest marketplace share in Q1 at 57% (+9pts vs. 22  +21pts vs. 19) Rationalization of direct sales assortment with improving profitability and cash profile  supporting the overall Gross Margin increasewith improving profitability and cash profile  supporting the overall Gross Margin increase Marketplace revenues at €45m (+2% vs. 22  +29% vs. 19)  with an increase in GMV take rate standing at 16.6% (+0.9pt vs. 22  +1.6pt vs. 19)at €45m (+2% vs. 22  +29% vs. 19)  with an increase in GMV take rate standing at 16.6% (+0.9pt vs. 22  +1.6pt vs. 19) Advertising services revenues reaching €17m (+9% vs. 22  x2.1 vs. 19)  with an increase in GMV take rate standing at 3.5% for Q1 (+0.9pt vs. 22  +2.2pts vs. 19)reaching €17m (+9% vs. 22  x2.1 vs. 19)  with an increase in GMV take rate standing at 3.5% for Q1 (+0.9pt vs. 22  +2.2pts vs. 19) Record B2C Services GMV 1 at €36m (+37% vs. 22  x2.6 vs. 19) driven by Travel (+38% vs. 22  x2.2 vs. 19) and Mobile activities (+36% vs. 22  x7.2 vs. 19)at €36m (+37% vs. 22  x2.6 vs. 19) driven by Travel (+38% vs. 22  x2.2 vs. 19) and Mobile activities (+36% vs. 22  x7.2 vs. 19) Octopia B2B revenues reaching €5m (+42% vs. 22) with the successful launches of 2 marketplaces (Bébéboutik and an international retailer) and outperformed revenues on Fulfilment-as-a-Service  with an increase in shipped parcels (+38% vs. 22)reaching €5m (+42% vs. 22) with the successful launches of 2 marketplaces (Bébéboutik and an international retailer) and outperformed revenues on Fulfilment-as-a-Service  with an increase in shipped parcels (+38% vs. 22) C-Logistics B2B revenues at €2m (x6 vs. 22)  with its third party-logistic solution successfully launched for a European sportswear company Q1 monthly performance and current trading confirming the acceleration of profitable growth drivers with sequential improvement of growth in Q1 and April current trading:Product GMV: -23% in Jan.  -20% in Feb.  -16% in March  -10% in April to date 2Marketplace GMV: -9% in Jan.  -5% in Feb.  -2% in March  +5% in April to date2 Efficiency plan to swiftly recalibrate SG&A & CAPEX level by end 2023 is on track to reach the July 2022 guidance of +€75m savings on a full-year basis by the end of the year  leading to significant and continuous improvement of profitability and operational cash in the 1st quarter.Over Q1  the Transformation Plan has been reinforced with a dedicated steering team and specific projects aiming at accelerating the pace of the plan with a €15m additional savings objective on a full-year basis  despite inflation headwinds.Continuous development of Cnova’s ESG policy:“More sustainable products” SKUs: 15.2% of Cdiscount’s Product GMV (+3.8pts vs. 22) C-Logistics greenhouse gas emissions: -19.2% on the 22 vs. 21 reporting period Gender parity: increase in Cnova’s gender equality index by +0.2pts vs. 21AMSTERDAM – April 26  2023  18:00 CET Cnova N.V. (Euronext Paris: CNV; ISIN: NL0010949392) (“Cnova”) today announced its first quarter 2023 activity. Thomas Métivier  Cnova’s CEO  commented: “In the 1st quarter of 2023  Cnova has accelerated the pace of its transformation  on all its strategic pillars: marketplace  advertising services and B2B development with the commercial success of Octopia and C-Logistic’s solutions. The relevance of Cnova’s platform model is confirmed by an all-time high marketplace share and record high quarter for marketplace revenues  advertising services and B2B  thanks to the strength of the technological platform  the efficiency of our artificial intelligence algorithms and our network of 15 000 sellers and suppliers. All those actions  combined with the efficiency plan and strong efforts to improve direct sales margins  have already delivered significant impact on profitability and free cash flow. The transformation continues to accelerate with improving trends since the beginning of April.” First Quarter 202 3 Key Figures Financial performance(€ millions  GMV figures incl. VAT)1Q231Q222Change vs. 22 Reported L-f-L3 Total GMV 712.4 909.2 (21.6)%(15.0)% Ecommerce platform 692.6 883.0 (21.6)% (14.7)% o/w Direct sales 251.6 372.8 (32.5)% o/w Marketplace 328.9 341.5 (3.7)% Marketplace share 56.7% 47.8% +8.9pts o/w B2C Services 36.2 73.2 (50.5)% +37.2% o/w Other Revenues 75.8 95.5 (20.6)% +5.8% B2B activities 19.8 26.1 (24.2)% o/w Octopia B2B revenues 5.4 3.8 +42.4% o/w Octopia Retail & Others 12.5 21.9 (42.9)% o/w C-Logistics 2.0 0.4 x5.5 Total Net sales 323.5 446.6 (27.6)% (24.2)% First Quarter 202 3 Highlights GMV 1Q23 Total like-for-like2 growth -15.0% Marketplace growth -3.7% Travel growth +37.6% Octopia B2B revenue growth +42.4% GMV posted a -15.0% like-for-like decrease in the 1st quarter 2023  confirming Cnova’s strategic choice to accelerate its platform revenues with the development of its marketplace  advertising services and B2B businesses with Octopia and C-Logistics. This year-on-year change was driven by: Direct Sales contributing -13.3pts (-32.5% y-o-y)  as a result of the on-going voluntary strategic shift to marketplace   mostly for low contribution margin non-technical goods   but preserving and still benefiting from strengthened relationships with top international brandscontributing -13.3pts (-32.5% y-o-y)  as a result of but preserving and still benefiting from strengthened relationships with top international brands Marketplace contributing -1.4pt (-3.7% y-o-y) while delivering +9pts in GMV share. Cnova raised quality standards through better delivery services with 50.3% free express delivery share in the 1st quarter B2C Services contributing +1.1pt (+37.2% y-o-y)  among which Travel alone brought +0.9pt to Cnova growth (+37.6% y-o-y) Octopia B2B revenues contributing positively to growth (+42% y-o-y) driven by Merchant-as-a-Service and Marketplace-as-a-Service revenue growth (x2 vs. 22)  with the successful launches of 2 marketplaces (Bébéboutik and an international retailer) and accelerating Fulfilment-as-a-Service revenues with an increase in shipped parcels (+38% vs. 22) Octopia retail GMV contributed negatively for -1.0pt (-43% y-o-y) with Products-as-a-Service offer now focused on profitability as part of the transformation plan to drive profitable retail growthcontributing +1.1pt (+37.2% y-o-y)  among which Travel alone brought +0.9pt to Cnova growth (+37.6% y-o-y) Marketplace 1Q23 Change vs. 1Q22 Marketplace product GMV share 56.7% +8.9pts Marketplace Fulfilment + Express sellers GMV share 50.3% +0.2pt Marketplace revenues €45.5m +1.9% Advertising services Product GMV take rate4 3.5% +0.9pt Marketplace posting a 29pts y-o-y growth differential against first party sales  decreasing overall by -3.7%. Strong and regular customer satisfaction measured by the NPS at 55 (+11pts vs. 19 and steady vs. 22) led to a fast-increasing marketplace GMV share this quarter up to 56.7% (+8.9pts vs. last year). As part of this strategy  Fulfilment by Cdiscount and Express seller program continued to be very dynamic representing 50.3% of marketplace GMV in the 1st quarter 2023  an increase of 0.2pt vs. last year. Clients 1Q23 Active clients over the last 12 months 8.1 CDAV GMV share 38.5% The loyalty program Cdiscount à Volonté (CDAV) represented 38.5% of total GMV in the 1st quarter 2023. Net Sales 1Q23 Total like-for-like2 growth -24.2% Net Sales5 amounted to €323m (-24.2% like-for-like decrease vs. 22). This decrease is primarily driven by the voluntary mix improvement towards marketplace especially for non-technical goods categories with negative contribution margin.Business Highlights A record high marketplace GMV share with accelerated positive trends compared to pre-pandemic level: Marketplace reached all-time highest marketplace share in Q1 at 57% for the 1 st quarter 2023 (+9pts vs. 22  +21pts vs. 19)  mainly driven by home categories and new strategic partnerships  confirming the mix evolution towards more marketplace revenues. During the 1 st quarter 2023  marketplace GMV was nearly stable (-4% vs. 22)  in a context of strong inflation headwinds and macro-economic uncertaintiesquarter 2023 (+9pts vs. 22  +21pts vs. 19)  mainly driven by home categories and new strategic partnerships  confirming the mix evolution towards more marketplace revenues. During the 1 quarter 2023  marketplace GMV was nearly stable (-4% vs. 22)  in a context of strong inflation headwinds and macro-economic uncertainties New marketplace strategic partnerships were formed  including with a childcare specialist and a leading company specialized in consumer goodsA new dedicated team of 20 collaborators was assembled to accelerate the recruitment and sales of the new Top sellers of the French  European and other international marketsCnova continues the rationalization of its direct sales assortment with improving profitability and cash profile  supporting the overall Gross Margin increase. This resilient performance for both direct sales and marketplace has been supported by disruptive offers launched this quarter  such as the new payment installment solution provided by Floa Bank for Apple products (including the possibility to trade an old device)  and a strong and increasing customer satisfaction measured by the NPS at 55 (+11pts vs. 19  steady vs. 22). Expansion of marketplace SKUs eligible to express delivery is a key driver of growth and customer satisfaction. It is also determinant to support the product mix re-orientation towards the marketplace: Cdiscount Express Seller   launched in 2019 for sellers able to offer express delivery to CDAV customers  reached a 15.4% marketplace GMV share for the 1 st quarter 2023 (+4.1pts vs. 22)  launched in 2019 for sellers able to offer express delivery to CDAV customers  reached a 15.4% marketplace GMV share for the 1 quarter 2023 (+4.1pts vs. 22) Fulfilment by Cdiscount marketplace GMV share stands at 34.9% for the 1st quarter 2023. A consequent effort is made to provide always more quality by recruiting top sellers with now a wider assortment than traditional retail sales B2C Services showed a record performance: B2C Services GMV  excluding Energy  amounted to €36m in the 1 st quarter 2023  reaching again a solid growth (+37% vs. 22  x2.6 vs. 19)GMV  excluding Energy  amounted to €36m in the 1 quarter 2023  reaching again a solid growth (+37% vs. 22  x2.6 vs. 19) Cdiscount Voyages (travel) experienced a significant acceleration with a GMV growth of +38% vs. 22 (x2.2 vs. 19)(travel) experienced a significant acceleration with a GMV growth of +38% vs. 22 (x2.2 vs. 19) Cdiscount Mobile (cell phone plan) activity performed very well during the 1st quarter 2023 with a GMV growth of +36% vs. 22 (x7.2 vs. 19) and a strong increase in the subscriber baseDynamic Advertising Services driven by Retail Media dynamics: Advertising services revenues reached €17m for Q1 (+9% vs. 22)  with growing GMV take rate standing at 3.5% (+0.9pt vs. 22) Advertising services growth is mainly supported by Retail Media  which accounts for €13m of revenues for Q1 (+19% vs. 22) and allows both sellers and suppliers to reinforce their visibility and increase their sales Growth is also driven by a dynamic offer expansion  with the creation of new formats  such as the launch of “premium” shops for sellers (12 signed sellers)Octopia’s B2B revenues know a strong commercial dynamic  driven by its turnkey marketplace solution for EMEA retailers and e-merchants: Successful launches of 2 marketplaces (Bébéboutik and an international retailer)Outperformed revenues on Fulfilment-as-a-Service  with an increase in shipped parcels (+38% vs. 22) and the development of the activity in SpainAcceleration of the selling volume on its sales channels (x21 GMV y-o-y) and acceleration of the number of sellers deployedSuccessful launch of the drop-shipping offer for sellers  with 38 active sellers at end of the quarter on Products-as-a-Service C-Logistics is developing its B2B activities through the successful launch of its third party-logistic solution for a European sportswear company  a service quality above customers’ expectations and knows a strong ramp-up with an increase in the number of shipped parcels for external clients (x3 vs. 22)  representing an increase of 2.2pts in C-Logistics total number of shipped parcels. New strategic transportation flows have been implemented  enabling products delivery in Europe  with Chronopost for Express Delivery and BPost for Standard Delivery.C-Logistics is also optimizing its costs and adapting its structure with the rationalization of transportation offers and the increase in warehouses productivity.C-Logistics ESG approach has been pursued with significant efforts to decrease its energy consumption (-21% vs. 22). Environmental  social and societal stakes such as human capital  climate  business ethics and societal commitment are at the heart of Cnova’s B2B and B2C strategic development: Cnova is committed to promoting a more responsible consumption through its direct sales and marketplace product offer. Actions carried out by Cdiscount and Octopia aiming to develop “more sustainable products” (e.g.  increasing the visibility of these products and guaranteeing affordable prices) enable a continuous acceleration of this offer. “More sustainable products” account for 15.2% of Cdiscount’s Product GMV at 1Q (+3.8pts vs. 22) Cnova is also taking action to reduce the impact of its operations : Thanks to actions undertaken with carriers  greenhouse gas emissions related to delivery of products sold by Cdiscount and shipped by C-Logistics have decreased by -19.2% on the 22 vs. 21 reporting period Cdiscount and C-Logistics have joined the study group dedicated to the writing of an AFNOR SPEC “E-commerce: information to consumers on the environmental impact of their delivery choice”  aiming to define a reference framework for environmental display when the consumer chooses its delivery method on Cdiscount’s website Cnova’s electricity and gas consumption has decreased by -25% in 22 vs. 19 (-15.9% vs. 21)  overperforming objectives announced by Cnova in early Q4 as an answer to the national mobilization initiated by the government: As a trustworthy partner   Cnova is committed to protect its clients. Cdiscount  which had already signed the Product Safety Pledge in 2020  has recommitted to consumer protection and signed the new version of the Product Safety Pledge at the European Consumer Summit organized by the European Commission  Cnova is committed to protect its clients. Cdiscount  which had already signed the Product Safety Pledge in 2020  has recommitted to consumer protection and signed the new version of the Product Safety Pledge at the European Consumer Summit organized by the European Commission Cnova pursues its social and societal commitment in favor of gender parity. Thanks to its Human Resources policy  Cnova’s consolidated gender equality index has increased by +0.2pt vs. 21 *** About Cnova N.V. Cnova N.V.  the French ecommerce leader  serves 8.1 million active customers via its state-of-the-art website  Cdiscount. Cnova N.V.’s product offering provides its B2C clients with a wide variety of very competitively priced goods  fast and customer-convenient delivery options  practical and innovative payment solutions as well as travel  entertainment and domestic energy services. Cnova N.V. also serves B2B clients internationally through Octopia (Marketplace-as-a-Service solutions)  Cdiscount Advertising (advertising services for sellers and brands) and C-logistics (end-to-end logistic ecommerce solution). Cnova N.V. is part of Groupe Casino  a global diversified retailer. Cnova N.V.'s news releases are available at www.cnova.com. Information available on  or accessible through  the sites referenced above is not part of this press release. This press release contains regulated information (gereglementeerde informatie) within the meaning of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht) which must be made publicly available pursuant to Dutch and French law. This press release is intended for information purposes only. Cnova Investor Relations Contact:investor@cnovagroup.comTel : +33 6 79 74 30 94 Media contact:directiondelacommunication@cdiscount.comTel: +33 6 18 33 17 86cdiscount@vae-solis.comTel: +33 6 17 76 79 71 *** 1 Like-for-like figures exclude cross-canal sales and Cdiscount Energy GMV for 1Q22; 2 as of April 25th  20232 2022 figures have been restated to take into account CChezVous disposal (discontinued operations)3 Like-for-like figures exclude cross-canal sales and Cdiscount Energy GMV for Q1224 Calculated as advertising services revenues divided by total product GMV excluding VAT (Marketplace GMV excl. VAT + Direct sales GMV excl. VAT)5 Like-for-like figures exclude cross-canal sales and Cdiscount Energy GMV for Q122 Attachment Cnova NV_Activity Press Release_1Q23All news about CNOVA N.V. 04/26 CNOVA N.V. First Quarter 2023 Activity GL 04/24 Cnova N.V. - Reaction to Casino Group's Press Release GL 04/24 Cnova N.V. - Reaction to Casino Group's Press Release AQ 03/31 Cnova N : Publishes 2022 Annual report and Notice of the 2023 Annual General Meeting of Sh.. PU 03/31 Cnova N : Jaarlijkse financiële verslaggeving PU 03/31 Cnova N : Cnova_Press Release_Annual Report and 2023 AGM notice PU 03/31 Cnova N : Share overview Cnova NV AGM 2023 PU 03/31 Cnova N : Notice and Agenda – Cnova NV AGM 2023 PU 03/31 Cnova N : Explanatory notes – Cnova NV AGM 2023 PU 03/31 Cnova N.v. : 2022 annual report release and 2023 AGM notice GL,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.71,0.28,0.0,True,English,"['CNOVA N.V.', 'First Quarter 2023 Activity', 'overall Gross Margin increase Marketplace revenues', '€15m additional savings objective', 'C-Logistics greenhouse gas emissions', 'time highest marketplace share', 'time high marketplace share', 'Record B2C Services GMV', '18:00 CET Cnova N.V.', '+€75m savings', 'record high quarter', 'multiple email addresses', 'Bébéboutik', 'third party-logistic solution', 'European sportswear company', 'dedicated steering team', 'More sustainable products', '22 vs. 21 reporting period', 'Thomas Métivier', 'artificial intelligence algorithms', 'gender equality index', 'C-Logistics B2B revenues', 'GMV take rate', 'L-f-L3 Total GMV', 'direct sales assortment', 'direct sales margins', 'free cash flow', 'Advertising services revenues', 'April current trading2', 'profitable growth drivers', 'First quarter 2023 activity', 'date2 Efficiency plan', 'Octopia B2B revenues', 'Q1 monthly performance', 'Marketplace GMV', 'profitable model', 'Gender parity', 'Financial performance', '1st quarter', 'Product GMV', 'GMV figures', 'cash profile', 'operational cash', 'B2B development', 'challenging market', 'Mobile activities', 'successful launches', 'international retailer', 'sequential improvement', 'SG&A', 'CAPEX level', 'July 2022 guidance', 'full-year basis', 'continuous improvement', 'specific projects', 'inflation headwinds', 'Continuous development', 'ESG policy', 'Euronext Paris', 'strategic pillars', 'commercial success', 'platform model', 'technological platform', 'strong efforts', 'Key Figures', 'Ecommerce platform', 'First name', 'significant improvements', 'significant impact', 'Transformation Plan', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'shift', 'Q4', '1Q23', 'evolution', 'context', 'pace', '+6pts', '1Q22', 'Rationalization', 'profitability', 'Travel', '2 marketplaces', 'Fulfilment', 'parcels', 'acceleration', 'Jan.', 'Feb.', 'March', 'track', 'SKUs', 'Cdiscount', '8pts', 'AMSTERDAM', 'CNV', 'CEO', 'solutions', 'relevance', 'strength', 'network', '15,000 sellers', 'suppliers', 'actions', 'trends', 'beginning', 'VAT', 'Change']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,marketscreener.com
23821,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/26/2654686/0/en/BE-Semiconductor-Industries-N-V-Announces-Q1-23-Results.html,BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. Announces Q1-23 Results,Q1-23 Revenue of € 133.4 Million and Net Income of € 34.5 Million Down 3.1% and 14.2%  Respectively  vs. Q4-22. Operating Profit Exceeds Midpoint of GuidanceQ2-23 Revenue to Increase 15%-25% Above Q1-23 Levels,"Q1-23 Revenue of € 133.4 Million and Net Income of € 34.5 MillionDown 3.1% and 14.2%  Respectively  vs. Q4-22. Operating Profit Exceeds Midpoint of GuidanceQ2-23 Revenue to Increase 15%-25% Above Q1-23 LevelsDUIVEN  the Netherlands  April 26  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- BE Semiconductor Industries N.V. (the “Company"" or ""Besi"") (Euronext Amsterdam: BESI; OTC markets: BESIY)  a leading manufacturer of assembly equipment for the semiconductor industry  today announced its results for the first quarter ended March 31  2023.Key HighlightsRevenue of € 133.4 million down 3.1% vs. Q4-22 due primarily to lower shipments for computing and automotive end-user markets from IDMs and Asian subcontractors. Down 34.1% vs. Q1-22 due to industry downcycle with particular weakness in computing end-user marketsOrders of € 142.0 million down 21.3% vs. Q4-22 principally as a result of lower mobile and  to a lesser extent  computing bookings from IDMs and Asian subcontractors. Vs. Q1-22  orders decreased 30.7% due primarily to broad weakness in computing end-user marketsGross margin of 64.2% rose 1.9 points vs. Q4-22 and 4.1 points vs. Q1-22 principally due to a more favorable product mix  positive net forex influences and cost reduction initiativesNet income of € 34.5 million down 14.2% vs. Q4-22 primarily due to higher share-based incentive compensation. Down 48.9% vs. Q1-22 reflecting broad based industry weakness and increased R&D spending. Ex share-based incentive compensation  net income reached € 43.0 million vs. € 42.3 million in Q4-22 and € 75.5 million in Q1-22Net margin of 25.9% vs. 29.2% in Q4-22 and 33.4% in Q1-22. Ex share-based incentive compensation  net margin realized of 32.2% vs. 30.7% in Q4-22 and 37.3% in Q1-22Cash and deposits of € 644.9 million and net cash of € 325.8 million decreased 7.4% and 20.0%  respectively  vs. Q1-22 due to significantly increased capital allocation to shareholdersOutlookQ2-23 revenue anticipated to increase 15-25% vs. Q1-23 with gross margins in a range of 62%-64%(€ millions  except EPS) Q1-2023 Q4-2022 Δ Q1-2022Δ Revenue 133.4 137.7 -3.1 % 202.4 -34.1 % Orders 142.0 180.5 -21.3 % 204.8 -30.7 % Operating Income 41.7 48.7 -14.4 % 81.7 -49.0 % EBITDA 48.2 54.8 -12.0 % 87.2 -44.7 % Net Income 34.5 40.2 -14.2 % 67.5 -48.9 % Net Margin 25.9 % 29.2 % -3.3 33.4 % -7.5 EPS (basic) 0.44 0.51 -13.7 % 0.87 -49.4 % EPS (diluted) 0.44 0.50 -12.0 % 0.81 -45.7 % Net Cash and Deposits 325.8 346.5 -6.0 % 407.0 -20.0 %Richard W. Blickman  President and Chief Executive Officer of Besi  commented:“Besi’s first quarter results were within guidance in an industry downturn with gross margin exceeding guidance. Revenue of € 133.4 million decreased by 3.1% versus Q4-22 primarily reflecting general weakness in high-end and mainstream computing markets from both IDMs and Asian subcontractors and a temporary reduction in shipments for automotive applications. Such adverse influences were partially offset by increased shipments for high-end smartphone applications. On a year over year basis  revenue this quarter declined by 34.1% reflecting the impact of the current downturn on Besi’s business. In addition  demand from Chinese customers remained weak representing approximately 27% of total revenue this quarter.“Besi’s profitability was solid in Q1-23 with gross margins reaching 64.2% due primarily to the current product mix and cost control efforts. Operating income of € 41.7 million exceeded the midpoint of guidance. Excluding share based compensation expense  Besi’s net income and net margin were € 43.0 million and 32.2% this quarter versus € 42.3 million and 30.7% recorded in Q4-22 despite lower revenue levels. In fact  our financial performance has significantly improved at this point of the industry downcycle as measured by a comparison of Besi’s results for the latest twelve months ending March 31  2023 versus the comparable period ending March 31  2019 with revenue  orders and operating profit increasing by 44.7%  66.5% and 82.7%  respectively.“Our financial position remained solid at quarter end with cash and deposits and net cash of € 644.9 million and € 325.8 million  respectively. In addition  cash flow from operations increased to € 61.4 million in Q1-23  up 36.4% versus Q1-22. During the quarter  we repurchased € 77.8 million of our shares bringing total purchases to € 174.1 million since the August 2022 initiation of our € 300 million share repurchase program.“Order trends in Q1-23 reflect both the negative effects of the current industry downturn and the favorable prospects for Besi’s wafer level assembly portfolio. For the quarter  orders of € 142.0 million declined by 21.3% versus Q4-22 primarily due to the pull-forward of some high-end smartphone bookings into Q4-22 and  to a lesser extent  decreased orders for mainstream computing and hybrid bonding applications. Orders for smartphone applications for the most recent two quarters significantly exceeded those for the comparable period of the prior year but were less than previously anticipated. Demand for automotive applications improved in Q1-23 versus both Q4-22 and Q1-22. We received a € 10.5 million order from a Chinese subcontractor subsequent to quarter end for automotive applications indicating ongoing strength in this end-user market.“Bookings this quarter also included orders for multiple hybrid bonding systems with follow on orders anticipated in Q2-23 from multiple customers  including two new customers. Progress in hybrid bonding and other wafer level assembly adoption continues apace with increased interest received from the development community and customers primarily for data center  mobile and memory applications. In addition  the first order for a TCB chip to wafer system was received subsequent to quarter end from a US customer.“The assembly equipment market outlook for 2023 remains negative as we work through the current industry downturn. Analysts have further lowered market estimates for this year but forecast a renewed upturn starting in the second half of 2023. We are prepared for various scenarios with a highly flexible production model and strategic intiatives in place to enhance profitability regardless of the industry direction. In the interim  we continue our investment in R&D programs and service/support in preparation for the next upturn and the significant projected growth of our wafer level assembly portfolio over the next three to five years.“For Q2-23  we forecast that revenue will increase by 15%-25% versus Q1-23 with gross margins of 62%-64% due to our projected product mix. Operating expenses are forecasted to decrease by 0-5% versus Q1-23.”First Quarter Results of Operations€ millions Q1-2023 Q4-2022 Δ Q1-2022 Δ Revenue 133.4 137.7 -3.1 % 202.4 -34.1 % Orders 142.0 180.5 -21.3 % 204.8 -30.7 % Book to Bill Ratio 1.1x 1.3x -0.2 1.0x +0.1Besi’s Q1-23 revenue of € 133.4 million declined 3.1% versus Q4-22 and was at the midpoint of prior guidance. The decrease was primarily due to lower shipments for computing and automotive end-user markets from IDMs and Asian subcontractors partially offset by increased shipments for high-end smartphone applications. Versus Q1-22  revenue decreased by 34.1% reflecting adverse industry conditions generally and particular weakness in computing end-user markets from IDMs and Asian subcontractors partially offset by higher shipments for mobile applications.Orders of € 142.0 million decreased 21.3% versus Q4-22 primarily due to the pull-forward of some high-end smartphone bookings into Q4-22 and  to a lesser extent  decreased orders for mainstream computing and hybrid bonding applications. Versus Q1-22  orders decreased by 30.7% principally as a result of lower bookings for high-end and mainstream computing applications by IDMs and Asian subcontractors. Per customer type  IDM orders decreased € 24.2 million  or 24.6%  versus Q4-22 and represented 52% of total orders for the period. Subcontractor orders decreased by € 14.3 million  or 17.4%  versus Q4-22 and represented 48% of total orders.€ millions Q1-2023 Q4-2022 Δ Q1-2022 Δ Gross Margin 64.2 % 62.3 % +1.9 60.1 % +4.1 Operating Expenses* 44.0 37.1 +18.6 % 39.9 +10.3 % Financial Expense  net 1.5 3.6 -58.3 % 3.7 -59.5 % EBITDA 48.2 54.8 -12.0 % 87.2 -44.7 %* Excluding share-based compensation expense  operating expenses would have been € 34.7 million  € 35.0 million and € 31.3 million in Q1-23  Q4-22 and Q1-22  respectively.Besi’s gross margin rose to 64.2%  an increase of 1.9 points and 4.1 points versus Q4-22 and Q1-22  respectively  and exceeded prior guidance. Gross margin development this quarter benefited from (i) a more favorable product mix  (ii) positive net forex influences  particularly versus Q1-22 and (iii) cost reduction initiatives.Q1-23 operating expenses rose by € 6.9 million  or 18.6%  versus Q4-22 due to a € 7.2 million increase of share-based incentive compensation. Versus Q1-22  operating expenses rose by € 4.1 million  or 10.3%  due primarily to € 2.4 million of increased R&D spending for next generation wafer level assembly systems as well as higher marketing and technical support costs related thereto. Excluding share based compensation expense  operating expenses represented 26.0% of revenue in Q1-23 versus 25.4% in Q4-22 and 15.5% in Q1-22.Financial expense  net  decreased by € 2.1 million and € 2.2 million versus Q4-22 and Q1-22  respectively  primarily as a result of increased interest income earned on cash balances outstanding.€ millions Q1-2023 Q4-2022 Δ Q1-2022 Δ Net Income* 34.5 40.2 -14.2 % 67.5 -48.9 % Net Margin* 25.9 % 29.2 % -3.3 33.4 % -7.5 Tax Rate 14.0 % 10.9 % +3.1 13.4 % +0.6* Excluding share-based compensation expense  Besi’s adjusted net income (net margin) would have been € 43.0 million (32.2%)  € 42.3 million (30.7%) and € 75.5 million (37.3%) in Q1-23  Q4-22 and Q1-22  respectively.Besi’s Q1-23 net income of € 34.5 million decreased € 5.7 million  or 14.2%  versus Q4-22. The profit reduction was primarily due to a € 7.2 million increase in share-based incentive compensation and a higher effective tax rate partially offset by improved gross margins and lower net financial expense. Versus Q1-22  net income decreased by € 33.0 million  or 48.9%  principally as a result of a 34.1% revenue decrease and increased R&D spending partially offset by increased gross margins and lower net financial expense.Financial Condition€ millions Q1-2023 Q4-2022 Δ Q1-2022 Δ Total Cash and Deposits 644.9 671.7 -4.0 % 696.6 -7.4 % Net Cash and Deposits 325.8 346.5 -6.0 % 407.0 -20.0 % Cash flow from Ops. 61.4 86.6 -29.1 % 45.0 +36.4 % Capital allocation* 77.8 65.0 +19.7 % 14.1 +451.8 %* Includes dividends and share repurchases.Total cash and deposits of € 644.9 million at the end of Q1-23 decreased by 4.0% versus Q4-22 and by 7.4% versus Q1-22 due to significantly increased capital allocation to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. During the quarter  Besi generated cash flow from operations of € 61.4 million which was used to fund (i) € 77.8 million of share repurchases  (ii) € 5.4 million of capitalized development spending and (iii) € 1.1 million of capital expenditures.Besi’s net cash of € 325.8 million at the end of Q1-23 decreased by € 20.7 million (-6.0%) versus year end and by € 81.2 million (-20.0%) versus Q1-22. Net cash development was positively influenced by the conversion of € 7.9 million of Besi’s 2024 Convertible Notes during the quarter. An additional € 13.0 million of 2023 Convertible Notes and 2024 Convertible Notes were converted in April 2023  resulting in a reduction of their principal balances to € 0.6 million and € 13.4 million  respectively.Share Repurchase ActivityDuring the quarter  Besi repurchased approximately 1.1 million of its ordinary shares at an average price of € 69.37 per share for a total of € 77.8 million. Cumulatively  as of March 31  2023  a total of 2.9 million shares have been purchased under the current € 300 million share repurchase plan at an average price of € 59.33 per share for a total of € 174.1 million. As of March 31  2023  Besi held approximately 3.6 million shares in treasury equal to 4.4% of its shares outstanding.OutlookBased on its March 31  2023 backlog and feedback from customers  Besi forecasts for Q2-23 that:Revenue will increase by 15-25% versus the € 133.4 million reported in Q1-23Gross margin will range between 62%-64% versus the 64.2% realized in Q1-23Operating expenses will decrease by 0-5% versus the € 44.0 million in Q1-23Investor and media conference callA conference call and webcast for investors and media will be held today at 4:00 pm CET (10:00 am EDT). To register for the conference call and/or to access the audio webcast and webinar slides  please visit www.besi.com.Important Dates 2023 • Annual General Meeting of Shareholders April 26  2023 • Publication Q2/Semi-annual results July 27  2023 • Publication Q3/Nine-month results October 26  2023 • Publication Q4/Full year results February 2024Dividend Information * • Proposed ex-dividend date April 28  2023 • Proposed record date May 2  2023 • Proposed payment of 2022 dividend Starting May 4  2023* Subject to approval at Besi’s AGM on April 26  2023Basis of PresentationThe accompanying condensed Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as adopted by the European Union. Reference is made to the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements as included in our 2022 Annual Report  which is available on www.besi.com.About BesiBesi is a leading supplier of semiconductor assembly equipment for the global semiconductor and electronics industries offering high levels of accuracy  productivity and reliability at a low cost of ownership. The Company develops leading edge assembly processes and equipment for leadframe  substrate and wafer level packaging applications in a wide range of end-user markets including electronics  mobile internet  cloud server  computing  automotive  industrial  LED and solar energy. Customers are primarily leading semiconductor manufacturers  assembly subcontractors and electronics and industrial companies. Besi’s ordinary shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (symbol: BESI). Its Level 1 ADRs are listed on the OTC markets (symbol: BESIY) and its headquarters are located in Duiven  the Netherlands. For more information  please visit our website at www.besi.com .Contacts:Richard W. Blickman  President & CEOLeon Verweijen  SVP FinanceClaudia Vissers  Executive Secretary/IR coordinatorEdmond Franco  VP Corporate Development/US IR coordinatorTel. (31) 26 319 4500investor.relations@besi.comCaution Concerning Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains statements about management's future expectations  plans and prospects of our business that constitute forward-looking statements  which are found in various places throughout the press release  including  but not limited to  statements relating to expectations of orders  net sales  product shipments  expenses  timing of purchases of assembly equipment by customers  gross margins  operating results and capital expenditures. The use of words such as “anticipate”  “estimate”  “expect”  “can”  “intend”  “believes”  “may”  “plan”  “predict”  “project”  “forecast”  “will”  “would”  and similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking statements  although not all forward looking statements contain these identifying words. The financial guidance set forth under the heading “Outlook” contains such forward looking statements. While these forward looking statements represent our judgments and expectations concerning the development of our business  a number of risks  uncertainties and other important factors could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from those contained in forward looking statements  including any inability to maintain continued demand for our products; failure of anticipated orders to materialize or postponement or cancellation of orders  generally without charges; the volatility in the demand for semiconductors and our products and services; the extent and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and measures taken to contain the outbreak  and the associated adverse impacts on the global economy  financial markets  global supply chains and our operations as well as those of our customers and suppliers; failure to develop new and enhanced products and introduce them at competitive price levels; failure to adequately decrease costs and expenses as revenues decline; loss of significant customers  including through industry consolidation or the emergence of industry alliances; lengthening of the sales cycle; acts of terrorism and violence; disruption or failure of our information technology systems; consolidation activity and industry alliances in the semiconductor industry that may result in further increased customer concentration  inability to forecast demand and inventory levels for our products; the integrity of product pricing and protection of our intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions; risks  such as changes in trade regulations  conflict minerals regulations  currency fluctuations  political instability and war  associated with substantial foreign customers  suppliers and foreign manufacturing operations  particularly to the extent occurring in the Asia Pacific region where we have a substantial portion of our production facilities; potential instability in foreign capital markets; the risk of failure to successfully manage our diverse operations; any inability to attract and retain skilled personnel  including as a result of restrictions on immigration  travel or the availability of visas for skilled technology workers as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic; those additional risk factors set forth in Besi's annual report for the year ended December 31  2022 and other key factors that could adversely affect our businesses and financial performance contained in our filings and reports  including our statutory consolidated statements. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update or alter our forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Consolidated Statements of Operations (€ thousands  except share and per share data)Three Months EndedMarch 31 (unaudited) 2023 2022 Revenue 133 406 202 407 Cost of sales 47 718 80 758 Gross profit 85 688 121 649 Selling  general and administrative expenses 28 982 27 313 Research and development expenses 14 995 12 622 Total operating expenses 43 977 39 935 Operating income 41 711 81 714 Financial expense  net 1 545 3 716 Income before taxes 40 166 77 998 Income tax expense 5 618 10 460 Net income 34 548 67 538 Net income per share – basic 0.44 0.87 Net income per share – diluted 0.44 0.81Number of shares used in computing per share amounts:- basic- diluted 177 946 87383 777 67377 879 16985 084 945______________________________1) The calculation of diluted income per share assumes the exercise of equity settled share based payments and the conversion of all Convertible Notes outstandingConsolidated Balance Sheets (€ thousands) March31  2023(unaudited) December31  2022(audited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents 489 927 491 686 Deposits 155 000 180 000 Trade receivables 145 921 148 333 Inventories 101 024 92 117 Other current assets 24 126 24 562 Total current assets 915 998 936 698 Property  plant and equipment 32 278 33 272 Right of use assets 16 512 17 480 Goodwill 45 556 45 746 Other intangible assets 82 191 81 218 Deferred tax assets 18 397 19 563 Other non-current assets 1 170 1 213 Total non-current assets 196 104 198 492 Total assets 1 112 102 1 135 190 Current portion of long-term debt 2 372 2 361 Trade payables 48 877 41 431 Other current liabilities 109 761 100 099 Total current liabilities 161 010 143 891 Long-term debt 316 779 322 815 Lease liabilities 13 837 14 372 Deferred tax liabilities 12 882 13 303 Other non-current liabilities 12 001 12 274 Total non-current liabilities 355 499 362 764 Total equity 595 593 628 535 Total liabilities and equity 1 112 102 1 135 190Consolidated Cash Flow Statements (€ thousands)Three Months Ended March 31 (unaudited) 2023 2022 Cash flows from operating activities: Income before income tax 40 166 77 998 Depreciation and amortization 6 493 5 465 Share based payment expense 9 273 8 617 Financial expense  net 1 545 3 716 Changes in working capital 4 454 (42 501 ) Income tax paid (1 387 ) (7 272 ) Interest (paid) received 849 (1 057 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 61 393 44 966 Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures (1 135 ) (1 223 ) Capitalized development expenses (5 390 ) (5 654 ) Repayments of (investments in) deposits 25 000 14 286 Net cash provided by investing activities 18 475 7 409 Cash flows from financing activities: Payments of lease liabilities (1 100 ) (908 ) Purchase of treasury shares (77 779 ) (14 115 ) Net cash used in financing activities (78 879 ) (15 023 ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents98937 352 Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash andcash equivalents(2 748)953 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of theperiod491 686451 395 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period 489 927 489 700",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.11,0.73,True,English,"['BE Semiconductor Industries N.V.', 'Q1-23 Results', 'BE Semiconductor Industries N.V.', 'higher share-based incentive compensation', 'Ex share-based incentive compensation', 'share based compensation expense', '300 million share repurchase program', 'wafer level assembly portfolio', 'positive net forex influences', 'broad based industry weakness', 'Such adverse influences', 'R&D spending', 'Richard W. Blickman', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'cost control efforts', 'latest twelve months', 'recent two quarters', 'current product mix', 'favorable product mix', 'cost reduction initiatives', 'hybrid bonding applications', 'computing end-user markets', 'automotive end-user markets', 'mainstream computing markets', 'high-end smartphone applications', 'current industry downturn', 'high-end smartphone bookings', 'lower revenue levels', 'semiconductor industry', 'first quarter results', 'broad weakness', 'assembly equipment', 'current downturn', 'automotive applications', 'OTC markets', 'Q1-23 Levels', 'industry downcycle', 'particular weakness', 'general weakness', 'temporary reduction', 'favorable prospects', 'lower mobile', 'Net Income', 'Net margin', 'Operating Profit', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'leading manufacturer', 'Key Highlights', 'Asian subcontractors', 'lesser extent', 'Gross margin', 'capital allocation', 'shareholders Outlook', 'Operating Income', 'Chinese customers', 'financial performance', 'comparable period', 'financial position', 'total purchases', 'August 2022 initiation', 'Order trends', 'negative effects', 'net cash', 'quarter end', 'lower shipments', 'year basis', 'cash flow', 'prior year', 'Q1-23 Revenue', 'Q2-23 Revenue', 'total revenue', 'Δ Revenue', 'Q4', 'Midpoint', 'Guidance', 'DUIVEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'Company', 'Besi', 'IDMs', 'Orders', '4.1 points', 'Q1-22', 'deposits', 'range', 'EPS', 'EBITDA', 'President', 'increased', 'impact', 'business', 'addition', 'demand', 'profitability', 'comparison', 'March', 'operations', 'shares', 'pull', '29.', '30.', '62', '€']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,globenewswire.com
23822,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-reports-financial-results-for-the-first-quarter-ended-march-31-2023-301808438.html,Universal Music Group N.V. Reports Financial Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31  2023,Summary Q1 2023 Results1 Revenue of €2 451 million increased 11.5% year-over-year  or 9.3% in constant currency  driven by strong growth in Recorded Music and Music Publishing Recorded Music subscription revenue grew 12.7% year-over-year  or 10.3% in constant…,"Summary Q1 2023 Results1Revenue of €2 451 million increased 11.5% year-over-year  or 9.3% in constant currency  driven by strong growth in Recorded Music and Music PublishingRecorded Music subscription revenue grew 12.7% year-over-year  or 10.3% in constant currency and streaming revenue grew 1.9% year-over-year  but declined 2.2% in constant currencyAdjusted EBITDA of €522 million increased 14.7% year-over-year  or 13.0% in constant currency  and Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 0.6 percentage points to 21.3%.Top sellers included King & Prince  Morgan Wallen   Taylor Swift   TOMORROW X TOGETHER and back number.1 This press release includes certain alternative performance indicators which are not defined in the International Financial Reporting Standards (""IFRS"") issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as endorsed by the EU. The descriptions of these alternative performance indicators and reconciliations of non-IFRS to IFRS measures are included in the Appendix to this press release.HILVERSUM  Netherlands  April 26  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced its financial results for the first quarter ended March 31  2023.""Our strong start to the year demonstrates our consistency in developing great artists and introducing their music to fans around the world "" said Sir Lucian Grainge  UMG's Chairman and CEO. ""We look forward to building on this momentum and furthering our track record of transforming disruptive technologies into opportunities to accelerate our business for our artists  fans and shareholders.""UMG""Our results reflect the continued evolution of our business towards consistent and predictable revenue from a growing array of sources "" said Boyd Muir  EVP  CFO and President of Operations for UMG. ""With revenue up 9% and Adjusted EBITDA up 13%  we're encouraged by our first quarter and remain on track to meet our plans for the year.""UMG ResultsThree Months Ended March 31  % % (in millions of euros) 2023 2022 YoY const.(unaudited) (unaudited)Revenue 2 451 2 199 11.5 % 9.3 % EBITDA 261 454 (42.5 %) (43.4 %) EBITDA margin 10.6 % 20.6 % (10.0pp)Adjusted EBITDA 522 455 14.7 % 13.0 % Adjusted EBITDA margin 21.3 % 20.7 % 0.6ppNote: % YoY indicates % change year-over-year; % const. indicates % change year-over-year adjusted for constant currency. Constant currency is calculated by taking current year results and comparing against prior year results restated at current year rates.Q1 2023 ResultsRevenue for the first quarter of 2023 was €2 451 million  an increase of 11.5% year-over-year  or 9.3% in constant currency. UMG's revenue growth was driven by strong growth in Recorded Music and Music Publishing  as discussed further below.EBITDA for the quarter fell 42.5% year-over-year  or 43.4% in constant currency  to €261 million and EBITDA margin was 10.6%  compared to 20.6% in the first quarter of 2022. As expected  this decline was driven by non-cash share-based compensation expenses of €261 million during the first quarter of 2023  compared to €1 million of non-cash share-based compensation expenses during the first quarter of 2022  as the Company rolled out its first global equity compensation plan  which began in the fourth quarter of 2022. Excluding non-cash share-based compensation expenses  Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was €522 million  up 14.7% year-over-year  or 13.0% in constant currency and Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 0.6 percentage points to 21.3%  compared to 20.7% in the first quarter of 2022  as a result of revenue growth  operating leverage and cash compensation savings of €9 million associated with the equity plan rollout.Recorded MusicThree Months Ended March 31  % % (in millions of euros) 2023 2022 YoY const.(unaudited) (unaudited)Subscriptions and streaming revenue 1 329 1 209 9.9 % 7.1 % of which streaming 315 309 1.9 % (2.2 %) of which subscription 1 014 900 12.7 % 10.3 % Downloads and other digital revenue 55 68 (19.1 %) (19.1 %) Physical revenue 313 237 32.1 % 32.6 % License and other revenue 226 207 9.2 % 8.1 % Recorded Music revenues 1 923 1 721 11.7 % 9.6 %Note: % YoY indicates % change year-over-year; % const. indicates % change year-over-year adjusted for constant currency.Q1 2023Recorded Music revenue for the first quarter of 2023 was €1 923 million  up 11.7% compared to the first quarter of 2022  or 9.6% in constant currency. Subscription revenue grew 12.7% year-over-year  or 10.3% in constant currency  driven primarily by the growth in global subscribers. Streaming revenue grew 1.9% year-over-year  but declined by 2.2% in constant currency  as the advertising industry continued to be impacted by a difficult economic environment. Physical revenue increased by 32.1% year-over-year  or 32.6% in constant currency  driven by strong CD and DVD sales in Japan and improvements in vinyl sales. Downloads and other digital revenue declined 19.1% year-over-year on both a reported and constant currency basis  as download sales continued their industry-wide decline. License and other revenue improved 9.2% year-over-year  or 8.1% in constant currency  as a result of improvements in neighbouring rights income. Top sellers for the quarter included releases from King & Prince  Morgan Wallen  Taylor Swift  TOMORROW X TOGETHER and back number  while top sellers in the prior-year quarter included releases from Disney's 'Encanto' Soundtrack  King & Prince  The Weeknd  Fujii Kaze and Ado.Music PublishingThree Months Ended March 31  % % (in millions of euros) 2023 2022 YoY const.(unaudited) (unaudited)Performance revenue 90 91 (1.1 %) (2.2 %) Synchronisation revenue 69 62 11.3 % 7.8 % Digital revenue 231 191 20.9 % 19.1 % Mechanical revenue 23 23 0.0 % 0.0 % Other revenue 12 8 50.0 % 50.0 % Music Publishing revenues 425 375 13.3 % 11.5 %Note: % YoY indicates % change year-over-year; % const. indicates % change year-over-year adjusted for constant currency.Q1 2023Music Publishing revenue for the first quarter of 2023 was €425 million  up 13.3% year-over-year  or 11.5% in constant currency. Digital revenue grew 20.9% year-over-year  or 19.1% in constant currency  driven by continued growth in streaming & subscription. Performance revenue declined 1.1% year-over-year  or 2.2% in constant currency  as the prior-year quarter benefited from a strong post-Covid recovery. Synchronization revenue increased 11.3% year-over-year  or 7.8% in constant currency  due to continued growth in synchronization opportunities for music. Mechanical revenue was in line with last year.Merchandising and OtherThree Months Ended March 31  % % (in millions of euros) 2023 2022 YoY const.(unaudited) (unaudited)Merchandising and other revenues 107 107 0.0 % (3.6 %)Note: % YoY indicates % change year-over-year; % const. indicates % change year-over-year adjusted for constant currency.Q1 2023Merchandising and Other revenue in the first quarter of 2023 was €107 million  in line with last year  but down 3.6% in constant currency. This decrease was due to a difficult comparison on touring merchandise sales against last year's pent-up demand for touring following a post-Covid reopening  as well as a decline in retail sales  offset by an increase in direct-to-consumer sales.Conference Call DetailsThe Company will host a conference call to discuss these results on Wednesday  April 26  2023 at 6:15PM CEST. A link to the live audio webcast will be available on investors.universalmusic.com and a link to the replay will be available after the call.While listeners may use the webcast  a dial-in telephone number is required for investors and analysts to ask questions. Investors and analysts interested in asking questions can pre-register for a dial-in line at investors.universalmusic.com under the ""Financial Reports"" tab.Cautionary NoticeThis press release is published by Universal Music Group N.V. and contains inside information within the meaning of article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (Market Abuse Regulation).Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain statements that constitute forward-looking statements with respect to UMG's financial condition  results of operations  business  strategy and plans. Such forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as 'profit forecast'  'expect'  'estimate'  'project'  'anticipate'  'should'  'intend'  'plan'  'probability'  'risk'  'target'  'goal'  'objective'  'will'  'endeavour'  'optimistic'  'prospects' and similar expressions or variations on such expressions. Although UMG believes that such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions  they are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements as a result of a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are related to factors that are outside UMG's control  including  but not limited to  UMG's inability to compete successfully and to identify  attract  sign and retain successful recording artists and songwriters  failure of streaming and subscription adoption or revenue to grow or to grow less rapidly than anticipated  UMG's reliance on digital service providers  UMG's inability to execute its business strategy  the global nature of UMG's operations  UMG's inability to protect its intellectual property and against piracy  UMG's inability to attract and retain key personnel  changes in laws and regulations and the other risks that are described in our 2022 Annual Report. Accordingly  UMG cautions readers against placing undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release. UMG disclaims any intention or obligation to provide  update or revise any such forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Alternative Performance IndicatorsThis press release includes certain alternative performance indicators which are not defined in IFRS issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as endorsed by the EU. The descriptions of these alternative performance indicators and reconciliations of non-IFRS to IFRS measures are included in the Appendix to this press release.About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group (EURONEXT: UMG)  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information on Universal Music Group N.V. visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsMediaJames Murtagh-Hopkins - [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun - [email protected]Upcoming CalendarAnnual General Meeting of Shareholders: May 11  2023AppendixNon-IFRS Alternative Performance Indicators and ReconciliationsReconciliation of Adjusted EBITDAThree Months Ended March 31  % (in millions of euros) 2023 2022 YoY(unaudited) (unaudited)EBITDA 261 454 (42.5 %)Non-cash share-based compensation expenses 261 1Adjusted EBITDA 522 455 14.7 %DefinitionsIn this press release  UMG presents certain financial measures when discussing UMG's performance that are not measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS (""non-IFRS""). These non-IFRS measures (also known as alternative performance indicators) are presented because management considers them important supplemental measures of UMG's performance and believes that they are widely used in the industry in which UMG operates as a means of evaluating a company's operating performance and liquidity. UMG believes that an understanding of its sales performance  profitability  financial strength and funding requirements is enhanced by reporting the following non-IFRS measures. All non-IFRS measures should be considered in addition to  and not as a substitute for  other IFRS measures of operating and financial performance as described in this press release. In addition  it should be noted that other companies may have definitions and calculations for these non-IFRS measures that differ from those used by UMG  thereby affecting comparability.EBITDA and EBITDA marginUMG considers EBITDA and EBITDA margin  non-IFRS measures  to be relevant measures to assess its operating performance and the performance of its operating segments as reported in the segment data. It enables UMG to compare the performance of operating segments regardless of whether their performance is driven by the operating segment's organic growth or by acquisitions. EBITDA margin is EBITDA divided by revenue. To calculate EBITDA  the accounting impact of the following items is excluded from the Operating Profit:amortization of intangible assets;impairment losses on goodwill and other intangibles;other income and expenses related to transactions with shareowners (except when directly recognized in equity);depreciation of tangible assets including right of use assets;(gains)/losses on the sale of tangible assets  included right of use assets and intangible assets;restructuring expenses; andother non-recurring items.Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA marginThe difference between EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA consists of non-cash share-based compensation expenses and certain one-time items that are deemed by management to be significant and incidental to normal business activity. Adjusted EBITDA margin is Adjusted EBITDA divided by revenue. UMG considers Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin  non-IFRS measures  to be relevant measures to assess performance of its operating activities excluding items that may be incidental to normal business activity.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/512308/UMG.jpgSOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.24,0.46,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Financial Results', 'First Quarter', 'March', 'Universal Music Group N.V.', 'first global equity compensation plan', 'International Accounting Standards Board', 'cash share-based compensation expenses', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'equity plan rollout', 'cash compensation savings', 'Recorded Music subscription revenue', 'TOMORROW X TOGETHER', 'alternative performance indicators', 'Sir Lucian Grainge', 'difficult economic environment', 'Summary Q1 2023 Results1', 'other digital revenue', 'current year rates', 'Recorded Music revenue', 'constant currency basis', 'current year results', 'prior year results', 'global subscribers', 'financial results', 'other revenue', 'Music Publishing', 'Music revenues', 'first quarter', 'streaming revenue', 'predictable revenue', 'Physical revenue', 'Top sellers', 'Morgan Wallen', 'Taylor Swift', 'back number', 'press release', 'strong start', 'disruptive technologies', 'continued evolution', 'growing array', 'Boyd Muir', 'Three Months', 'operating leverage', 'advertising industry', 'strong CD', 'DVD sales', 'vinyl sales', 'download sales', 'revenue growth', 'fourth quarter', 'strong growth', 'great artists', 'track record', 'YoY const', 'industry-wide decline', 'EBITDA margin', 'IFRS measures', 'UMG Results', 'King', 'Prince', 'EU', 'descriptions', 'reconciliations', 'Appendix', 'HILVERSUM', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Company', 'consistency', 'fans', 'world', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'momentum', 'opportunities', 'business', 'shareholders', 'consistent', 'sources', 'EVP', 'CFO', 'President', 'Operations', 'plans', 'March', 'millions', 'Note', 'increase', 'Subscriptions', 'Downloads', 'License', 'Japan', 'improvements', '31']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,prnewswire.com
23823,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-reports-financial-results-for-the-first-quarter-ended-march-31-2023-301808414.html,Universal Music Group N.V. Reports Financial Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31  2023,Summary Q1 2023 Results1 Revenue of €2 451 million increased 11.5% year-over-year  or 9.3% in constant currency  driven by strong growth in Recorded Music and Music Publishing Recorded Music subscription revenue grew 12.7% year-over-year  or 10.3% in constant…,"Summary Q1 2023 Results1Revenue of €2 451 million increased 11.5% year-over-year  or 9.3% in constant currency  driven by strong growth in Recorded Music and Music PublishingRecorded Music subscription revenue grew 12.7% year-over-year  or 10.3% in constant currency and streaming revenue grew 1.9% year-over-year  but declined 2.2% in constant currencyAdjusted EBITDA of €522 million increased 14.7% year-over-year  or 13.0% in constant currency  and Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 0.6 percentage points to 21.3%.Top sellers included King & Prince  Morgan Wallen   Taylor Swift   TOMORROW X TOGETHER and back number.1 This press release includes certain alternative performance indicators which are not defined in the International Financial Reporting Standards (""IFRS"") issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as endorsed by the EU. The descriptions of these alternative performance indicators and reconciliations of non-IFRS to IFRS measures are included in the Appendix to this press release.HILVERSUM  Netherlands  April 26  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (""UMG"" or ""the Company"") today announced its financial results for the first quarter ended March 31  2023.""Our strong start to the year demonstrates our consistency in developing great artists and introducing their music to fans around the world "" said Sir Lucian Grainge  UMG's Chairman and CEO. ""We look forward to building on this momentum and furthering our track record of transforming disruptive technologies into opportunities to accelerate our business for our artists  fans and shareholders.""""Our results reflect the continued evolution of our business towards consistent and predictable revenue from a growing array of sources "" said Boyd Muir  EVP  CFO and President of Operations for UMG. ""With revenue up 9% and Adjusted EBITDA up 13%  we're encouraged by our first quarter and remain on track to meet our plans for the year.""UMG ResultsThree Months Ended March 31  % % (in millions of euros) 2023 2022 YoY const.(unaudited) (unaudited)Revenue 2 451 2 199 11.5 % 9.3 % EBITDA 261 454 (42.5 %) (43.4 %) EBITDA margin 10.6 % 20.6 % (10.0pp)Adjusted EBITDA 522 455 14.7 % 13.0 % Adjusted EBITDA margin 21.3 % 20.7 % 0.6ppNote: % YoY indicates % change year-over-year; % const. indicates % change year-over-year adjusted for constant currency. Constant currency is calculated by taking current year results and comparing against prior year results restated at current year rates.Q1 2023 ResultsRevenue for the first quarter of 2023 was €2 451 million  an increase of 11.5% year-over-year  or 9.3% in constant currency. UMG's revenue growth was driven by strong growth in Recorded Music and Music Publishing  as discussed further below.EBITDA for the quarter fell 42.5% year-over-year  or 43.4% in constant currency  to €261 million and EBITDA margin was 10.6%  compared to 20.6% in the first quarter of 2022. As expected  this decline was driven by non-cash share-based compensation expenses of €261 million during the first quarter of 2023  compared to €1 million of non-cash share-based compensation expenses during the first quarter of 2022  as the Company rolled out its first global equity compensation plan  which began in the fourth quarter of 2022. Excluding non-cash share-based compensation expenses  Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was €522 million  up 14.7% year-over-year  or 13.0% in constant currency and Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded 0.6 percentage points to 21.3%  compared to 20.7% in the first quarter of 2022  as a result of revenue growth  operating leverage and cash compensation savings of €9 million associated with the equity plan rollout.Recorded MusicThree Months Ended March 31  % % (in millions of euros) 2023 2022 YoY const.(unaudited) (unaudited)Subscriptions and streaming revenue 1 329 1 209 9.9 % 7.1 % of which streaming 315 309 1.9 % (2.2 %) of which subscription 1 014 900 12.7 % 10.3 % Downloads and other digital revenue 55 68 (19.1 %) (19.1 %) Physical revenue 313 237 32.1 % 32.6 % License and other revenue 226 207 9.2 % 8.1 % Recorded Music revenues 1 923 1 721 11.7 % 9.6 %Note: % YoY indicates % change year-over-year; % const. indicates % change year-over-year adjusted for constant currency.Q1 2023Recorded Music revenue for the first quarter of 2023 was €1 923 million  up 11.7% compared to the first quarter of 2022  or 9.6% in constant currency. Subscription revenue grew 12.7% year-over-year  or 10.3% in constant currency  driven primarily by the growth in global subscribers. Streaming revenue grew 1.9% year-over-year  but declined by 2.2% in constant currency  as the advertising industry continued to be impacted by a difficult economic environment. Physical revenue increased by 32.1% year-over-year  or 32.6% in constant currency  driven by strong CD and DVD sales in Japan and improvements in vinyl sales. Downloads and other digital revenue declined 19.1% year-over-year on both a reported and constant currency basis  as download sales continued their industry-wide decline. License and other revenue improved 9.2% year-over-year  or 8.1% in constant currency  as a result of improvements in neighbouring rights income. Top sellers for the quarter included releases from King & Prince  Morgan Wallen  Taylor Swift  TOMORROW X TOGETHER and back number  while top sellers in the prior-year quarter included releases from Disney's 'Encanto' Soundtrack  King & Prince  The Weeknd  Fujii Kaze and Ado.Music PublishingThree Months Ended March 31  % % (in millions of euros) 2023 2022 YoY const.(unaudited) (unaudited)Performance revenue 90 91 (1.1 %) (2.2 %) Synchronisation revenue 69 62 11.3 % 7.8 % Digital revenue 231 191 20.9 % 19.1 % Mechanical revenue 23 23 0.0 % 0.0 % Other revenue 12 8 50.0 % 50.0 % Music Publishing revenues 425 375 13.3 % 11.5 %Note: % YoY indicates % change year-over-year; % const. indicates % change year-over-year adjusted for constant currency.Q1 2023Music Publishing revenue for the first quarter of 2023 was €425 million  up 13.3% year-over-year  or 11.5% in constant currency. Digital revenue grew 20.9% year-over-year  or 19.1% in constant currency  driven by continued growth in streaming & subscription. Performance revenue declined 1.1% year-over-year  or 2.2% in constant currency  as the prior-year quarter benefited from a strong post-Covid recovery. Synchronization revenue increased 11.3% year-over-year  or 7.8% in constant currency  due to continued growth in synchronization opportunities for music. Mechanical revenue was in line with last year.Merchandising and OtherThree Months Ended March 31  % % (in millions of euros) 2023 2022 YoY const.(unaudited) (unaudited)Merchandising and other revenues 107 107 0.0 % (3.6 %)Note: % YoY indicates % change year-over-year; % const. indicates % change year-over-year adjusted for constant currency.Q1 2023Merchandising and Other revenue in the first quarter of 2023 was €107 million  in line with last year  but down 3.6% in constant currency. This decrease was due to a difficult comparison on touring merchandise sales against last year's pent-up demand for touring following a post-Covid reopening  as well as a decline in retail sales  offset by an increase in direct-to-consumer sales.Conference Call DetailsThe Company will host a conference call to discuss these results on Wednesday  April 26  2023 at 6:15PM CEST. A link to the live audio webcast will be available on investors.universalmusic.com and a link to the replay will be available after the call.While listeners may use the webcast  a dial-in telephone number is required for investors and analysts to ask questions. Investors and analysts interested in asking questions can pre-register for a dial-in line at investors.universalmusic.com under the ""Financial Reports"" tab.Cautionary NoticeThis press release is published by Universal Music Group N.V. and contains inside information within the meaning of article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (Market Abuse Regulation).Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain statements that constitute forward-looking statements with respect to UMG's financial condition  results of operations  business  strategy and plans. Such forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as 'profit forecast'  'expect'  'estimate'  'project'  'anticipate'  'should'  'intend'  'plan'  'probability'  'risk'  'target'  'goal'  'objective'  'will'  'endeavour'  'optimistic'  'prospects' and similar expressions or variations on such expressions. Although UMG believes that such forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions  they are not guarantees of future performance. Actual results may differ materially from such forward-looking statements as a result of a number of risks and uncertainties  many of which are related to factors that are outside UMG's control  including  but not limited to  UMG's inability to compete successfully and to identify  attract  sign and retain successful recording artists and songwriters  failure of streaming and subscription adoption or revenue to grow or to grow less rapidly than anticipated  UMG's reliance on digital service providers  UMG's inability to execute its business strategy  the global nature of UMG's operations  UMG's inability to protect its intellectual property and against piracy  UMG's inability to attract and retain key personnel  changes in laws and regulations and the other risks that are described in our 2022 Annual Report. Accordingly  UMG cautions readers against placing undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release. UMG disclaims any intention or obligation to provide  update or revise any such forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Alternative Performance IndicatorsThis press release includes certain alternative performance indicators which are not defined in IFRS issued by the International Accounting Standards Board as endorsed by the EU. The descriptions of these alternative performance indicators and reconciliations of non-IFRS to IFRS measures are included in the Appendix to this press release.About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group (EURONEXT: UMG)  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information on Universal Music Group N.V. visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsMediaJames Murtagh-Hopkins - [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun - [email protected]Upcoming CalendarAnnual General Meeting of Shareholders: May 11  2023AppendixNon-IFRS Alternative Performance Indicators and ReconciliationsReconciliation of Adjusted EBITDAThree Months Ended March 31  % (in millions of euros) 2023 2022 YoY(unaudited) (unaudited)EBITDA 261 454 (42.5 %)Non-cash share-based compensation expenses 261 1Adjusted EBITDA 522 455 14.7 %DefinitionsIn this press release  UMG presents certain financial measures when discussing UMG's performance that are not measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS (""non-IFRS""). These non-IFRS measures (also known as alternative performance indicators) are presented because management considers them important supplemental measures of UMG's performance and believes that they are widely used in the industry in which UMG operates as a means of evaluating a company's operating performance and liquidity. UMG believes that an understanding of its sales performance  profitability  financial strength and funding requirements is enhanced by reporting the following non-IFRS measures. All non-IFRS measures should be considered in addition to  and not as a substitute for  other IFRS measures of operating and financial performance as described in this press release. In addition  it should be noted that other companies may have definitions and calculations for these non-IFRS measures that differ from those used by UMG  thereby affecting comparability.EBITDA and EBITDA marginUMG considers EBITDA and EBITDA margin  non-IFRS measures  to be relevant measures to assess its operating performance and the performance of its operating segments as reported in the segment data. It enables UMG to compare the performance of operating segments regardless of whether their performance is driven by the operating segment's organic growth or by acquisitions. EBITDA margin is EBITDA divided by revenue. To calculate EBITDA  the accounting impact of the following items is excluded from the Operating Profit:amortization of intangible assets;impairment losses on goodwill and other intangibles;other income and expenses related to transactions with shareowners (except when directly recognized in equity);depreciation of tangible assets including right of use assets;(gains)/losses on the sale of tangible assets  included right of use assets and intangible assets;restructuring expenses; andother non-recurring items.Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA marginThe difference between EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA consists of non-cash share-based compensation expenses and certain one-time items that are deemed by management to be significant and incidental to normal business activity. Adjusted EBITDA margin is Adjusted EBITDA divided by revenue. UMG considers Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin  non-IFRS measures  to be relevant measures to assess performance of its operating activities excluding items that may be incidental to normal business activity.SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.31,0.4,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Financial Results', 'First Quarter', 'March', 'Universal Music Group N.V.', 'first global equity compensation plan', 'International Accounting Standards Board', 'cash share-based compensation expenses', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'equity plan rollout', 'cash compensation savings', 'Recorded Music subscription revenue', 'TOMORROW X TOGETHER', 'alternative performance indicators', 'Sir Lucian Grainge', 'difficult economic environment', 'Summary Q1 2023 Results1', 'other digital revenue', 'current year rates', 'Recorded Music revenue', 'constant currency basis', 'current year results', 'prior year results', 'global subscribers', 'financial results', 'other revenue', 'Music Publishing', 'Music revenues', 'first quarter', 'streaming revenue', 'predictable revenue', 'Physical revenue', 'Top sellers', 'Morgan Wallen', 'Taylor Swift', 'back number', 'press release', 'strong start', 'disruptive technologies', 'continued evolution', 'growing array', 'Boyd Muir', 'Three Months', 'operating leverage', 'advertising industry', 'strong CD', 'DVD sales', 'vinyl sales', 'download sales', 'revenue growth', 'fourth quarter', 'strong growth', 'great artists', 'track record', 'YoY const', 'industry-wide decline', 'EBITDA margin', 'UMG Results', 'IFRS measures', 'King', 'Prince', 'EU', 'descriptions', 'reconciliations', 'Appendix', 'HILVERSUM', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Company', 'consistency', 'fans', 'world', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'momentum', 'opportunities', 'business', 'shareholders', 'consistent', 'sources', 'EVP', 'CFO', 'President', 'Operations', 'plans', 'March', 'millions', 'Note', 'increase', 'Subscriptions', 'Downloads', 'License', 'Japan', 'improvements', '31', '10.3']",2023-04-26,2023-04-27,prnewswire.com
23824,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-04/58938675-accor-acquisition-company-s-a-cp-rfa-et-rachat-des-actions-marche-version-anglaise-650.htm,ACCOR ACQUISITION COMPANY S.A.: CP RFA et rachat des Actions Marché - Version anglaise,Accor Acquisition Company announces its intention to liquidate after buying back all the Market Shares The Company has closed its 2022 annual accounts and is making,"Regulated informationApril 27  2023Accor Acquisition Company announces its intention to liquidate after buying back all the Market SharesThe Company has closed its 2022 annual accounts and is making available its annual financial report for the year 2022On April 27  2023  the Board of Directors of Accor Acquisition Company (""AAC"" or the ""Company""; Euronext Paris: AAC) resolved that the Company has not identified a target that meets the criteria defined by the Board  and thus will not complete an Initial Business Combination (or IBC)  as defined in AAC's Prospectus approved by the AMF on 26 May 2021 under number 21-180 and in its Articles of Association  before June 1  2023 (the Initial Business Combination Deadline).As a result  the Company has decided to proceed with the early buy-back of all of its Market Shares  i.e.  27 702 143 Market Shares  at a unit price of 10 Euros  in accordance with the Articles of Association and the terms and conditions of the Market Shares (and as described in the Prospectus)  which entitle the Board of Directors of the Company to decide on and implement such early buy-back where no IBC has been completed before the Initial Business Combination Deadline.Under the conditions described below  this buy-back will be carried out in full using the funds retained by the Company in the escrow account set up at the time of the listing of the Company's Units on Euronext Paris. It is specified that the escrow account no longer bears negative interest since July 2022 and that the amount credited to the escrow account amounts to 277 021 430 Euros  corresponding to the total subscription price of the Units.Such buy-back of the Market Shares will be carried out for cancellation and capital reduction purposes  subject to the Company's creditors not objecting to such capital reduction during the legal period of 20 days (or  in the event of objection during this period  to the commercial court's reject thereof).On June 2  2023  in accordance with its Articles of Association and the Prospectus and subject to the absence of any objection to the capital reduction from the Company's creditors during the aforementioned legal period  the Board of Directors will acknowledge that no IBC has been completed  will determine the effective date of the Market Shares buy-back and  accordingly  the Company will issue a press release announcing its decision to proceed with such buy-back on the date so determined (the ""Final Buy-Back Notice"").If so  on such date  expected to be June 12  2023 (subject to the above conditions)  the effective buy-back will be carried out for all the Market Shares  without any action being required from the holders of Market Shares: on such date  the centralizing agent will pay to each holder of Market Shares an amount equal to the number of Market Shares it holds multiplied by 10 Euros. All Market Shares will then be immediately bought back and cancelled  by way of capital reduction.For the purposes of the above transactions  the listing of the Market Shares and the Market Warrants would be suspended as of June 8  2023  and the Market Shares and the Market Warrants would be delisted by Euronext Paris on June 12  2023.An indicative timetable of the next steps is provided below  and will be confirmed as part of the Final Buy-Back Notice.At the end of these operations  the holders of Founder Shares will meet in a combined general meeting in order to  inter alia  approve the accounts for the financial year ending on 31 December 2022  and to decide on the early dissolution and liquidation of the Company. It is anticipated that upon liquidation  the holders of Founder Shares will not be able to recover the full amount of their contributions to the Company.As a result of the failure to complete an IBC on the Initial Business Combination Deadline  the Market Warrants and the Founder Warrants will be definitively deprived of any exercise right  and will expire without any value in the context of the forthcoming liquidation  in accordance with their respective terms and conditions  the Company's Articles of Association  the Prospectus and the Company's press release dated May 28  2021.AAC also announces today the availability of its annual financial report for the year ended December 31  2022  filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF). This report can be viewed and downloaded from the Company's website: Accor Acquisition Company  under the ""Regulated Information"" section.Indicative timetable.The timetable below sets out the contemplated dates for certain important steps in the process outlined  if the conditions set out in this press release are met. It will be confirmed by the Final Buy-Back Notice  if applicable.June 2  2023  after market Publication of the Final Buy-Back Notice by the CompanyPublication of a market notice by Euronext Paris June 8  2023  before opening Suspension of the listing of the Market Shares and the Market Warrants on Euronext Paris June 12  2023  before opening Delisting of the Market Shares and the Market Warrants by Euronext Paris June 12  2023 Buy-Back and payment for Market SharesCancellation of the Market Shares  and reduction of the Company's capital End of June 2023 General meeting of the Company with the holders of Founder Shares  in particular to decide on the early dissolution and liquidation of the CompanyABOUT ACCOR ACQUISITION COMPANYAccor Acquisition Company (""AAC"") is the first European Corporate Special Purpose Acquisition Company (""SPAC"") sponsored by Accor and created for the exclusive purpose of acquiring one or several businesses active in sectors adjacent to Accor's core hospitality business  including Food and Beverage  Flexible Working  Wellness  Entertainment & Events and Travel Technology.Contacts: Anne-France MalrieuMedia Relationsafmalrieu@image7.fr Pierre BoisselierFinancial communicationPierre.boisselier@accor.com------------------------This publication embed ""Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key:x2ubZ5maZZybyGxxlsplmmFqmptqxWHKbmbLlWFwmJedapyVnGpkZ8nJZnBqm2ps- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.------------------------© Copyright Actusnews WireReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's freeFull and original release in PDF format:https://www.actusnews.com/documents_communiques/ACTUS-0-79656-cp-rfa-et-rachat-des-actions-marche-version-anglaise.pdf",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['ACCOR ACQUISITION COMPANY S.A.', 'CP RFA', 'Actions Marché', 'Version anglaise', 'rachat', 'des marchés financiers', 'Initial Business Combination Deadline', 'total subscription price', 'Final Buy-Back Notice', 'Regulated Information"" section', 'annual financial report', 'Accor Acquisition Company', 'All Market Shares', 'capital reduction purposes', 'market notice', 'unit price', 'early buy-back', 'Such buy-back', 'effective buy-back', '2022 annual accounts', '27,702,143 Market Shares', 'Founder Shares', 'Market Warrants', 'Euronext Paris', 'escrow account', 'negative interest', 'commercial court', 'press release', 'centralizing agent', 'next steps', 'general meeting', 'financial year', 'early dissolution', 'Founder Warrants', 'exercise right', 'important steps', 'legal period', 'indicative timetable', 'market Publication', 'respective terms', 'The Company', 'full amount', 'forthcoming liquidation', 'effective date', 'April', 'intention', 'Board', 'Directors', 'AAC', 'target', 'criteria', 'IBC', 'Prospectus', 'AMF', '26 May', 'number', 'Articles', 'Association', 'June', 'result', '10 Euros', 'accordance', 'conditions', 'funds', 'listing', 'Units', 'July', '277,021,430 Euros', 'cancellation', 'creditors', '20 days', 'event', 'objection', 'reject', 'absence', 'decision', 'action', 'holders', 'way', 'part', 'end', 'operations', 'order', '31 December', 'contributions', 'failure', 'value', 'context', 'availability', 'website', 'dates', 'process', 'Suspension']",2023-04-05,2023-04-27,finanznachrichten.de
23825,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.benzinga.com/pressreleases/23/04/g32052980/sequana-medical-announces-new-share-capital-amount-and-new-number-of-shares,SEQUANA MEDICAL ANNOUNCES NEW SHARE CAPITAL AMOUNT AND NEW NUMBER OF SHARES,"PRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION27 April 2023  07:00 p.m. CEST Ghent  Belgium  27 April 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the","PRESS RELEASEREGULATED INFORMATION27 April 2023   0 7 :00 p.m. CE S TGhent  Belgium  27 April 2023 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  a pioneer in the treatment of fluid overload in liver disease  heart failure and cancer  announces that in the context of the private placement of new shares and new subscription rights that was announced on 24 April 2023 and priced on 25 April 2023 by means of a private placement through an accelerated bookbuilding procedure of new shares and new subscription rights  the Company's share capital has increased on 27 April 2023 from EUR 2 460 486.98 to EUR 2 906 418.68 and the number of issued and outstanding shares has increased from 23 746 528 to 28 050 888 ordinary shares  through the issuance of a total of 4 304 360 new shares. The Company also issued 1 076 083 new subscription rights. An additional 140 845 new shares and 35 211 new subscription rights are expected to be issued and delivered no later than on 10 May 2023.The total current number of outstanding subscription rights amounts to 4 109 797  which entitles their holders (if exercised) to subscribe to 3 870 110 new shares with voting rights in total  namely:up to 261 895 new shares can be issued upon the exercise of 90 780 share options that are still outstanding under the 'Executive Share Options' plan for staff members and consultants of the Company  entitling the holder thereof to acquire ca. 2.88 new shares when exercising one of his or her share options (the "" Executive Share Options "");""); up to 1 067 924 new shares can be issued upon the exercise of 1 067 924 share options (each share option having the form of a subscription right) that are still outstanding under the '2018 Share Options' plan for directors  employees and other staff members of the Company and its subsidiaries  entitling the holder thereof to acquire one new share when exercising one of his or her share options (the "" 2018 Share Options "");""); up to 1 000 000 new shares can be issued upon the exercise of 1 000 000 share options (each share option having the form of a subscription right) that are still outstanding under the '2021 Share Options' plan for directors  employees and other staff members of the Company and its subsidiaries  entitling the holder thereof to acquire one new share when exercising one of his or her share options (the "" 2021 Share Options "");""); up to 302 804 new shares can be issued to Bootstrap Europe S.C.SP. upon the exercise of 10 warrants (each warrant having the form of a subscription right) that are still outstanding that have been issued by the extraordinary shareholders meeting of 27 May 2022 (the "" Bootstrap Warrants "");""); up to 161 404 new shares can be issued to Kreos Capital VII Aggregator SCSp. upon the exercise of 875 000 warrants (each warrant having the form of a subscription right) that are still outstanding that have been issued by the extraordinary shareholders meeting of 10 February 2023 (the "" Kreos Warrants ""); and""); and up to 1 076 083 new shares can be issued upon exercise of 1 076 083 subscription rights that are still outstanding that have been issued by the board of directors (within the framework of the authorized capital) on 27 April 2023 in the framework of the aforementioned private placement of new shares and new subscription rights (the ""2023 Investor Warrants"").This announcement is made in accordance with Article 15 of the Belgian Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major participations in issuers of which shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and regarding miscellaneous provisions.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsE: IR@sequanamedical.comT: +32 (0)498 053579Optimum Strategic CommunicationsNick Bastin  Jonathan Edwards  Vici RabbettsE: Sequana@optimumcomms.comT: +44 (0) 208 078 4357About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical NV is a pioneer in treating fluid overload  a serious and frequent clinical complication in patients with liver disease  heart failure and cancer. These patients can have up to 15 liters of extra fluid in their bodies  causing major medical issues including increased mortality  repeated hospitalizations  severe pain  difficult breathing and restricted mobility that severely impacts daily life. Although diuretics are standard of care  the problem is that in many patients they are no longer effective and / or tolerable. There are limited effective treatment options for these patients  resulting in poor clinical outcomes  high costs and a major impact on their quality of life. Sequana Medical is seeking to provide innovative treatment options for this large and growing ""diuretic-resistant"" patient population.alfapump® and DSR® are Sequana Medical's proprietary platforms that work with the body to treat diuretic-resistant fluid overload  delivering major clinical and quality of life benefits for patients and reducing costs for healthcare systems. The Company has reported positive primary endpoint data from the North American pivotal POSEIDON trial of the alfapump in recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis  enabling the filing of a Pre-Market Approval (PMA) application with the FDA  planned for H2 2023. Having delivered clinical proof-of-concept for DSR as a disease-modifying drug program for the treatment of heart failure  the Company is planning to commence MOJAVE  a US randomized controlled multi-center Phase 1/2a clinical trial of DSR 2.0  in Q2 2023.Sequana Medical is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels SEQUA and headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is currently not approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Trial) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical trial see www.poseidonstudy.com. DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. DSR therapy is currently not approved for clinical research in the United States or Canada. There is no link between DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® and DSR® are registered trademarks.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.Attachments",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.04,0.66,True,English,"['NEW SHARE CAPITAL AMOUNT', 'SEQUANA MEDICAL ANNOUNCES', 'NEW NUMBER', 'SHARES', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'Bootstrap Europe S.C.SP', 'Kreos Capital VII Aggregator SCSp.', 'positive primary endpoint data', 'growing ""diuretic-resistant"" patient population', 'limited effective treatment options', ""Executive Share Options' plan"", 'CE S T', 'extraordinary shareholders meeting', 'Optimum Strategic Communications', 'frequent clinical complication', 'poor clinical outcomes', 'other staff members', ""2018 Share Options' plan"", ""2021 Share Options' plan"", 'innovative treatment options', 'diuretic-resistant fluid overload', 'outstanding subscription rights', 'one new share', 'new subscription rights', 'up to 15 liters', 'major medical issues', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'additional 140,845 new shares', 'total current number', '1,076,083 subscription rights', 'Bootstrap Warrants', 'Kreos Warrants', '2023 Investor Warrants', 'share capital', '90,780 share options', '1,067,924 share options', '1,000,000 share options', 'major clinical', 'voting rights', 'outstanding shares', '4,304,360 new shares', '3,870,110 new shares', '261,895 new shares', '2.88 new shares', '1,067,924 new shares', '1,000,000 new shares', '302,804 new shares', '161,404 new shares', '1,076,083 new shares', 'major participations', 'extra fluid', 'major impact', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'liver disease', 'heart failure', 'private placement', 'bookbuilding procedure', '28,050,888 ordinary shares', 'Belgian Act', 'regulated market', 'miscellaneous provisions', 'Nick Bastin', 'Jonathan Edwards', 'Vici Rabbetts', 'severe pain', 'difficult breathing', 'restricted mobility', 'proprietary platforms', 'healthcare systems', 'North Am', 'daily life', 'life benefits', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'high costs', 'The Company', 'many patients', '10 warrants', '875,000 warrants', '27 April', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', 'pioneer', 'cancer', 'context', '24 April', '25 April', 'means', 'issuance', '10 May', 'exercise', 'consultants', 'directors', 'employees', 'subsidiaries', '27 May', '10 February', 'board', 'framework', 'announcement', 'accordance', 'Article', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'serious', 'bodies', 'increased', 'mortality', 'hospitalizations', 'diuretics', 'standard', 'problem', 'quality', 'large', 'alfapump®', 'DSR®', 'body', '7 :00', '44']",2023-04-27,2023-04-27,benzinga.com
23826,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.afp.com/en/news/1315/kalray-showcases-leading-solutions-high-performance-computing-and-unstructured-data-dell-technologies-world-2023-202304270056011,Kalray Showcases Leading Solutions for High-performance Computing and Unstructured Data at Dell Technologies World 2023,Kalray (Euronext Growth Paris: ALKAL)  a leading provider of hardware and software technologies and solutions for high-performance data-centric computing markets  from Cloud to Edge  is pleased to announce its presence at Dell Technologies World as a Dell ETC Partner ,"Kalray (Euronext Growth Paris: ALKAL)  a leading provider of hardware and software technologies and solutions for high-performance data-centric computing markets  from Cloud to Edge  is pleased to announce its presence at Dell Technologies World as a Dell ETC Partner  from May 22 to 25  2023  in Las Vegas.Dell Technologies World (DTW) is a major annual event that brings together industry leaders  experts  and customers to discuss the latest trends and innovations in technology. The event covers a wide range of topics and attracts thousands of attendees from around the world.Kalray will be exhibiting at DTW as a Dell Technologies ETC Partner. The ETC program is a Dell Technologies partnership program delivering all-in-one solutions  combining selected ETC partner solutions with Dell Technologies servers  storage  and networking  to create an industry-leading value proposition.With its solutions  Kalray addresses the challenges of data-intensive workloads for use cases such as Artificial Intelligence  Machine Learning  High-Performance Computing  IoT processing  and unstructured data. Primary verticals are Life Sciences  Manufacturing  Higher Education  and Finance. All have requirements to process and manage unstructured data in a fast and efficient way  wherever the data resides.“This is a great opportunity for Kalray to demonstrate our unique portfolio for HPC and Unstructured Data Solutions  to enterprise customers "" says Kalray CEO  Éric Baissus. “The exhibition booth and joint presentation activities at Dell Technologies World is part of our strategy to accelerate our go-to-market and strengthen our offering with Dell Technologies.""pixstor™ with ngenea®   combined with Dell Technologies solutions  provides customers an all-in-one  easy-to-use solution that meets the requirements of demanding storage workloads. pixstor’s™ “Tier-Zero” scratch storage enables customers to dramatically increase storage performance  while ngenea® vastly improves efficiency by consolidating storage environments such as Dell PowerScale and ECS  simplifying data management workflows.Associated with Kalray’s DPU-based cards  Kalray provides a unique hardware and software storage offering.At Dell Technologies World  attendees can learn more about Kalray’s award-winning solutions at booth #1729. The Kalray team will be showcasing several live product demos:pixstor™ Search finds data across an entire data namespace  without opening a single file. Bring users closer to their data and reducing time spent locating files.Discover ngenea®2 self-service for the world of HSM (Hierarchical storage Management). Watch live as ngenea®2 controls site-to-site replication and cloud bursting  without needing administrative privileges or cloud expertise.Global Sync- Distributed workflow challenges call for a distributed workflow solution. Keep your global footprint in sync and up to date  even with hundreds of thousands of changes per hour.Kalray will be also introducing a high-performance NVMe-based Tier-0 storage solution based on its DPU (Data Processing Unit) acceleration cards and Dell Technologies server. Designed for data-intensive workloads and applications  this solution offers unique benefits in term of performance per watt and performance per dollar.Register your interest in our product showcase or book a meeting with our technical experts here:https://www.kalrayinc.com/dtw-2023About KALRAYKalray is a leading provider of hardware and software technologies and solutions for high-performance  data centric computing markets  from Cloud to Edge. Kalray provides a full range of products to enable smarter  more efficient  and energy-wise data-intensive applications and infrastructures.Its offers include its unique patented DPU (Data Processing Unit) processors and acceleration cards as well as its leading-edge software-defined storage and data management offers. Separated or in combination  Kalray’s high-performance solutions allow its customers to improve the efficiency of data centers or design the best solutions in fast-growing sectors such as AI  Media & Entertainment  Life Sciences  Scientific Research  Edge Computing  Automotive and others.Founded in 2008 as a spin-off of the well-known French CEA research lab  with corporate and financial investors such as Alliance Venture (Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi)  NXP Semiconductors or Bpifrance  Kalray is dedicated through technology  expertise  and passion to offer more: more for a smart world  more for the planet  more for customers and developers. www.kalrayinc.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230427005601/en/INVESTOR CONTACTSEric BAISSUScontactinvestisseurs@kalrayinc.comPhone: + 33 4 76 18 90 71ACTUS Finance & CommunicationAnne-Pauline PETUREAUXkalray@actus.frPhone: + 33 1 53 67 36 72PRESS CONTACTSSylvie DAMcommunication@kalrayinc.comPhone: +33 4 76 18 90 71ACTUS Finance & CommunicationSerena BONIsboni@actus.frPhone: +33 4 72 18 04 92© Business Wire  Inc.Disclaimer:This press release is not a document produced by AFP. AFP shall not bear responsibility for its content. In case you have any questions about this press release  please refer to the contact person/entity mentioned in the text of the press release.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.01,True,English,"['Dell Technologies World', 'Leading Solutions', 'High-performance Computing', 'Unstructured Data', 'Kalray', 'DPU (Data Processing Unit) acceleration cards', 'Global Sync- Distributed workflow challenges', 'high-performance, data centric computing markets', 'high-performance NVMe-based Tier-0 storage solution', 'high-performance data-centric computing markets', 'several live product demos', 'French CEA research lab', 'Dell Technologies partnership program', 'Dell Technologies ETC Partner', 'distributed workflow solution', 'The ETC program', 'Dell ETC Partner', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'industry-leading value proposition', 'joint presentation activities', 'Dell Technologies servers', 'Tier-Zero” scratch storage', 'Hierarchical storage Management', 'leading-edge software-defined storage', 'data management workflows', 'entire data namespace', 'ETC partner solutions', 'Dell Technologies World', 'demanding storage workloads', 'major annual event', 'Dell Technologies solutions', 'data management offers', 'energy-wise data-intensive applications', 'The Kalray team', 'software storage offering', 'Unstructured Data Solutions', 'High-Performance Computing', 'IoT processing', 'high-performance solutions', 'global footprint', 'DPU-based cards', 'software technologies', 'Dell PowerScale', 'product showcase', 'Scientific Research', 'storage environments', 'data-intensive workloads', 'data centers', 'Edge Computing', 'smart world', 'storage performance', 'leading provider', 'Las Vegas', 'industry leaders', 'latest trends', 'wide range', 'Artificial Intelligence', 'Machine Learning', 'Primary verticals', 'Life Sciences', 'Higher Education', 'efficient way', 'great opportunity', 'unique portfolio', 'Éric Baissus', 'award-winning solutions', 'single file', 'site replication', 'administrative privileges', 'unique benefits', 'full range', 'unique patented', 'best solutions', 'growing sectors', 'financial investors', 'Alliance Venture', 'NXP Semiconductors', 'source version', 'INVESTOR CONTACTS', 'Eric BAISSUS', 'Anne-Pauline PETUREAUX', 'PRESS CONTACTS', 'Sylvie DAM', 'Serena BONI', 'Business Wire', 'press release', 'one solutions', 'exhibition booth', 'ngenea®2 self-service', 'ngenea®2 controls', 'technical experts', 'unique hardware', 'pixstor™ Search', 'Kalray CEO', 'enterprise customers', 'ACTUS Finance', 'cloud expertise', 'ALKAL', 'presence', 'May', 'DTW', 'innovations', 'technology', 'topics', 'thousands', 'attendees', 'networking', 'use', 'cases', 'Manufacturing', 'requirements', 'fast', 'HPC', 'strategy', 'efficiency', 'ECS', 'time', 'files', 'HSM', 'date', 'hundreds', 'changes', 'hour', 'term', 'dollar', 'interest', 'meeting', 'kalrayinc', 'products', 'infrastructures', 'combination', 'Media', 'Entertainment', 'Automotive', 'others', 'spin-off', 'corporate', 'Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi', 'Bpifrance', 'passion', 'planet', 'developers', 'businesswire', 'Phone', 'Communication', 'Disclaimer', '33', '4']",2023-04-27,2023-04-27,afp.com
23827,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/genfit-announces-publication-extra-financial-201000746.html,GENFIT Announces Publication of Extra-Financial Performance Report 2022,GENFIT Announces Publication of Extra-Financial Performance Report 2022 Lille (France); Cambridge  (Massachusetts  United States); Zurich (Switzerland); April 27  2023 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT) ,GENFIT Announces Publication of Extra-Financial Performance Report 2022Lille (France); Cambridge  (Massachusetts  United States); Zurich (Switzerland); April 27  2023 - GENFIT (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT)  a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with rare and severe liver diseases  today announced the publication of its Extra-Financial Performance Report 2022.GENFIT’s Extra-Financial Performance Report in its second editionSince 2022  GENFIT has been publishing a detailed annual report in response to the increasing interest from institutional investors  individual investors  financial and Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) analysts  current employees and potential candidates  GENFIT’s strategic and industrial partners and public institutions. The Company is also preparing for the application of new legal requirements in both Europe and the US rendering the disclosure of non-financial reporting mandatory.1 The 2022 report is available on the Company website.GENFIT’s commitment to CSROur commitment is driven  above all  from our determination to act as a socially responsible company.As a biopharmaceutical company  this commitment goes beyond our core activity whose purpose it is to respond to the societal need of developing innovative  effective and safe therapeutic solutions for patients suffering from rare and severe liver diseases with a high unmet medical need. This is aligned with the third Sustainable Development Goal of the United Nations.GENFIT believes that there is a correlation between its long-term financial performance and its extra-financial performance in that the societal impact of its research and development programs  as well as the social impact of its activity  its rigorous governance practices (particularly in relation to the demands of the relevant health authorities and financial market regulators) and its low environmental footprint can create meaningful long-term value for patients  healthcare systems  employees and shareholders.Story continuesPascal Prigent  Chief Executive Officer of GENFIT  commented: “GENFIT has always been sensitive to CSR matters. It makes good ethical sense. Set up in 2021 within the Board of Directors  the ESG Committee ensures that an annual CSR roadmap defines a progress trajectory centered around clear initiatives: implementation of policies  actions and performance indicators in relation to material issues. Since 2021  Jean-Christophe Marcoux  Chief Corporate Affairs Officer and member of the Executive Committee has been overseeing GENFIT’s CSR program.”An overview of GENFIT’s CSR in 2022 and prospects for 2023GENFIT’s CSR actions in 2021  its extra-financial performance progression and its transparent communication in 2022 were acknowledged by two independent rating agencies. A bronze medal was awarded by Ethifinance (Gaïa report) and a “Prime” status label was granted by ISS. In addition  a social impact investment fund categorized under Article 9 of the European Sustainable Financial Disclosure Regulation (which obtained the “Relance” label in France and is a candidate for the “ISR” label) became shareholder of the company in 2022.Ever since the Company was created  GENFIT has maintained regular dialogue with its key internal and external stakeholders. Such dialogue will be pursued in 2023  through a formal materiality assessment. Beyond 2023  such dialogue will enable the Company to regularly reassess its objectives and progress.ABOUT GENFITGENFIT is a late-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to improving the lives of patients with liver diseases characterized by high unmet medical needs. GENFIT is a pioneer in liver disease research and development with a rich history and strong scientific heritage spanning more than two decades. Thanks to its expertise in bringing early-stage assets with high potential to late development and pre-commercialization stages  today GENFIT boasts a growing and diversified pipeline of innovative therapeutic and diagnostic solutions.Its R&D pipeline covers six therapeutic areas via six programs which explore the potential of differentiated mechanisms of action  across a variety of development stages (pre-clinical  Phase 1  Phase 2  Phase 3). These diseases are acute on-chronic liver failure (ACLF)  hepatic encephalopathy (HE)  cholangiocarcinoma (CCA)  urea cycle disorder (UCD)  organic acidemia disorder (OAD) and primary biliary cholangitis (PBC). Beyond therapeutics  GENFIT’s pipeline also includes a diagnostic franchise focused on NASH and ACLF.GENFIT has facilities in Lille and Paris (France)  Zurich (Switzerland) and Cambridge  MA (USA). GENFIT is a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market and on compartment B of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Nasdaq and Euronext: GNFT). In 2021  IPSEN became one of GENFIT’s largest shareholders and holds 8% of the company’s share capital. www.genfit.comFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to GENFIT  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  in relation to GENFIT’s extra-financial performance and research and development programs. The use of certain words  including “consider”  “contemplate”  “think”  “aim”  “expect”  “understand”  “should”  “aspire”  “estimate”  “believe”  “wish”  “may”  “could”  “allow”  “seek”  “encourage” or “have confidence” or (as the case may be) the negative forms of such terms or any other variant of such terms or other terms similar to them in meaning is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its projections are based on reasonable expectations and assumptions of the Company’s management  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including in relation to safety  biomarkers  cost of  progression of  and results from  its ongoing and planned clinical trials  review and approvals by regulatory authorities in the United States  Europe and worldwide  of our drug and diagnostic candidates  exchange rate fluctuations  potential synergies related to the acquisition of Versantis  our capacity to integrate its assets  develop its programs and our continued ability to raise capital to fund our development  as well as those risks and uncertainties discussed or identified in the Company’s public filings with the AMF  including those listed in Chapter 2 “Main Risks and Uncertainties” of the Company’s 2021 Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 29  2022 under n° D.22-0400  which is available on the Company’s website (www.genfit.com) and on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) including the Company’s 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on April 29  2022 and the 2022 Half-Year Business and Financial Report. In addition  even if the Company’s results  performance  financial condition and liquidity  and the development of the industry in which it operates are consistent with such forward-looking statements  they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. Other than as required by applicable law  the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.CONTACTGENFIT | InvestorsTel: +33 3 2016 4000 | investors@genfit.comPRESS RELATIONS | MediaStephanie Boyer – Press relations | Tel: +333 2016 4000 | stephanie.boyer@genfit.comGENFIT | 885 Avenue Eugène Avinée  59120 Loos - FRANCE | +333 2016 4000 | www.genfit.com 11 The Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive in Europe and  in the US The Securities and Exchange Commission published a proposal in 2022 for non-financial reporting to become mandatory for listed companies including Foreign Private IssuersAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.24,0.26,True,English,"['Extra-Financial Performance Report', 'GENFIT', 'Publication', 'European Sustainable Financial Disclosure Regulation', 'high unmet medical needs', 'two independent rating agencies', 'third Sustainable Development Goal', 'Chief Corporate Affairs Officer', 'social impact investment fund', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'new legal requirements', 'rigorous governance practices', 'relevant health authorities', 'low environmental footprint', 'meaningful long-term value', 'good ethical sense', 'formal materiality assessment', 'strong scientific heritage', 'primary biliary cholangitis', 'chronic liver failure', 'long-term financial performance', 'detailed annual report', 'financial market regulators', 'Gaïa report', 'extra-financial performance progression', 'organic acidemia disorder', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Prime” status label', 'Extra-Financial Performance Report', 'safe therapeutic solutions', 'six therapeutic areas', 'severe liver diseases', 'R&D pipeline', 'annual CSR roadmap', 'liver disease research', 'late-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'societal need', 'two decades', 'high potential', 'performance indicators', 'societal impact', 'innovative therapeutic', 'Executive Committee', 'diagnostic solutions', 'six programs', 'cycle disorder', 'forward-looking statements', 'Relance” label', 'ISR” label', 'development programs', 'late development', 'development stages', 'United States', 'second edition', 'increasing interest', 'institutional investors', 'individual investors', 'industrial partners', 'public institutions', 'non-financial reporting', 'innovative, effective', 'United Nations', 'healthcare systems', 'Pascal Prigent', 'ESG Committee', 'clear initiatives', 'material issues', 'Jean-Christophe Marcoux', 'transparent communication', 'bronze medal', 'key internal', 'external stakeholders', 'rich history', 'early-stage assets', 'pre-commercialization stages', 'diversified pipeline', 'differentiated mechanisms', 'hepatic encephalopathy', 'diagnostic franchise', 'compartment B', 'share capital', 'press release', 'CSR) analysts', 'CSR matters', 'CSR program', 'The Company', 'Company website', 'responsible company', 'potential candidates', 'regular dialogue', 'Such dialogue', 'current employees', 'core activity', 'progress trajectory', 'largest shareholders', 'CSR actions', '2022 report', 'GENFIT', 'Publication', 'Lille', 'France', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'April', 'Euronext', 'GNFT', 'lives', 'patients', 'rare', 'response', 'strategic', 'application', 'commitment', 'determination', 'socially', 'purpose', 'correlation', 'demands', 'Board', 'Directors', 'implementation', 'policies', 'member', 'overview', 'prospects', 'Ethifinance', 'addition', 'Article', 'objectives', 'pioneer', 'expertise', 'growing', 'variety', 'ACLF', 'cholangiocarcinoma', 'CCA', 'UCD', 'PBC', 'therapeutics', 'NASH', 'facilities', 'Paris', 'USA', 'IPSEN', 'respect', '2023']",2023-04-27,2023-04-27,uk.finance.yahoo.com
23828,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2023-04/58937324-vantiva-2023-q1-revenues-399.htm,Vantiva: 2023 Q1 Revenues,Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI; OTC: TCLRY) is today announcing its unaudited Q1 2023 revenues. Connected Home showed a robust growth in Q1 2023  as expected while SCS (Supply Chain Solutions) experienced some decline in demand.,"Press Release2023 Q1RevenuesRevenuesup2.5%2023 GUIDANCE CONFIRMEDParis (France)  April27th  2023 - Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI; OTC: TCLRY) is today announcing its unaudited Q1 2023 revenues.Connected Home showed a robust growth in Q1 2023  as expected while SCS (Supply Chain Solutions) experienced some decline in demand.However Vantiva confirms its full year guidance.Group's revenues amounted to €573m in the quarter  up 2.5% (-0.6% at constant exchange rate).Connected Home contributed €458m  an increase of 12.1% (+8.7% at constant exchange rate).SCS contributed €115 million  a decrease of 23.3% (-25.4% at constant exchange rate).Vantiva continues to optimize productivity and efficiency across all activities.FY guidance is confirmed.Luis Martinez-Amago  Chief Executive Officer of Vantiva  said:""The environment continued to be challenging  as we had anticipated. Markets are showing some signs of softening  however our action plans are responding well to this situation and we keep executing our commercial plan. In this context  we are delightedwith the performance of the Connected Home division this quarter. The DVD business in our Supply Chain Solutions division was impacted by a lack of new titles in the quarter. Nonetheless  at the group level  Vantiva remains on track to achieve its stated goals"".I-Q1 2023 RevenuesIn € million  continuing operations 2023 2022 Change at current rate Change at constant rate Revenues 573 559 2.5% -0.6%Q1 2023 Key Hi ghlightsThe 2.5% growth achieved in the quarter resulted from a contrasting performance of the two divisions. Connected Home benefited from continuing good demand for broadband and the division posted a 12.1% growth rate for the period. SCS  however  is facing a more challenging environment in the field of optical discs where demand declined during the quarter. SCS nevertheless continued and expanded its diversification activities and mitigated some of this decline  but revenues for the division were still down 23.3% in the quarter.OutlookThe group confirmed its guidance for the fiscal year 2023:EBITDA > €140mEBITA> € 45 mFCF(1) > €50m(1)Before interest and taxII-Q1 Segment ReviewConnected HomeRevenues breakdown by productIn € million 2023 2022 Change at current rate Change at constant rate Revenues 458 408 12.1% 8.7% o/w by product Broadband 381 322 18.2% 14.0% Video 77 86 -10.4% -10.9%Connected Home revenues represented 80% of group revenues in the quarter (73% in Q1 22) and totaled €458 million  up 12.1%. At constant exchange rate  the growth would have been 8.7% compared with Q1 2022. Beyond the positive effect of exchange rates  this development in revenue resulted from some growth in North American markets driven by cable and WiFi 6 CPEs  but also from double-digit growth in Europe and Latam. The increase in the latter regions is explained by better supply conditions  strong demand for broadband fiber products and business with new customers. On the other hand  demand for video equipment continued to suffer in Latam and India.Supply Chain SolutionsIn € million 2023 2022 Change at current rate Change at constant rate Revenues 115 150 -23.3% -25.4%Supply Chain Solutions' revenues for the quarter represented 20% of Group revenues (27% in Q1 22) and totaled €115 million in the quarter  a 23.3% decrease compared to Q1 2022. At constant exchange rate the drop would have been 25.4%. This decline was due to the headwinds experienced by the mature optical discs business which was penalized by limited numbers of new releases from the major studios during the quarter  the reduction in DVDs inventories at some retailers and a less favorable economic environment overall. Diversification activities grew in line with expectations in the quarter. The division accelerated the implementation of productivity actions and diversification initiatives including investments in vinyl capacity extension.Corporate & OtherIn € million 2023 2022 Change at current rate Change at constant rate Revenues 0 1 nm nm###Warning: Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain statements that constitute ""forward-looking statements""  including but not limited to statements that are predictions of or indicate future events  trends  plans or objectives  based on certain assumptions or which do not directly relate to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed  forecasted  or implied by such forward-looking statements. For a more complete list and description of such risks and uncertainties  refer to Vantiva's filings with the French Autorité des marchés financiers. 2021 Universal Registration Document (Document d'enregistrementuniversel) has been filed with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF) on April 26  2023  under number D-23-0337.###About VANTIVAPushing the EdgeVANTIVA shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (VANTI) and are tradable in the form of American Depositary Receipts (ADR) in the United States on the OTC Pink market (TCLRY).VANTIVA  formerly known as Technicolor  is headquartered in Paris  France. It is an independent company which is a global technology leader in designing  developing and supplying innovative products and solutions that connect consumers around the world to the content and services they love - whether at home  at work or in other smart spaces. VANTIVA has also earned a solid reputation for optimizing supply chain performance by leveraging its decades-long expertise in high-precision manufacturing  logistics  fulfillment and distribution. With operations throughout the Americas  Asia Pacific and EMEA  VANTIVA is recognized as a strategic partner by leading firms across various vertical industries  including network service providers  software companies and video game creators for over 25 years. The group's relationships with the film and entertainment industry goes back over 100 years by providing end-to-end solutions for its clients.VANTIVA is committed to the highest standards of corporate social responsibility and sustainability across all aspects of their operations.For more information  please visit vantiva.comand follow VANTIVA on LinkedInand Twitter.ContactsImage 7 for VantivaVantiva Investor Relationsvantiva.press@image7.frvantiva.investor.relations@vantiva.netAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.14,0.52,True,English,"['2023 Q1 Revenues', 'Vantiva', 'French Autorité des marchés financiers', 'mature optical discs business', 'Supply Chain Solutions division', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Key Hi ghlights', 'II-Q1 Segment Review', 'vinyl capacity extension', 'constant exchange rate', 'North American markets', 'broadband fiber products', 'favorable economic environment', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'full year guidance', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'constant rate Revenues', 'continuing good demand', 'Connected Home division', 'Connected Home revenues', 'Forward Looking Statements', 'unaudited Q1 2023 revenues', 'current rate Change', 'supply conditions', 'exchange rates', 'continuing operations', 'fiscal year', 'DVD business', 'current facts', '12.1% growth rate', 'Press Release', '2023 GUIDANCE CONFIRMED', 'FY guidance', 'Luis Martinez-Amago', 'commercial plan', 'new titles', 'two divisions', 'challenging environment', 'positive effect', 'WiFi 6 CPEs', 'latter regions', 'new customers', 'limited numbers', 'new releases', 'major studios', 'DVDs inventories', 'diversification initiatives', '1 nm nm', 'future events', 'actual results', 'future results', 'complete list', 'I-Q1 2023 Revenues', 'Revenues breakdown', 'diversification activities', 'current expectations', 'group level', 'strong demand', 'group revenues', 'Euronext Paris', 'robust growth', 'action plans', 'contrasting performance', 'product Broadband', 'double-digit growth', 'other hand', 'video equipment', 'productivity actions', '2.5% growth', 'Q1Revenues', 'Revenuesup', 'France', 'April27th', 'Vantiva', 'OTC', 'TCLRY', 'decline', 'quarter', 'increase', 'decrease', 'efficiency', 'signs', 'softening', 'situation', 'context', 'lack', 'track', 'goals', 'period', 'field', 'Outlook', 'EBITDA', 'EBITA', 'FCF', 'interest', 'tax', 'development', 'cable', 'Europe', 'Latam', 'India', 'drop', 'headwinds', 'reduction', 'retailers', 'less', 'implementation', 'investments', 'Corporate', 'Warning', 'predictions', 'trends', 'objectives', 'assumptions', 'historical', 'management', 'beliefs', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'description', 'filings', 'enregistrementuniversel', 'AMF', 'Edge', 'shares']",2023-04-05,2023-04-27,finanznachrichten.de
23829,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/04/27/flutter-cannot-guarantee-irish-listings-future/,Flutter cannot guarantee Irish listing’s future,Paddy Power owner Flutter Entertainment cannot guarantee that its shares will continue to trade on the Irish Stock Exchange after it takes a secondary listing in New York. Shareholders have overwhelmingly backed the Wall Street move  mooted by the Irish gambling giant in February.,Flutter chief executive Peter Jackson says the group is working to resolve settlement and dealing difficulties between the Dublin and New York stock markets ahead of taking a secondary listing on Wall Street. Photograph: Nick BradshawPaddy Power owner Flutter Entertainment cannot guarantee that its shares will continue to trade on the Irish Stock Exchange after it takes a secondary listing in New York.Shareholders have overwhelmingly backed the Wall Street move  mooted by the Irish gambling giant in February.Speaking after its annual general meeting in Dublin on Thursday  chairman Gary McGann said the group had “work to do” to allow it list in New York. These include preparing to meet US reporting requirements and overcoming complexities in dealing and settlement between the New York and Euronext Dublin markets. “That will take us to the year-end ” Mr McGann said.Asked if Flutter wanted to keep its Irish market listing  chief executive Peter Jackson responded “we cannot guarantee it”. However  he stressed that the group ideally wanted its shares to trade on all three markets.READ MOREFlutter would keep its primary listing in London and continue to work with Dublin Euronext  as the Irish market was now known  and New York  to work out the settlement difficulties  he said.The problem lies between Depository Trust and Clearing Corporation in the US and Euroclear in Europe  the companies that process share and other security transactions on the two markets.Why do some shareholders in the Republic's largest private residential landlord feel shortchanged? Listen | 40:06Mr McGann stressed that the group would remain Irish  pointing out that it was headquartered and tax domiciled in the Republic.Flutter  which grew from the merger of Irish bookie Paddy Power and British betting exchange  Betfair  has businesses in about 80 countries while the recently liberalised US is now its biggest market.Its main US business  FanDuel  is heading for profitability this year following almost half a decade of investment and development. The group believes the New York listing will help it attract more US investors anxious to cash in on FanDuel’s expansion.Mr McGann told shareholders on Thursday that Flutter calculated that the US sports betting market was worth about $40 billion (€36 billion) a year.Earlier Flutter announced that former Kellogg chief executive  John Bryant  would succeed Mr McGann as chairman in September.Well-known in corporate America  Mr Bryant is on the board of Coca Cola European Partners  department store chain Macy’s  where his tenure ends this month  caterer Compass Group and packager Ball Corporation. Previously Mr Bryant was chief executive and then executive chairman of cereal maker  Kellogg Company.He said he looked forward to working with Mr Jackson and Flutter’s management to grow the business.Mr McGann said it had been a privilege to chair Flutter as it developed. “The best is yet to come ” he told shareholders. Mr Jackson thanked Mr McGann and predicted that Mr Bryant’s experience would be “invaluable” as Flutter continued growing.,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,mixed,0.46,0.11,0.44,True,English,"['Irish listing', 'Flutter', 'future', 'Flutter chief executive Peter Jackson', 'largest private residential landlord', 'Coca Cola European Partners', 'department store chain Macy', 'former Kellogg chief executive', 'Irish bookie Paddy Power', 'US sports betting market', 'New York stock markets', 'Paddy Power owner', 'Irish Stock Exchange', 'British betting exchange', 'Irish gambling giant', 'annual general meeting', 'other security transactions', 'half a decade', 'packager Ball Corporation', 'US reporting requirements', 'Irish market listing', 'Wall Street move', 'New York listing', 'main US business', 'caterer Compass Group', 'chairman Gary McGann', 'Euronext Dublin markets', 'executive chairman', 'Mr Jackson', 'Kellogg Company', 'three markets', 'two markets', 'biggest market', 'Clearing Corporation', 'secondary listing', 'primary listing', 'US investors', 'Mr McGann', 'Nick Bradshaw', 'overcoming complexities', 'Depository Trust', 'John Bryant', 'corporate America', 'Mr Bryant', 'cereal maker', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'settlement difficulties', 'Photograph', 'shares', 'Shareholders', 'February', 'Thursday', 'work', 'dealing', 'year-end', 'READ', 'London', 'problem', 'Euroclear', 'companies', 'Republic', 'Listen', 'merger', 'Betfair', 'businesses', '80 countries', 'FanDuel', 'profitability', 'investment', 'development', 'expansion', 'September', 'board', 'tenure', 'management', 'privilege', 'experience']",2023-04-27,2023-04-27,irishtimes.com
23830,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/publication-2022-universal-registration-document-153500859.html,Publication of the 2022 Universal Registration Document,MRM (Euronext code ISIN FR00140085W6) announces that its 2022 Universal Registration Document was filed with the French financial market authority  the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  on. This document is available on MRM’s website ( and on AMF’s website.,MRMParis  27 April 2023: MRM (Euronext code ISIN FR00140085W6) announces that its 2022 Universal Registration Document was filed with the French financial market authority  the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  on 27 April 2023. This document is available on MRM’s website (www.mrminvest.com) and on AMF’s website.The Universal Registration Document includes the 2022 annual financial report and the corporate governance report.About MRMMRM is a listed real estate investment company that owns and manages a portfolio of retail properties across several regions of France. Its majority shareholder is SCOR SE  which owns 56.63% of share capital. MRM is listed in Compartment C of Euronext Paris (ISIN: FR00140085W6 - Bloomberg code: MRM:FP – Reuters code: MRM.PA). MRM opted for SIIC status on 1 January 2008.For more information:MRM5  avenue Kléber75795 Paris Cedex 16FranceT +33 (0)1 58 44 70 00relation_finances@mrminvest.comWebsite: www.mrminvest.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.71,0.28,0.01,True,English,"['2022 Universal Registration Document', 'Publication', 'listed real estate investment company', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'French financial market authority', 'The Universal Registration Document', '2022 Universal Registration Document', '2022 annual financial report', 'corporate governance report', '5, avenue Kléber', 'Euronext code ISIN', 'Bloomberg code', 'Reuters code', 'Euronext Paris', 'retail properties', 'several regions', 'majority shareholder', 'SCOR SE', 'share capital', 'Compartment C', 'SIIC status', 'Paris Cedex', 'MRM', '27 April', 'AMF', 'website', 'portfolio', 'France', 'FP', '1 January', 'information', 'relation_finances', 'Attachment']",2023-04-27,2023-04-27,uk.finance.yahoo.com
23831,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-ie/news/other/gary-mcgann-says-flutter-preference-is-to-retain-an-irish-listing/ar-AA1aq8IY,Gary McGann says Flutter preference is to retain an Irish listing,The chairman of Flutter said today that the global betting group remains uncertain if it can maintain its secondary listing on Euronext Dublin  although he highlighted that the business has “a desire” to remain on the exchange.,The chairman of Flutter has said the global betting group remains uncertain if it can maintain its secondary listing on Euronext Dublin  although he highlighted that the business has “a desire” to remain on the exchange.In February  the Paddy Power owner announced it would begin to consult shareholders on the possibility of an additional US listing.At the group’s annual general meeting on Thursday  shareholders voted on a number of changes to the group’s articles of association which are necessary to facilitate a new US listingThe company reported that 99.99pc of proxy shareholders had already supported the resolution  with Flutter set to share final results this afternoon.“Our primary listing will remain in London ” chairman Gary McGann told reporters following the AGM.“We have clearly a desire to remain on Euronext but the challenge is to ensure that settlement trading and settlements can be done through the US system  which is a requirement for a US listing  via the Euronext methodology.”“At this point in time  that’s not possible ” he added.He said Flutter is working to see if it is possible to do this  with clarity on the situation expected later in the year.“It requires some technical development work to be completed ” chief executive Peter Jackson said.Mr McGann also reported that nothing is set to change from a business perspective following the additional US listing  with the business remaining headquartered in Ireland.“This is a capital market move ” he said.“The next steps we have the hard work to do to actually get US-style reporting which takes a lot of effort in terms of current and previous years’ numbers.“The probability is that it will take us close to the year end  at which point in time we should be in a position for the SEC process to be listed on the US stock exchange ” he added.Mr McGann will step down from the board in September following a nine-year term as a non-executive director.John Byrant has been appointed as chair designate  as well as a non-executive director.Mr Jackson also said on Thursday that Flutter would welcome regulation following the publication of a white paper on gambling by the UK government.“I think it’s important for our industry ” he said.“We are a very compliant business. We have very stringent controls and checks and processes in place in our business and we think it’s very important that we continue to market our products and services to customers ” he concluded.Get ahead of the day with the morning headlines at 7.30am and Fionnán Sheahan's exclusive take on the day's news every afternoon  with our free daily newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['Gary McGann', 'Flutter preference', 'Irish listing', 'chief executive Peter Jackson', 'Paddy Power owner', 'annual general meeting', 'capital market move', 'previous years’ numbers', 'Fionnán Sheahan', 'free daily newsletter', 'technical development work', 'additional US listing', 'new US listing', 'global betting group', 'US stock exchange', 'chairman Gary McGann', 'Mr Jackson', 'US system', 'executive director', 'secondary listing', 'primary listing', 'hard work', 'Mr McGann', 'final results', 'settlement trading', 'next steps', 'US-style reporting', 'SEC process', 'nine-year term', 'John Byrant', 'chair designate', 'white paper', 'UK government', 'stringent controls', 'morning headlines', 'exclusive take', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Euronext methodology', 'year end', 'business perspective', 'compliant business', 'proxy shareholders', 'Flutter', 'desire', 'February', 'possibility', 'Thursday', 'changes', 'articles', 'association', 'company', '99.99pc', 'resolution', 'London', 'reporters', 'AGM', 'challenge', 'settlements', 'requirement', 'point', 'time', 'clarity', 'situation', 'Ireland', 'lot', 'effort', 'terms', 'current', 'probability', 'position', 'board', 'September', 'regulation', 'publication', 'industry', 'checks', 'processes', 'place', 'products', 'services', 'customers', '7.30am']",2023-04-27,2023-04-27,msn.com
23832,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.rte.ie/news/business/2023/0427/1379431-new-flutter-chairman/,Flutter committed to Ireland despite receiving backing for US listing plan,Flutter remains committed to being run out of Ireland  despite receiving the apparent go-ahead from shareholders to pursue an additional US stock exchange listing  its outgoing Chairman has stated,"Flutter remains committed to being run from Ireland  despite receiving the go-ahead from shareholders to pursue an additional US stock exchange listing  its outgoing Chairman has stated.At the company's annual general meeting today almost 100% of shareholders backed the decision to seek the US listing.Flutter revealed the plans in February as a response to a large portion of its revenue now coming from that market and its growing operations there.Speaking to reporters following the AGM  the company’s outgoing Chairman reaffirmed the firm’s commitment to Ireland  despite the shift towards the US.""In terms of Ireland Inc  nothing changes from a business point of view "" said Gary McGann.""The company will be headquartered here  tax domiciled here  continue to have the head office here and it is business as usual. This is a capital markets move rather than a business move.""However  Mr McGann said he could not guarantee that Flutter will maintain its secondary listing on Euronext Dublin  even though it wants to.""The next steps are we have the hard work to do to actually get US style reporting  which takes a lot of effort in terms of current and previous years’ numbers "" he said.""The probability is that will take us close to the year end  at which point in time we should be in a position  having gone through the SEC process  to be listed on the US stock exchange "" he added.""Our primary listing will remain in London and we have clearly a desire to remain on Euronext  but the challenge is to ensure that settlement trading and settlements can be can be done through the US system  which is a requirement for US listing via the Euronext methodology.""Mr McGann added that at this point in time  that is not possible  but the company is working hard to see that it can be done.Flutter also welcomed the UK White Paper on gambling regulation  which was published this morning.The company said in a statement that it represents an important and necessary change for the industry  as it looks to ensure all operators raise standards and make responsible play a priority  as Flutter said it has done itself.It added that pre-emptive changes it has already made have removed £150m in annual revenue from the UK business.""We have made significant steps as a business "" claimed Flutter CEO Peter Jackson.""If you look at the changes we've made to our slot limits  we moved to £10  nearly two years ago.""""So we've been trying to get ahead of a lot of these actions. We've been leading us to the race to the top and I think we're a very progressive operator. We welcome the White Paper being published today. We hope it comes out and then the industry can move forward from here.""He added that the company welcomes regulation generally  as it is very important for the industry.Mr Jackson said Flutter is a very compliant business.""We have very stringent controls and checks and processes in place in our business and we think it's important that we can continue to market our products and services to customers "" he said.Earlier  Flutter said that John Bryant has been appointed to its Board as Chair Designate and also as a non-executive director.Flutter owns the Paddy Power chain of bookiesHis appointment will take effect after the company's annual general meeting in Dublin today and he will assume the role of Chair from September 1.Flutter said the appointment is in line with its Board succession plan as well as good governance practice  with outgoing Chair Gary McGann stepping down on reaching the end of his nine-year term as non-executive director.Mr Bryant is currently a non-executive director of Ball Corporation  Compass Group and Coca-Cola European Partners.He was previously executive chairman  and before that chief executive  chief financial officer and chief operating officer of Kellogg Company.He is also a non-executive director of Macy's with his tenure there ending in May this year.Gary McGann  Flutter's chairman  said Mr Bryant has had a stellar career in Kellogg Company  which he described as one of the most internationally renowned companies in the world.""He brings with him an enormous wealth of leadership experience in strategic  financial  and operational matters "" he added.Peter Jackson  the chief executive of Flutter  today thanked Gary McGann for the contribution he has made to Flutter over his nine years as non-executive director  eight of which were as chairman.Mr Jackson said he has helped steer the business through an exceptional period of growth.""I am very much looking forward to working with John. His experience will be invaluable as Flutter continues to execute its growth strategy "" he added.",positive,0.79,0.11,0.1,mixed,0.74,0.14,0.12,True,English,"['US listing plan', 'Flutter', 'Ireland', 'backing', 'additional US stock exchange listing', 'Flutter CEO Peter Jackson', 'outgoing Chair Gary McGann', 'Paddy Power chain', 'good governance practice', 'Coca-Cola European Partners', 'annual general meeting', 'US style reporting', 'capital markets move', 'previous years’ numbers', 'chief financial officer', 'chief operating officer', 'Board succession plan', 'UK White Paper', 'US listing', 'secondary listing', 'primary listing', 'US system', 'Mr Jackson', 'chief executive', 'nine years', 'Mr McGann', 'outgoing Chairman', 'annual revenue', 'large portion', 'growing operations', 'head office', 'business move', 'next steps', 'hard work', 'SEC process', 'settlement trading', 'necessary change', 'UK business', 'significant steps', 'slot limits', 'progressive operator', 'stringent controls', 'executive director', 'nine-year term', 'Mr Bryant', 'Ball Corporation', 'Compass Group', 'stellar career', 'renowned companies', 'enormous wealth', 'operational matters', 'exceptional period', 'Euronext methodology', 'executive chairman', 'year end', 'pre-emptive changes', 'compliant business', 'John Bryant', 'leadership experience', 'growth strategy', 'Ireland Inc', 'Kellogg Company', 'Euronext Dublin', 'business point', 'ahead', 'shareholders', 'decision', 'plans', 'February', 'response', 'reporters', 'AGM', 'firm', 'commitment', 'shift', 'terms', 'view', 'effort', 'current', 'probability', 'time', 'position', 'London', 'desire', 'challenge', 'settlements', 'requirement', 'regulation', 'statement', 'important', 'industry', 'operators', 'standards', 'priority', 'actions', 'race', 'top', 'checks', 'processes', 'place', 'products', 'services', 'customers', 'Designate', 'bookies', 'appointment', 'effect', 'role', 'September', 'line', 'Macy', 'tenure', 'May', 'world', 'contribution']",2023-04-27,2023-04-27,rte.ie
