UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
23335,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-savosolar-113000649.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Savosolar Plc,Savosolar Plc Company Release 20 April 2023 at 1.30 p.m. (CEST) Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Savosolar Plc Notice is given to the shareholders of ...,Savosolar OyjSavosolar PlcCompany Release 20 April 2023 at 1.30 p.m. (CEST)Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Savosolar PlcNotice is given to the shareholders of Savosolar Plc. to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday  12 May 2023 at 10.00 (EET) at Rake-Sali Ball Room  address Erottajankatu 4C  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 9.30 (EET).A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts that includes group annual accounts and annual report as well as the auditor's report for the year 2022- Review by the CEO7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Loss shown on the balance sheet and resolution on the payment of dividendsThe Board of Directors proposes that the net loss of EUR -4 998 487.33 be transferred to retained earnings / loss account and that no dividend be paid.9. Resolution on the discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO10. Resolution on remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 71 92% per cent of the company's shares and votes propose that the members of the Board of Directors to be elected be paid the following remuneration for the term that begins at the end of the Annual General Meeting and ends at the end of the next Annual General Meeting: EUR 21 600 for the Chairman of the Board and EUR 10 800 for each of the other members of the Board. Ms. Kati Ihamäki  who is proposed to the Board of Directors and whose membership would begin based on the proposal on 1 November 2023  would be entitled to 1/2 of the resolved Board remuneration.Story continuesAccording to the proposal approximately 40 per cent of the remuneration to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors will be paid by giving to the Board members company's new shares based on the Board of Directors’ share issue authorization and approximately 60 per cent in cash. Cash portion of the remuneration is proposed to be paid in 12 monthly instalments to the extent it exceeds the amount of tax withholding from the remuneration. The number of remuneration shares will be determined on the basis of the value of the company's share in First North Growth Market Finland as follows: the volume weighted average price of the Savosolar Plc’s share within two (2) weeks following the publication of the half-year report for the period 1 January - 30 June 2023 will be used as the value of share.Alternatively  if so resolved by the Board of Directors  the remuneration shares can be purchased in the name of and on behalf of the Board members. In such case the company will pay any costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of the company shares.If the shares cannot be given due to insider regulations during the before mentioned time periods  the shares shall be given outright once it is possible in accordance with the insider regulations in force at that time. Members of the Board of Directors are not allowed to transfer the shares obtained as remuneration before their membership in the Board has endedIt is also proposed the members of the Board of Directors are reimbursed for reasonable travel and lodging costs. Travel and lodging costs are not compensated to those members of the Board of Directors who reside in the greater Helsinki area when the meetings are held in the greater Helsinki area.11. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 71 92% per cent of the company's shares and votes propose that six (6) members be elected to the Board of Directors.12. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 71 92% per cent of the company's shares and votes propose that Mr. Jussi Mälkiä and Mr. Ville Jussila of the current members of the Board of Directors be re-elected and existing CEO of the company Mr. Jari Varjotie (whose role as CEO will end on 11 May 2023)  Mr. Feodor Aminoff  Ms. Kati Ihamäki and Mr. Timi Hyppänen be elected as new members of the Board of Directors according to their consents. In deviation from the other members of the Board of Directors  Ms. Kati Ihamäki’s membership in the Board of Directors would begin on 1 November 2023. The term of office of the members of the Board of Directors ends at the closing of the Annual General Meeting following the election.Feodor Aminoff (Civil engineer  industrial  b. 1969)Feodor Aminoff acts as managing partner at Finnish Impact Investment Ltd and as acting chairman of Board of Oy Provator Ab and as Board member in several other companies. During 2012-2015 Aminoff acted as CEO of Cleantech Invest Oyj (publ.)  2005-2008 as CEO of Please User Experience Design Oy  200-2004 in the management team of IDO Group (part of Sanitec Oyj at the time) and 1994-1999 as project manager at KCI Konecranes Oyj (publ.). Aminoff also acts as Board member in  among other companies  Veho Oy and Nylund Group.Kati Ihamäki (BSc Business Administration and Economics  MSc Corporate Environmental Management  b. 1968)Kati Ihamäki works as VP Sustainability at Fiskars Group. Before Fiskars Group  she worked at OP Financial Group as VP Brand and corporate responsibility and in various positions at Finnair  where she was Director of Corporate Sustainability for the last few years and actively participated to the sustainability and advocacy work of international industry associations. In addition  Ihamäki is a Board member of St1 Nordic  member of Finnish Chambers of Commerce Corporate Responsibility council and Chair for Association for Finnish work.Timi Hyppänen (Paper technology  MSc and MBA  b. 1975)Timi Hyppänen is currently working in Metsä Fibre Oy as Senior Vice President Supply Chain and member of the company management board. Hyppänen has previously been working as Vice President Indirect Purchasing in Metsä Group corporation 2018-2019  Vice President Purhasing in Metsä Fibre 2013-2018  Omya Oy sales and technology manager 2008-2013 and technical service manager in Omya AG corporation in Switzerland.13. Resolution on remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor’s fees be paid according to the auditor’s reasonable invoice approved by the company.14. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that auditing firm KPMG Oy Ab be elected as the company's auditor. KPMG Oy Ab has informed that the principal auditor will be Mr. Henry Maarala  Authorised Public Accountant. The term of office of the auditor ends at the closing of the Annual General Meeting following the election.15. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the following changes be made to the company's Articles of Association:Section 1 of the Articles of Association (Business name and domicile) is amended to read as follows:§ 1 Business name and domicileThe company's business name is Meriaura Group Oyj  Meriaura Group Abp in Swedish and Meriaura Group Plc in English. The company’s domicile is Turku.Section 6 of the Articles of Association (Auditors) is amended to read as follows:§ 6 AuditorsThe company must have an auditor who is an audit firm approved by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office. The auditor's term of office ends at the end of the first annual general meeting following the election.16. Transfer of Savosolar Plc's business to a subsidiaryThe Board of Directors proposes that it be authorized to decide on a possible business transfer  in which the company's current solar heating business would be transferred in whole or in part to the company's wholly owned subsidiary Meriaura Energy Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that it be authorized to decide on all terms of a possible business transfer.17. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe annual accounts of Savosolar Plc. that includes group annual accounts and annual report  the auditor's report as well as this notice including the proposals made to the General Meeting are available on Savosolar Plc.’s website at www.savosolar.com. The documents mentioned above are also available at the meeting. Minutes of the General Meeting are available on the above-mentioned website as from 26 May 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on 2 May 2023 in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her/its personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than 9 May 2023 at 16.00  by which time the registration shall be received. The registration may take place:at Savosolar Plc.’s website at www.savosolar.com; by e-mail to address aulikki.hynonen@savosolar.com; by phone to number +358 10 271 0810 (Tue-Fri at 9 a.m.-3 p.m. (EET)) or by mail to Savosolar Plc.  General Meeting  Insinöörinkatu 7  50150 Mikkeli.In connection with the registration a shareholder shall notify his/her/its name  personal identification number  address  email address and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Savosolar Plc. is used only in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of related necessary registrations and for shareholder communication. Shareholder  his/her/its representative or proxy representative shall  when necessary  be able to prove his/her/its identity and/or right of representation.2. Nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of shares based on which he/she/it on the record date of the meeting  i.e. on 2 May 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder has on the basis of such shares been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. at the latest on 9 May 2023 by 10.00 (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised without delay to request necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholder’s register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from his/her/its custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest on the date and time mentioned above.3. Shares registered at Euroclear Sweden ABShareholder whose shares are registered in the securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB and who wants to participate in the General Meeting and use his/her/its voting right  shall be registered at the shareholder’s register held by Euroclear Sweden AB on 2 May 2023 at the latest.In order to be entitled to request for temporary registration in the shareholder’s register of Savosolar Plc. held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  a shareholder of nominee-registered shares shall request that his/her/its shares are temporarily registered under his/her/its own name in the shareholder’s register held by Euroclear Sweden AB and to ensure that the custodian bank will send the above-mentioned request for temporary registration to Euroclear Sweden AB. The registration shall be made on 2 May 2023 at the latest  and therefore a shareholder shall give the request to his/her/its custodian bank in good time prior to the above date.Shareholder  whose shares are registered in the securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB and who intends to participate in the General Meeting and use his/her/its voting right  shall request for a temporary registration of his/her shares to the shareholder’s register of Savosolar Plc. held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The request to Savosolar Plc. shall be made in written at the latest on 3 May 2023 at 10.00 Swedish time. The temporary registration through Savosolar Plc. constitutes a due registration to the General Meeting.4. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her/its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise provide reliable evidence of the right to represent the shareholder. The authorization applies to one meeting  unless otherwise stated. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible proxy documents should be delivered to in originals to Savosolar Plc.  General Meeting  Insinöörinkatu 7  50150 Mikkeli  Finland before the end of the registration period.5. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5 Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be handled at the meeting.The language of the meeting is Finnish. Part of the material to be presented in the meeting may be in English.On the date of the notice to the General Meeting  20 April 2023  the total number of shares in Savosolar Plc. is 800 102 141. Each share carries one vote at General Meeting.In Helsinki  20 April 2023SAVOSOLAR PLCBoard of DirectorsFor more information:Savosolar PlcManaging Director Jari VarjotiePhone: +358 400 419 734E-mail: jari.varjotie@savosolar.comSavosolar in briefSavosolar has two business areas: Marine Logistics and Renewable Energy.Marine Logistics (Meriaura Oy) is a major provider of transport for bulk cargo and demanding project deliveries in Northern Europe  especially in the Baltic Sea and North Sea regions. The company provides its customers with competitive and environmentally sustainable marine transport services  which also reduce carbon emissions from marine transport. Its long-term affreightment agreements  modern fleet and strong market position in renewable energy construction projects enable freight that supports environmentally friendly solutions. As part of Marine Logistics  VG-EcoFuel Oy produces recycled biofuels from bio-oils and recycled oils generated as industrial by-products.The Renewable Energy (Savosolar Oyj) designs and delivers clean energy production systems as comprehensive deliveries. The systems are built around large-scale solar thermal systems implemented using high-performance solar heat collectors manufactured by the company. Other energy production and storage technologies can also be combined with the systems. The company has taken solar thermal technology to a new level  and its collectors have patented nano-coated direct flow absorbers. With this leading technology  Savosolar enables its customers to produce clean and competitive energy.Savosolar’s shares are listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden under the ticker symbol SAVOS and on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland under the ticker symbol SAVOH. www.savosolar.comThe company’s Certified Adviser is Augment Partners AB  info@augment.se  tel. +46 8-604 22 55.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.12,0.68,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Savosolar Plc', 'Notice', 'First North Growth Market Finland', 'Ms. Kati Ihamäki', 'volume weighted average price', 'Finnish Impact Investment Ltd', 'Mr. Jussi Mälkiä', 'Mr. Timi Hyppänen', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Directors’ share issue authorization', 'Savosolar Plc Company Release', 'Mr. Ville Jussila', 'Mr. Jari Varjotie', 'Rake-Sali Ball Room', 'greater Helsinki area', 'Oy Provator Ab', 'Cleantech Invest Oyj', 'several other companies', 'group annual accounts', 'Mr. Feodor Aminoff', 'Savosolar Oyj', 'Savosolar Plc.', 'annual report', 'Board members company', 'Erottajankatu 4C', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', '71,92% per cent', '40 per cent', '60 per cent', '12 monthly instalments', 'two (2) weeks', 'insider regulations', 'Civil engineer', 'managing partner', 'other members', 'net loss', 'loss account', 'half-year report', 'lodging costs', 'Cash portion', 'time periods', 'reasonable travel', 'acting chairman', 'six (6) members', 'current members', 'new members', 'following remuneration', 'new shares', 'The Board', 'existing CEO', 'company shares', 'remuneration shares', 'Board remuneration', 'April', 'CEST', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Friday', 'May', 'address', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'Review', 'resolution', 'payment', 'dividends', 'discharge', 'liability', 'term', 'membership', 'proposal', '1 November', 'Story', 'extent', 'amount', 'tax', 'number', 'basis', 'value', 'publication', '1 January', '30 June', 'name', 'behalf', 'case', 'transfer', 'purchase', 'accordance', 'force', 'meetings', 'role', 'consents', 'deviation', 'office', 'closing', 'industrial', '1.30', '10.00', '9.30']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23336,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/global-automotive-fintech-market-size-144200811.html,The Global Automotive Fintech Market size is expected to reach $82.6 billion by 2028  rising at a market growth of 9.0% CAGR during the forecast period,"A subset of financial technology called ""automotive fintech"" caters to the need for digital financial services in the auto sector. Digital insurance  car...","ReportLinkerA subset of financial technology called ""automotive fintech"" caters to the need for digital financial services in the auto sector. Digital insurance  car payments  digital leasing  and other services are all part of the automotive fintech industry.New York  April 20  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Reportlinker.com announces the release of the report ""Global Automotive Fintech Market Size  Share & Industry Trends Analysis Report By Channel  By Vehicle Type  By Propulsion Type  By End User  By Regional Outlook and Forecast  2022 - 2028"" - https://www.reportlinker.com/p06449950/?utm_source=GNWAutomotive fintech companies streamline and automate financial processes to simplify buying and running automobiles for customers and businesses. These technologies include machine learning  data analytics  and blockchain.Automotive fintech includes equipment for managing and owning vehicles and purchasing and financing them. For instance  smartphone applications let users check their vehicle’s health and get alerts when repairs are due. Other systems enable customers to hire automobiles for brief periods without going to a rental car office. These systems provide on-demand automobile sharing and rental services.Most dealerships and car loan financing organizations know that change is necessary and that they must start implementing cutting-edge end-to-end pricing technologies  such as digital loans and purchases. Fortunately  recent developments in cloud and digital technology have made innovations and trends in vehicle finance possible. Auto dealers can now ultimately oversee every element of their lending program due to the sophisticated end-to-end lending software  which integrates cutting-edge technologies like machine learning  advanced data analytics  and artificial intelligence. The usage of such technologies would accelerate market growth.COVID-19 Impact AnalysisThe variety of products available  and convenience  in 2020–21  pandemic-related reactions and containment measures will raise the relevance of these elements. Fintech companies  big tech companies  and established financial institutions are adjusting quickly to a new business environment. The usage of digital payments and modifications in the buying and selling habits of retail consumers and vendors were two developments accelerated by COVID-19 and thereby propelled the market growth despite the initial restriction to the market growth due to the decline in automotive industry.Market Growth FactorsCooperation between cab companies and fintech firmsThe on-demand provision of transportation services to customers through automobiles  taxis  or ride-hailing services is the business of the cab rental industry. With the development of technology and smartphone applications  the industry has seen remarkable growth  making it more straightforward for customers to schedule a trip and track their cars in real-time. Cab companies offer many services  including hourly rentals  point-to-point trips  and airport shuttle services. The collaboration between cab firms and fintech companies for mutual benefits is expected to drive market growth.Automotive industry’s digitalizationThe digitization of supply chains is fueled by the continuously growing desire for industries to be more responsible and sustainable globally. Technologies like blockchain and smart contracts will be used to accomplish this objective of traceability and transparency further. The increasing digitalization of the automotive sector provides different growth opportunities for automotive fintech firms to provide better financial services to the consumers and thereby surge market growth.Market Restraining FactorsConcerns regarding security and privacy of the fintech firmsOne-time passwords and other forms of authentication are used by fintech businesses to protect the payment system  but hackers can still access these systems  stealing financial and personal data. While cyberattacks get more sophisticated every day and establishing total security in the digital realm is quite a challenge  financial organizations have always been in danger of data leaks. Yet hackers often use these third-party programs as a point of entry. They allow hackers to pretend to be authorized users to get access without authorization  compromising data security. Data security risk with the fintech firms is anticipated to restrict the market growth.End Use OutlookBased on end-use  the automotive fintech market is segmented into in vehicle payments  online leasing  digital loans & purchase and online insurance. The online leasing segment acquired a significant revenue share in the automotive fintech market in 2021. This is due to the fact that online methods reduce the time it takes to hire a vehicle and the expense of paying personnel to enter data into paper-based records. Also  by removing needless trips back to the office for information or paperwork  these technologies enable rental car firms to monitor cars more effectively and save on costs.Channel OutlookOn the basis of channel  the automotive fintech market is divided into on demand and subscription. The on-demand segment held the highest revenue share in the automotive fintech market in 2021. The growth is owing to the fact that with on-demand services  one only pays for what they use. The user gets a custom solution that allows them to function effectively. Moreover  on-demand services guarantee that one may expand the services as and when needed. This is simple to do without spending money on new gear.Vehicle Type OutlookBy vehicle type  the automotive fintech market is classified into passenger car and commercial vehicle. The commercial vehicle segment garnered a prominent revenue share in the automotive fintech market in 2021. This is owing to the fast development of population and urbanization  growing infrastructures  and expansion in the industrial sector. The industrial sector is increasing in emerging nations  creating opportunities in various industries  including building  mining  and tourism. Due to the rise in commuters brought on by the employment situation  there is a significant demand for public transportation.Propulsion Type OutlookBased on the propulsion type  the automotive fintech market is bifurcated into ICE and electric. The ICE segment recorded a significant revenue share in the automotive fintech market in 2021. This is due to the fact that an ICE car delivers higher engine power than the average electric vehicle and is often less costly than an electric or hybrid electric vehicle. Traditional  oil-derived fuels like gasoline or diesel propel a car with an internal combustion engine  and have a minimal fueling time which is the reason behind the high preference of these vehicles.Regional OutlookRegion-wise  the automotive fintech market is analyzed across North America  Europe  Asia Pacific  and LAMEA. The North America region held the highest revenue share in the automotive fintech market in 2021. This is because the automotive sector has advanced remarkably in the region. This is owing to availability of a large number of automotive fintech service providers in the region. There is a robust support by the government towards the sales of EV vehicles and giving financial aid to the auto financing. The rising awareness regarding the environmental conservation which is further fueling the demand for EVs providing more growth opportunities for the automotive fintech market.The market research report covers the analysis of key stake holders of the market. Key companies profiled in the report include Kuwy Technology Services Pvt Ltd. (Volkswagen Financial Services AG) (Volkswagen AG)  Creditas Soluções Financeiras Ltda.  Euroclear SA/NV (Euroclear Holding SA/NV)  Grab Holdings Inc  Blinker Inc.  The Savings Group  Inc. (Autopay)  Cuvva Limited  RouteOne LLC  By Miles  and AutoFi  Inc.Strategies Deployed in Automotive Fintech MarketDec-2022: Euroclear entered into an agreement to acquire FinTech Goji  a private markets technology and services developer. The acquisition would allow the company to offer its clients a one-stop shop offering across a spectrum of products including ETFs and private funds and mutual and alternative funds.Aug-2022: Blinker joined hands with Flagship Credit Acceptance to leverage Flagship’s resources to accumulate more shares within auto financing. Through this partnership  the company aimed to deploy its proprietary loan origination solutions with a trusted partner.Aug-2022: RouteOne came into collaboration with Paays  a Canadian FinTech startup focused on creating digital finance solutions. The company would integrate Paays ID Verifier into the RouteOne platform to enable automotive dealerships to fight fraudulent loan activities. The integration enables the digital transmission of customer identity information between dealers  consumers  and finance sources through the RouteOne Credit Application System.Apr-2022: By Miles revealed its By Miles Connect platform  the would allow drivers of connected cars to connect their insurance policy to the company directly from their car. The platform allows the company to take information directly from the vehicles  via the cloud  and utilize information about the distance driven to price insurance.Feb-2022: Kuwy unveiled Lending-as-a-Service (LaaS) platform for online car sellers. The new platform would enable car manufacturers (OEMs)  dealers  aggregator platforms  and lenders to provide digital retailing to customers. The new Lending-as-a-Service (LaaS) platform focuses on point of search  which includes websites of dealers  OEMs  car marketplace  and aggregators.Sep-2021: Creditas announced its partnership with Nubank  a Brazilian fintech bank. to provide its products to Nubank customers in Brazil. The partnership would enable the company to allow Nubank customers to change their cars or renovate their homes.Jul-2021: Creditas acquired Minuto Seguros  Brazil’s largest digital insurance brokerage. The acquisition of Minuto would enable the company to offer its customers a digital platform for selling  trading  finance  their car.Feb-2021: By Miles came into partnership with WNS Assistance  providers of end-to-end claims management solutions. The partnership is aimed at managing claims by using the real-time data of the vehicle for a first-of-its-kind connected car insurance policy using the real-time data of the vehicle.Jan-2021: AutoFi expanded its business by launching a new division lending as a service. The new division would allow the finance and purchasing of a car entirely online.Jun-2020: RouteOne collaborated with Carzato  an automotive online services provider  to improve the experience for consumers and dealers in North America. The integration of Carzato with RouteOne would help the company to solve current market challenges and support the Online Retailing Experience launch that provides quality leads from dealer digital retail platforms and OEM.Oct-2019: RouteOne formed a partnership with LendingTree  Inc.  a leading online loan marketplace  to enhance the procedure of car purchasing for consumers  car dealers  and indirect auto financing sources alike.Jan-2018: AutoFi formed a partnership with JPMorgan Chase  an American multinational financial services company. The partnership would enable the company to offer a digital retailing solution to dealers across the nation.Scope of the StudyMarket Segments covered in the Report:By Channel• On Demand• SubscriptionBy Vehicle Type• Passenger Car• Commercial VehicleBy Propulsion Type• ICE• ElectricBy End User• Digital Loans & Purchase• Online Leasing• Online Insurance• In-Vehicle PaymentsBy Geography• North Americao USo Canadao Mexicoo Rest of North America• Europeo Germanyo UKo Franceo Russiao Spaino Italyo Rest of Europe• Asia Pacifico Chinao Japano Indiao South Koreao Singaporeo Malaysiao Rest of Asia Pacific• LAMEAo Brazilo Argentinao UAEo Saudi Arabiao South Africao Nigeriao Rest of LAMEACompanies Profiled• Kuwy Technology Services Pvt Ltd. (Volkswagen Financial Services AG) (Volkswagen AG)• Creditas Soluções Financeiras Ltda.• Euroclear SA/NV (Euroclear Holding SA/NV)• Grab Holdings Inc• Blinker Inc.• The Savings Group  Inc. (Autopay)• Cuvva Limited• RouteOne LLC• By Miles• AutoFi  Inc.Unique Offerings• Exhaustive coverage• Highest number of market tables and figures• Subscription based model available• Guaranteed best price• Assured post sales research support with 10% customization freeRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p06449950/?utm_source=GNWAbout ReportlinkerReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly  in one place.__________________________Story continuesCONTACT: Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.13,0.13,0.74,True,English,"['The Global Automotive Fintech Market size', 'market growth', 'forecast period', '9.0% CAGR', 'Global Automotive Fintech Market Size', 'car loan financing organizations', 'Industry Trends Analysis Report', 'COVID-19 Impact Analysis', 'Market Restraining Factors', 'big tech companies', 'airport shuttle services', 'different growth opportunities', 'rental car firms', 'end lending software', 'significant revenue share', 'automotive fintech industry', 'Market Growth Factors', 'End Use Outlook', 'rental car office', 'Automotive fintech companies', 'automotive fintech firms', 'advanced data analytics', 'online leasing segment', 'new business environment', 'cab rental industry', 'Data security risk', 'end pricing technologies', 'digital financial services', 'automotive industry', 'car payments', 'rental services', 'financial organizations', 'automotive sector', 'cab companies', 'cab firms', 'New York', 'End User', 'cutting-edge end', 'lending program', 'sophisticated end', 'digital leasing', 'Regional Outlook', 'other services', 'transportation services', 'ride-hailing services', 'many services', 'online insurance', 'online methods', 'remarkable growth', 'personal data', 'data leaks', 'Digital insurance', 'digital loans', 'digital payments', 'digital realm', 'fintech businesses', 'auto sector', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Propulsion Type', 'financial processes', 'machine learning', 'smartphone applications', 'brief periods', 'automobile sharing', 'Most dealerships', 'recent developments', 'Auto dealers', 'artificial intelligence', 'pandemic-related reactions', 'containment measures', 'financial institutions', 'selling habits', 'two developments', 'initial restriction', 'hourly rentals', 'mutual benefits', 'supply chains', 'growing desire', 'smart contracts', 'One-time passwords', 'other forms', 'payment system', 'total security', 'third-party programs', 'paper-based records', 'needless trips', 'Channel Outlook', 'digital technology', 'financial technology', 'Vehicle Type', 'vehicle finance', 'vehicle payments', 'Reportlinker.com', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'retail consumers', 'demand provision', 'point trips', 'increasing digitalization', 'Other systems', 'subset', 'April', 'release', 'Forecast', 'automobiles', 'customers', 'blockchain', 'equipment', 'vehicles', 'instance', 'users', 'health', 'alerts', 'repairs', 'change', 'purchases', 'cloud', 'innovations', 'element', 'usage', 'variety', 'products', 'convenience', 'relevance', 'modifications', 'buying', 'vendors', 'decline', 'Cooperation', 'taxis', 'cars', 'real-time', 'collaboration', 'digitization', 'industries', 'objective', 'traceability', 'transparency', 'Concerns', 'privacy', 'authentication', 'hackers', 'cyberattacks', 'challenge', 'danger', 'entry', 'access', 'authorization', 'end-use', 'expense', 'personnel', 'information', 'paperwork', 'costs']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23337,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/decisions-made-honkarakenne-oyj-annual-150000208.html,DECISIONS MADE BY HONKARAKENNE OYJ’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,HONKARAKENNE OYJ Stock Exchange Release 20 April 2023 at 18:00 DECISIONS MADE BY HONKARAKENNE OYJ’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Honkarakenne Oyj’s Annual General ...,Honkarakenne OyjHONKARAKENNE OYJ Stock Exchange Release 20 April 2023 at 18:00DECISIONS MADE BY HONKARAKENNE OYJ’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGHonkarakenne Oyj’s Annual General Meeting held on Thursday  20 April 2023 in Honkarakenne’s Karstula factory at Hongantie 41  Karstula  Finland. The General Meeting adopted the financial statements  approved the remuneration report  and granted discharge from liability for 2022 to the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO.Payment of dividendsThe Annual General Meeting decided that dividends of EUR 0.25 per share will be paid for the financial year ending on 31 December 2022. No dividend will be paid on shares held by the parent company and the remaining retained earnings will be retained in equity.The dividend will be paid to shareholders who  on the record date of the dividend payment  24 April 2023  are registered in the company’s shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The payment date for the dividend is 2 May 2023.Members of the Board of Directors and remunerationsFive members were elected to the Board of Directors: Arto Halonen  Timo Kohtamäki  Maria Ristola  Kari Saarelainen and Antti Tiitola.The Annual General Meeting decided to set the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors at EUR 2 000 per month  the remuneration of the chairman of the board at EUR 3 500 per month. Should the Board of Directors appoint committees from among its number  the committee members will be paid EUR 500 for each committee meeting. Furthermore  the members’ travel and accommodation costs shall be reimbursed against an invoice.AuditorsErnst & Young Oy  member of the Finnish Institute of Authorised Public Accountants  was re-appointed as auditor of the company  with Elina Laitinen  APA  as chief auditor. The auditing can be remunerated in accordance with a reasonable invoice.Authorising the board of directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to decide on the purchase of no more than 400.000 of the company’s own B shares using funds from the company’s unrestricted shareholders’ equity. The Board of Directors shall decide on the procedure of the share purchase. The company’s own shares may be acquired in a proportion disapplying the pre-emptive rights of the existing shareholders. The authorisation also covers the acquisition of shares in the public trading of NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Oy in accordance with the rules and regulations of NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Oy and Euroclear Finland Oy or by means of a repurchase offer made to the shareholders. Shares may be acquired for the purpose of developing the capital structure of the company  for the financing or implementation of acquisitions or other similar arrangements  for the implementation of the company’s share-based incentive schemes or for other transfers or maculation. The share acquisition shall be based on the share’s market price in public trading  with the minimum price of the share concerned corresponding to the lowest market price quoted for the share in public trading and the maximum price correspondingly being the highest market price quoted in public trading  while the authorisation remains valid. The authorisation also covers the option of taking as pledge the company’s own B shares. The Board of Directors shall decide on all other issues pertaining to the acquisition of its own shares. The authorisation remains in force until the next Annual General Meeting  however expiring at the latest on June 30  2024.Story continuesAuthorising the board of directors to decide on the issue of shares as well as the issue of options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to decide on rights issue or bonus issue and on the granting of special rights entitling to shares in one or more instalments on the following terms and conditions in Chapter 10  section 1 of the Companies Act:- Under the authorisation  the Board of Directors may issue a maximum of 1.500.000 new shares and/or transfer old B shares held by the company inclusive of any shares that may be issued.- The issue may also be made to the company itself  within the legal framework.- The authorisation entitles the company to depart  within legal provisions  from the shareholders’ priority right to subscribe for new shares (directed issue).- The authorisation may be used to execute acquisitions or put in place other arrangements within the scope of the company’s business or to finance investment  improve the company’s capital structure  assist in implementing the company’s incentive scheme or for other purposes designated by the Board of Directors.- The authorisation includes the right to decide on the manner in which the subscription price is recognised in the company’s balance sheet. Apart from cash  other property (property given as subscription in kind) may be used to pay the subscription price  either in full or in part. Furthermore  claims held by the subscriber may be used to set off the subscription price. The Board of Directors is entitled to decide on any other matters arising from the share issue or relating to the special rights giving entitlement to shares.- The authorisation remains in force until the next Annual General Meeting  however expiring at the latest on June 30  2024.Minutes of the meetingThe minutes of the General Meeting will be available on Honkarakenne’s website at www.honka.com as of 4 May 2023  at the latest.HONKARAKENNE OYJMarko SaarelainenPresident and CEOFurther information:Marko Saarelainen  President and CEO  tel. +358 40 542 0254  marko.saarelainen@honka.com orMaarit Jylhä  CFO  tel. +358 40 594 4099  maarit.jylha@honka.comDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediaFinancial Supervisory Authoritywww.honka.comHonkarakenne Oyj manufactures high-quality  healthy and ecological log homes  holiday homes and public buildings under its Honka® brand from Finnish solid wood. The company has delivered 85 000 buildings to over 50 countries. House kits are manufactured in Finland  the company's own factory is located in Karstula. In 2022  Honkarakenne Group's net sales were EUR 73.7 million  of which exports accounted for 26%. www.honka.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'HONKARAKENNE OYJ', 'DECISIONS', 'HONKARAKENNE OYJ Stock Exchange Release', 'NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Oy', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'The General Meeting', 'Timo Kohtamäki', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'share-based incentive schemes', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Authorised Public Accountants', 'lowest market price', 'highest market price', 'other similar arrangements', 'other special rights', 'unrestricted shareholders’ equity', 'shareholders’ priority right', 'old B shares', 'committee meeting', 'Young Oy', 'other arrangements', 'The Board', 'other transfers', 'minimum price', 'other issues', 'other purposes', 'pre-emptive rights', 'public trading', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'record date', ""shareholders' register"", 'Arto Halonen', 'Maria Ristola', 'Kari Saarelainen', 'Antti Tiitola', 'accommodation costs', 'Finnish Institute', 'Elina Laitinen', 'existing shareholders', 'capital structure', 'following terms', 'Companies Act', 'legal framework', 'legal provisions', 'balance sheet', 'subscription price', 'maximum price', 'other property', 'rights issue', 'Karstula factory', 'Five members', 'committee members', 'members’ travel', 'chief auditor', 'reasonable invoice', 'repurchase offer', 'bonus issue', 'directed issue', '1.500.000 new shares', 'remuneration report', 'payment date', 'parent company', 'share purchase', 'share acquisition', 'April', 'DECISIONS', 'Thursday', 'Hongantie', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Directors', 'President', 'CEO', 'dividends', '31 December', 'earnings', '2 May', 'remunerations', 'month', 'chairman', 'committees', 'number', 'Auditors', 'Ernst', 'APA', 'auditing', 'accordance', 'funds', 'procedure', 'proportion', 'authorisation', 'rules', 'regulations', 'means', 'financing', 'implementation', 'acquisitions', 'maculation', 'option', 'pledge', 'force', 'June', 'Story', 'granting', 'instalments', 'conditions', 'Chapter', 'section', 'place', 'scope', 'business', 'investment', 'manner', 'cash', 'kind', 'full', 'part', 'claims', 'subscriber', '18:00']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23338,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/resolutions-harvia-plcs-annual-general-093000675.html,Resolutions of Harvia Plc's Annual General Meeting on 20 April 2023,STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 20 April 2023 at 12.30 p.m. EEST Harvia Plc’s Annual General Meeting  held today on 20 April 2023  approved the financial statements...,Harvia OyjSTOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE20 April 2023 at 12.30 p.m. EESTHarvia Plc’s Annual General Meeting  held today on 20 April 2023  approved the financial statements and discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the company’s CEO from liability for the financial year 2022. The Annual General Meeting approved in an advisory decision the remuneration report for governing bodies.Use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Annual General Meeting approved the Board of Directors’ proposal that EUR 0.64 per share be paid as dividend and that the remainder of the distributable funds be transferred to shareholders’ equity.The dividend is paid in two instalments. The first instalment  EUR 0.32 per share  will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend of 24 April 2023. This instalment of the dividend will be paid on 2 May 2023.The second instalment  EUR 0.32 per share  will be paid in October 2023. The second instalment will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 19 October 2023. The record date of the dividend date would then be 23 October 2023 and the dividend payment date 30 October 2023.The Board of Directors and the AuditorThe Annual General Meeting resolved that the Board of Directors consists of six members. Olli Liitola  Anders Holmén  Hille Korhonen and Heiner Olbrich were re-elected to the Board of Directors and Markus Lengauer and Catharina Stackelberg-Hammarén were elected as new members of the Board of Directors.It was resolved that a monthly remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors is paid as follows: The Chair of the Board of Directors is paid EUR 4 500 and members of the Board of Directors are each paid EUR 2 500. Additionally  the Chair of the Audit Committee is paid EUR 1 300 a month and members of the Audit Committee are paid EUR 750 a month.Story continuesFurther  the monthly remuneration of the Board members will be paid in company shares and in cash in such a way that approximately 40 per cent of the total monthly remuneration will be paid in company shares purchased at a price determined in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and approximately 60 per cent will be paid in cash. The shares will be acquired within two weeks from the day following the publication of the company’s interim report for the period 1 January–31 March 2023. The company will pay any costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of company shares. In case the remuneration cannot be paid in company shares due to legal or other regulatory restrictions or due to other reasons related to the company or a member of the Board of Directors  the remuneration will be paid in cash.A member of the Board of Directors may not transfer the shares received as remuneration for Board membership in 2023 until two years has passed since the date of transfer of the shares.The remuneration for the members of the Audit Committee will be paid fully in cash.The members of Board of Directors who live outside Finland will be paid EUR 900 for each meeting if the member travels to Finland only for that meeting. The fee will be paid in cash. When the member of Board of Directors attends the meeting by telephone or other electronic means  no fee will be paid for that meeting. No fee is paid for decisions made without convening a meeting.The travel expenses of the members of the Board of Directors are compensated in accordance with the company’s travel rules.Authorised Public Accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy was elected as the Auditor of the company and Markku Katajisto  Authorised Public Accountant  will act as the Responsible Auditor. It was resolved that the remuneration for the Auditor is paid according to the Auditor’s reasonable invoice.Amending the Articles of AssociationThe Annual General Meeting rejected the proposal to amend Article 10 of the Articles of Association.According to the proposal  the Article 10 of the Articles of Association would have been amended to enable arrangement of a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors was authorised to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 934 711 shares in the company in one or several tranches. The maximum number of shares to be repurchased represents approximately 5% of all the shares in the company on the date of the Annual General Meeting. Only the unrestricted equity of the company can be used to repurchase own shares on the basis of the authorisation.The shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Oy for the market price formed at the moment of purchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The authorisation may be used e.g. for the purposes of the company’s share-based incentive systems and other matters decided by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all other matters related to the repurchasing of shares.The authorisation replaces the authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of own shares granted by the shareholders of the company on 7 April 2022. The authorisation is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  but no longer than until 30 June 2024.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issue of shares  options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act in one or several tranches  either against payment or without payment. The aggregate number of shares to be issued  including the shares to be received based on special rights  must not exceed 1 869 423 shares. The Board of the Directors may resolve to issue new shares or to transfer own shares possibly held by the company.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the pre-emptive right of shareholders to subscribe to shares to be issued. The authorisation may be used for the purposes of strengthening the balance sheet and financing position of the company or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.The authorisation is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  but no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation replaces and revokes all previous unused authorisations of the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares  share options and other special rights entitling to shares.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the company’s website www.harviagroup.com on 4 May 2023 at the latest.HARVIA PLCFor further informationCEO Tapio Pajuharju  tapio.pajuharju@harvia.com  tel. +358 50 577 4200CFO Ari Vesterinen  ari.vesterinen@harvia.com  tel +358 40 505 0440Distribution:Nasdaq Helsinki OyMain mediawww.harviagroup.comHarvia in shortHarvia is one of the leading companies operating in the sauna and spa market globally  as measured by revenue. Harvia’s brands and product portfolio are well known in the market  and the company’s comprehensive product portfolio strives to meet the needs of the international sauna and spa market of both private and professional customers.Harvia’s revenue totaled EUR 172.4 million in 2022. Harvia Group employs more than 600 professionals in Finland  China and Hong Kong  Romania  Austria  United States  Germany and Estonia. The company is headquartered in Muurame  Finland  adjacent to its largest sauna and sauna component manufacturing facility.Read more: https://harviagroup.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.24,0.41,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Harvia Plc', 'Resolutions', '20 April', 'Authorised Public Accounting firm', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Authorised Public Accountant', 'Anders Holmén', 'Catharina Stackelberg-Hammarén', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'other regulatory restrictions', 'other electronic means', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Oy', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'total monthly remuneration', 'The Board', 'public trading', 'other reasons', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'meeting venue', 'remote meeting', 'Harvia Oyj', 'EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Harvia Plc', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'advisory decision', 'governing bodies', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'two instalments', 'Olli Liitola', 'Hille Korhonen', 'Heiner Olbrich', 'Markus Lengauer', 'Audit Committee', '40 per cent', '60 per cent', 'two weeks', 'interim report', 'two years', 'travel expenses', 'travel rules', 'Markku Katajisto', 'reasonable invoice', 'several tranches', 'unrestricted equity', 'first instalment', 'record date', 'second instalment', 'payment date', 'dividend date', 'remuneration report', 'shareholders’ equity', 'shareholders’ register', 'maximum number', 'market price', 'six members', 'new members', 'Responsible Auditor', 'Board membership', 'company shares', 'Directors’ proposal', '934,711 shares', '20 April', 'EEST', 'CEO', 'liability', 'profit', 'distribution', 'remainder', '24 April', '2 May', 'October', 'Chair', 'Story', 'cash', 'way', 'day', 'publication', 'period', '1 January', '31 March', 'costs', 'transfer', 'tax', 'purchase', 'case', 'legal', 'fee', 'telephone', 'decisions', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'arrangement', 'basis', 'authorisation', 'proportion', 'shareholdings', '12.30']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23339,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/decisions-aspocomp-group-plcs-annual-091000317.html,Decisions of Aspocomp Group Plc's Annual General Meeting 2023 and Board of Directors' organization meeting,Aspocomp Group Plc  Stock exchange release  April 20  2023  at 12:10 p.m. (EEST) DECISIONS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023 The Annual General Meeting of...,Aspocomp Group PlcAspocomp Group Plc  Stock exchange release  April 20  2023  at 12:10 p.m. (EEST)DECISIONS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023The Annual General Meeting of Aspocomp Group Plc held on April 20  2023  adopted the annual accounts and the consolidated annual accounts as well as granted the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO discharge from liability regarding the financial period 2022. The Annual General Meeting approved the Remuneration Report for the governing bodies 2022.The Annual General Meeting decided to pay a dividend of EUR 0.21 per share  as proposed by the Board of Directors. The dividend will be paid to shareholders registered in the company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend distribution  April 24  2023. The dividend will be paid on May 2  2023.The Annual General Meeting decided to set the number of Board members at four (4) and re-elected the current members of the Board Ms. Päivi Marttila  Ms. Kaarina Muurinen  Mr. Jukka Huuskonen and Mr. Anssi Korhonen for a term of office ending at the closing of the following Annual General Meeting. The Annual General Meeting re-elected PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorized Public Accountants  as the company's auditor for a term of office ending at the closing of the following Annual General Meeting. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified that Mr. Tuukka Kiuru  Authorized Public Accountant  will act as the principal auditor.The Annual General Meeting decided that the amount of remuneration payable to the Board of Directors remain the same as in the ending term and thus the chairman of the Board of Directors will be paid EUR 30 000  the vice chairman of the Board of Directors be paid EUR 20 000 and the other members will be paid EUR 15 000 each in remuneration for their term of office. The Annual General Meeting further decided that EUR 1 000 will be paid as remuneration per meeting to the chairman and that the other members be paid EUR 500 per meeting of the Board of Directors and its committees. The members of the Board of Directors will further be reimbursed for reasonable travel costs. It was decided that the auditor’s fees will be paid in accordance with the auditor’s invoice.The Annual General Meeting decided to authorize the Board of Directors  in one or more installments  to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act as follows:The number of shares to be issued based on the authorization may in total amount to a maximum of 684 144 shares.The Board of Directors decides on all the terms and conditions of the issuances of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorization concerns both the issuance of new shares as well as own shares possibly held by the company. The issuance of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights (directed issue).The authorization cancels the authorization given by the Annual General Meeting on April 26  2022  to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares. The authorization is valid until June 30  2024.The Annual General Meeting decided to amend the company’s Articles of Association to enable convening a General Meeting as a virtual meeting without a meeting venue as an alternative to a customary general meeting or a hybrid meeting. The Finnish Companies Act requires that shareholders can exercise their full rights in virtual meetings  with equal rights to those in customary in-person General Meetings. The 9 § of the company’s Articles of Association reads as follows:“9 § The General Meeting shall be held in Helsinki or Espoo. The Board may decide that the General Meeting is arranged without a meeting venue in a manner where shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the General Meeting using telecommunications and technical means (virtual meeting).In order to exercise his right to speak and vote at the General Meeting  a shareholder must register in the manner specified in the invitation to the meeting. The closing date for registration shall be no sooner than ten days before the meeting.”The minutes of the Annual General Meeting are available on the company’s website at www.aspocomp.com/agm starting from May 4  2023 at the latest.THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS' ORGANIZATION MEETINGIn its organization meeting held after the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors of Aspocomp Group Plc re-elected Ms. Päivi Marttila as the Chairman of the Board. Ms. Kaarina Muurinen was re-elected as the Vice Chairman.The Board of Directors did not establish an Audit Committee  the Board itself performs the duties of the Audit Committee.The Board of Directors has at its meeting evaluated the independence of the Board members in compliance with the recommendations of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code. It is the view of the Board of Directors that all Board members are independent of the company's major shareholders. The Board of Directors has also assessed that all the Board members are independent of the company.For further information  please contact Mikko Montonen  President and CEO tel. +358 40 5011 262  mikko.montonen(at)aspocomp.com.ASPOCOMP GROUP PLCMikko MontonenPresident and CEOAspocomp – heart of your technologyA printed circuit board (PCB) is used for electrical interconnection and as a component assembly platform in electronic devices. Aspocomp provides PCB technology design  testing and logistics services over the entire lifecycle of a product. The company’s own production and extensive international partner network guarantee cost-effectiveness and reliable deliveries.Aspocomp’s customers are companies that design and manufacture telecommunication systems and equipment  automotive and industrial electronics  and systems for testing semiconductor components for security technology. The company has customers around the world and most of its net sales are generated by exports.Aspocomp is headquartered in Espoo and its plant is in Oulu  one of Finland’s major technology hubs.www.aspocomp.comStory continues,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Aspocomp Group Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', ""Directors' organization meeting"", 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Ms. Päivi Marttila', 'following Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'The Finnish Companies Act', 'Ms. Kaarina Muurinen', 'Aspocomp Group Plc', 'Stock exchange release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Mr. Jukka Huuskonen', 'Mr. Anssi Korhonen', 'Authorized Public Accountants', 'Mr. Tuukka Kiuru', 'reasonable travel costs', 'customary general meeting', 'person General Meetings', 'full decision-making powers', 'other special rights', 'shareholders’ pre-emptive rights', ""DIRECTORS' ORGANIZATION MEETING"", 'annual accounts', 'full rights', 'virtual meeting', 'meeting venue', 'hybrid meeting', 'equal rights', 'The Board', 'other members', 'CEO discharge', 'financial period', 'governing bodies', 'record date', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'real time', 'technical means', 'Audit Committee', 'current members', 'total amount', 'vice chairman', 'closing date', 'Remuneration Report', 'principal auditor', 'ending term', 'Board mem', 'new shares', 'Chapter 10 Section', '684,144 shares', 'April', 'EEST', 'DECISIONS', 'liability', 'company', 'register', 'distribution', 'May', 'number', 'office', 'committees', 'fees', 'accordance', 'invoice', 'installments', 'issuance', 'options', 'authorization', 'maximum', 'terms', 'conditions', 'deviation', 'issue', 'June', 'Articles', 'Association', 'alternative', 'Helsinki', 'Espoo', 'manner', 'telecommunications', 'order', 'invitation', 'registration', 'minutes', 'website', 'agm', 'duties', 'independence', '12:10']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23340,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SAVOSOLAR-OYJ-39436098/news/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Savosolar-Plc-43555283/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Savosolar Plc,(marketscreener.com) Savosolar Plc Company Release                            20 April 2023 at 1.30 p.m. Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Savosolar Plc Notice is given to the shareholders of Savosolar Plc. to the Annual General...https://www.marketscre…,Savosolar PlcCompany Release 20 April 2023 at 1.30 p.m. (CEST)Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Savosolar PlcNotice is given to the shareholders of Savosolar Plc. to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday  12 May 2023 at 10.00 (EET) at Rake-Sali Ball Room  address Erottajankatu 4C  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 9.30 (EET).A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingAt the General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts that includes group annual accounts and annual report as well as the auditor's report for the year 2022- Review by the CEO7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Loss shown on the balance sheet and resolution on the payment of dividendsThe Board of Directors proposes that the net loss of EUR -4 998 487.33 be transferred to retained earnings / loss account and that no dividend be paid.9. Resolution on the discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO10. Resolution on remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 71 92% per cent of the company's shares and votes propose that the members of the Board of Directors to be elected be paid the following remuneration for the term that begins at the end of the Annual General Meeting and ends at the end of the next Annual General Meeting: EUR 21 600 for the Chairman of the Board and EUR 10 800 for each of the other members of the Board. Ms. Kati Ihamäki  who is proposed to the Board of Directors and whose membership would begin based on the proposal on 1 November 2023  would be entitled to 1/2 of the resolved Board remuneration.According to the proposal approximately 40 per cent of the remuneration to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors will be paid by giving to the Board members company's new shares based on the Board of Directors’ share issue authorization and approximately 60 per cent in cash. Cash portion of the remuneration is proposed to be paid in 12 monthly instalments to the extent it exceeds the amount of tax withholding from the remuneration. The number of remuneration shares will be determined on the basis of the value of the company's share in First North Growth Market Finland as follows: the volume weighted average price of the Savosolar Plc’s share within two (2) weeks following the publication of the half-year report for the period 1 January - 30 June 2023 will be used as the value of share.Alternatively  if so resolved by the Board of Directors  the remuneration shares can be purchased in the name of and on behalf of the Board members. In such case the company will pay any costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of the company shares.If the shares cannot be given due to insider regulations during the before mentioned time periods  the shares shall be given outright once it is possible in accordance with the insider regulations in force at that time. Members of the Board of Directors are not allowed to transfer the shares obtained as remuneration before their membership in the Board has endedIt is also proposed the members of the Board of Directors are reimbursed for reasonable travel and lodging costs. Travel and lodging costs are not compensated to those members of the Board of Directors who reside in the greater Helsinki area when the meetings are held in the greater Helsinki area.11. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 71 92% per cent of the company's shares and votes propose that six (6) members be elected to the Board of Directors.12. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders representing approximately 71 92% per cent of the company's shares and votes propose that Mr. Jussi Mälkiä and Mr. Ville Jussila of the current members of the Board of Directors be re-elected and existing CEO of the company Mr. Jari Varjotie (whose role as CEO will end on 11 May 2023)  Mr. Feodor Aminoff  Ms. Kati Ihamäki and Mr. Timi Hyppänen be elected as new members of the Board of Directors according to their consents. In deviation from the other members of the Board of Directors  Ms. Kati Ihamäki’s membership in the Board of Directors would begin on 1 November 2023. The term of office of the members of the Board of Directors ends at the closing of the Annual General Meeting following the election.Feodor Aminoff (Civil engineer  industrial  b. 1969)Feodor Aminoff acts as managing partner at Finnish Impact Investment Ltd and as acting chairman of Board of Oy Provator Ab and as Board member in several other companies. During 2012-2015 Aminoff acted as CEO of Cleantech Invest Oyj (publ.)  2005-2008 as CEO of Please User Experience Design Oy  200-2004 in the management team of IDO Group (part of Sanitec Oyj at the time) and 1994-1999 as project manager at KCI Konecranes Oyj (publ.). Aminoff also acts as Board member in  among other companies  Veho Oy and Nylund Group.Kati Ihamäki (BSc Business Administration and Economics  MSc Corporate Environmental Management  b. 1968)Kati Ihamäki works as VP Sustainability at Fiskars Group. Before Fiskars Group  she worked at OP Financial Group as VP Brand and corporate responsibility and in various positions at Finnair  where she was Director of Corporate Sustainability for the last few years and actively participated to the sustainability and advocacy work of international industry associations. In addition  Ihamäki is a Board member of St1 Nordic  member of Finnish Chambers of Commerce Corporate Responsibility council and Chair for Association for Finnish work.Timi Hyppänen (Paper technology  MSc and MBA  b. 1975)Timi Hyppänen is currently working in Metsä Fibre Oy as Senior Vice President Supply Chain and member of the company management board. Hyppänen has previously been working as Vice President Indirect Purchasing in Metsä Group corporation 2018-2019  Vice President Purhasing in Metsä Fibre 2013-2018  Omya Oy sales and technology manager 2008-2013 and technical service manager in Omya AG corporation in Switzerland.13. Resolution on remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor’s fees be paid according to the auditor’s reasonable invoice approved by the company.14. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that auditing firm KPMG Oy Ab be elected as the company's auditor. KPMG Oy Ab has informed that the principal auditor will be Mr. Henry Maarala  Authorised Public Accountant. The term of office of the auditor ends at the closing of the Annual General Meeting following the election.15. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the following changes be made to the company's Articles of Association:Section 1 of the Articles of Association (Business name and domicile) is amended to read as follows:§ 1 Business name and domicileThe company's business name is Meriaura Group Oyj  Meriaura Group Abp in Swedish and Meriaura Group Plc in English. The company’s domicile is Turku.Section 6 of the Articles of Association (Auditors) is amended to read as follows:§ 6 AuditorsThe company must have an auditor who is an audit firm approved by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office. The auditor's term of office ends at the end of the first annual general meeting following the election.16. Transfer of Savosolar Plc's business to a subsidiaryThe Board of Directors proposes that it be authorized to decide on a possible business transfer  in which the company's current solar heating business would be transferred in whole or in part to the company's wholly owned subsidiary Meriaura Energy Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that it be authorized to decide on all terms of a possible business transfer.17. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThe annual accounts of Savosolar Plc. that includes group annual accounts and annual report  the auditor's report as well as this notice including the proposals made to the General Meeting are available on Savosolar Plc.’s website at www.savosolar.com. The documents mentioned above are also available at the meeting. Minutes of the General Meeting are available on the above-mentioned website as from 26 May 2023 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder who is registered on 2 May 2023 in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her/its personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholders’ register of the company.A shareholder  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than 9 May 2023 at 16.00  by which time the registration shall be received. The registration may take place:at Savosolar Plc.’s website at www.savosolar.com; by e-mail to address aulikki.hynonen@savosolar.com; by phone to number +358 10 271 0810 (Tue-Fri at 9 a.m.-3 p.m. (EET)) or by mail to Savosolar Plc.  General Meeting  Insinöörinkatu 7  50150 Mikkeli.In connection with the registration a shareholder shall notify his/her/its name  personal identification number  address  email address and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Savosolar Plc. is used only in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of related necessary registrations and for shareholder communication. Shareholder  his/her/its representative or proxy representative shall  when necessary  be able to prove his/her/its identity and/or right of representation.2. Nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of shares based on which he/she/it on the record date of the meeting  i.e. on 2 May 2023  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The right to participate in the General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder has on the basis of such shares been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Ltd. at the latest on 9 May 2023 by 10.00 (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised without delay to request necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholder’s register of the company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the General Meeting from his/her/its custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the General Meeting  into the temporary shareholders’ register of the company at the latest on the date and time mentioned above.3. Shares registered at Euroclear Sweden ABShareholder whose shares are registered in the securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB and who wants to participate in the General Meeting and use his/her/its voting right  shall be registered at the shareholder’s register held by Euroclear Sweden AB on 2 May 2023 at the latest.In order to be entitled to request for temporary registration in the shareholder’s register of Savosolar Plc. held by Euroclear Finland Ltd.  a shareholder of nominee-registered shares shall request that his/her/its shares are temporarily registered under his/her/its own name in the shareholder’s register held by Euroclear Sweden AB and to ensure that the custodian bank will send the above-mentioned request for temporary registration to Euroclear Sweden AB. The registration shall be made on 2 May 2023 at the latest  and therefore a shareholder shall give the request to his/her/its custodian bank in good time prior to the above date.Shareholder  whose shares are registered in the securities system of Euroclear Sweden AB and who intends to participate in the General Meeting and use his/her/its voting right  shall request for a temporary registration of his/her shares to the shareholder’s register of Savosolar Plc. held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The request to Savosolar Plc. shall be made in written at the latest on 3 May 2023 at 10.00 Swedish time. The temporary registration through Savosolar Plc. constitutes a due registration to the General Meeting.4. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise his/her/its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation.A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise provide reliable evidence of the right to represent the shareholder. The authorization applies to one meeting  unless otherwise stated. When a shareholder participates in the General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the General Meeting.Possible proxy documents should be delivered to in originals to Savosolar Plc.  General Meeting  Insinöörinkatu 7  50150 Mikkeli  Finland before the end of the registration period.5. Other instructions and informationPursuant to Chapter 5 Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be handled at the meeting.The language of the meeting is Finnish. Part of the material to be presented in the meeting may be in English.On the date of the notice to the General Meeting  20 April 2023  the total number of shares in Savosolar Plc. is 800 102 141. Each share carries one vote at General Meeting.In Helsinki  20 April 2023SAVOSOLAR PLCBoard of DirectorsFor more information:Savosolar PlcManaging Director Jari VarjotiePhone: +358 400 419 734E-mail: jari.varjotie@savosolar.comSavosolar in briefSavosolar has two business areas: Marine Logistics and Renewable Energy.Marine Logistics (Meriaura Oy) is a major provider of transport for bulk cargo and demanding project deliveries in Northern Europe  especially in the Baltic Sea and North Sea regions. The company provides its customers with competitive and environmentally sustainable marine transport services  which also reduce carbon emissions from marine transport. Its long-term affreightment agreements  modern fleet and strong market position in renewable energy construction projects enable freight that supports environmentally friendly solutions. As part of Marine Logistics  VG-EcoFuel Oy produces recycled biofuels from bio-oils and recycled oils generated as industrial by-products.The Renewable Energy (Savosolar Oyj) designs and delivers clean energy production systems as comprehensive deliveries. The systems are built around large-scale solar thermal systems implemented using high-performance solar heat collectors manufactured by the company. Other energy production and storage technologies can also be combined with the systems. The company has taken solar thermal technology to a new level  and its collectors have patented nano-coated direct flow absorbers. With this leading technology  Savosolar enables its customers to produce clean and competitive energy.Savosolar’s shares are listed on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Sweden under the ticker symbol SAVOS and on Nasdaq First North Growth Market Finland under the ticker symbol SAVOH. www.savosolar.comThe company’s Certified Adviser is Augment Partners AB  info@augment.se  tel. +46 8-604 22 55.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Savosolar Plc', 'Notice', 'First North Growth Market Finland', 'Ms. Kati Ihamäki', 'volume weighted average price', 'Finnish Impact Investment Ltd', 'Please User Experience Des', 'Mr. Jussi Mälkiä', 'Mr. Timi Hyppänen', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Directors’ share issue authorization', 'Savosolar Plc Company Release', 'Mr. Ville Jussila', 'Mr. Jari Varjotie', 'Rake-Sali Ball Room', 'greater Helsinki area', 'Oy Provator Ab', 'Cleantech Invest Oyj', 'several other companies', 'group annual accounts', 'Mr. Feodor Aminoff', 'Savosolar Plc.', 'annual report', 'Board members company', 'Erottajankatu 4C', 'voting tickets', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', '71,92% per cent', '40 per cent', '60 per cent', '12 monthly instalments', 'two (2) weeks', 'insider regulations', 'Civil engineer', 'managing partner', 'other members', 'net loss', 'loss account', 'half-year report', 'lodging costs', 'Cash portion', 'transfer tax', 'time periods', 'reasonable travel', 'acting chairman', 'six (6) members', 'current members', 'new members', 'following remuneration', 'new shares', 'existing CEO', 'company shares', 'remuneration shares', 'Board remuneration', 'April', 'CEST', 'Notice', 'shareholders', 'Friday', 'May', 'address', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'Review', 'resolution', 'payment', 'dividends', 'earnings', 'discharge', 'liability', 'term', 'membership', 'proposal', '1 November', 'extent', 'amount', 'number', 'basis', 'value', 'publication', '1 January', '30 June', 'name', 'behalf', 'case', 'purchase', 'accordance', 'force', 'meetings', 'role', 'consents', 'deviation', 'office', 'closing', 'industrial', '1.30', '10.', '9.30']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23341,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/bulletin-from-kindred-group-plcs-annual-general-meeting-301803142.html,Bulletin from Kindred Group plc's Annual General Meeting,SLIEMA  Malta  April 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Today  at Kindred Group plc's (Kindred) Annual General Meeting (AGM)  shareholders approved the proposed cash dividend of GBP 0.345 (approximately equivalent to SEK 4.35 on 28 February 2023 exchange rates of 12.63…,SLIEMA  Malta  April 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Today  at Kindred Group plc's (Kindred) Annual General Meeting (AGM)  shareholders approved the proposed cash dividend of GBP 0.345 (approximately equivalent to SEK 4.35 on 28 February 2023 exchange rates of 12.63 GBP/SEK) and payable in SEK. In order to facilitate a more efficient cash management  the dividend will be paid in two equal instalments. The record date for the first instalment will be 24 April 2023 and distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on 27 April 2023 with an ex-dividend date of 21 April 2023  and for the second instalment the record date will be 24 October 2023 and distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on 27 October 2023 with an ex-dividend date of 23 October 2023. For accounting purposes  the rates of exchange to be used shall be the SEK-GBP rate prevalent on 21 April 2023 and 23 October 2023 respectively.Evert Carlsson  Heidi Skogster and James H. Gemmel were re-elected as Directors of the Company.Cédric Boireau  Jonas Jansson  Andy McCue  Martin Randel and Kenneth Shea were elected as Directors of the Company.Peter Boggs  Gunnel Duveblad  Erik Forsberg  Carl-Magnus Månsson and Fredrik Peyron did not stand for re-election.In addition  at the AGM  the resolution to pay a total fee of GBP 861 500 to Directors elected at the AGM  who are not employed by the Company  was approved.The AGM also resolved that  until the general meeting of the shareholders decides otherwise  the Nomination Committee shall consist of not less than four and not more than five members.Regarding the Board's proposal for share repurchase  share cancellation and emission of shares respectively in accordance with the Notice:At the AGM  31.35 per cent in nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue were represented at the meeting and 99.92 per cent of the represented shares/SDRs (31.32 per cent of the total Share/SDRs in issue) voted in favour of granting the authorisation for share repurchase  99.988 per cent of the represented shares/SDRs (31.34 per cent of the total Share/SDRs in issue) voted in favour of granting the authorisation for share cancellation and 99.988 per cent of the represented shares/SDRs (31.34 per cent of the total Share/SDRs in issue) voted in favour of granting the authorisation for emission of shares.In accordance with article 135 of the Companies Act (Cap.386 of the laws of Malta) the adoption of the resolution also requires that at least 51 per cent of the nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue be represented at the meeting. As this requirement was not met  the Board will convene an Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) to take a fresh vote on these proposals in accordance with the rules set out in article 135(1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap.386 of the Laws of Malta).At this EGM there is no longer this requirement  but the resolution can be adopted if 75 per cent or more of the nominal value of the total issued shares/SDRs participating and entitled to vote at the meeting vote in favour.Should more than 50 per cent of the nominal value of the total issued shares/SDRs be represented at the EGM  a simple majority of those who participate and have the right to vote will suffice for the adoption of the resolution.Board of DirectorsKindred Group plcCONTACT:For more information:Johan Wilsby  Chief Financial Officerir@kindredgroup.comThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/824/3755050/1998787.pdf Press release: Bulletin from Kindred Group plc's Annual General MeetingSOURCE Kindred Group,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Kindred Group plc', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Bulletin', 'Kindred) Annual General Meeting', 'Kindred Group plc', 'SOURCE Kindred Group', 'two equal instalments', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'James H. Gemmel', 'Cédric Boireau', 'Carl-Magnus Månsson', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'efficient cash management', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'cash dividend', 'record date', 'first instalment', 'ex-dividend date', 'second instalment', 'accounting purposes', 'SEK-GBP rate', 'Evert Carlsson', 'Heidi Skogster', 'Jonas Jansson', 'Andy McCue', 'Martin Randel', 'Kenneth Shea', 'Peter Boggs', 'Gunnel Duveblad', 'Erik Forsberg', 'Fredrik Peyron', 'Nomination Committee', 'five members', 'share repurchase', 'share cancellation', '31.35 per cent', 'nominal value', '99.92 per cent', '31.32 per cent', '99.988 per cent', '31.34 per cent', 'Companies Act', '51 per cent', '75 per cent', '50 per cent', 'simple majority', 'Johan Wilsby', 'following files', 'Press release', 'total fee', 'total Share/SDRs', 'fresh vote', 'total shares/SDRs', 'exchange rates', 'SLIEMA', 'Malta', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'AGM', 'shareholders', '28 February', 'order', '24 October', '27 October', '23 October', 'Directors', 'Company', 'election', 'addition', 'resolution', 'less', 'four', 'Board', 'proposal', 'emission', 'accordance', 'Notice', 'issue', 'favour', 'authorisation', 'article', 'Cap.', 'laws', 'adoption', 'requirement', 'EGM', 'rules', 'right', 'CONTACT', 'information', 'download', 'cision', 'Bulletin', '12.']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,prnewswire.co.uk
23342,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/20/2651253/0/en/The-Global-Automotive-Fintech-Market-size-is-expected-to-reach-82-6-billion-by-2028-rising-at-a-market-growth-of-9-0-CAGR-during-the-forecast-period.html,The Global Automotive Fintech Market size is expected to reach $82.6 billion by 2028  rising at a market growth of 9.0% CAGR during the forecast period,"A subset of financial technology called ""automotive fintech"" caters to the need for digital financial services in the auto sector. Digital insurance  car payments  digital leasing  and other services are all part of the automotive fintech industry. A subset o…","New York  April 20  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Reportlinker.com announces the release of the report ""Global Automotive Fintech Market Size  Share & Industry Trends Analysis Report By Channel  By Vehicle Type  By Propulsion Type  By End User  By Regional Outlook and Forecast  2022 - 2028"" - https://www.reportlinker.com/p06449950/?utm_source=GNWAutomotive fintech companies streamline and automate financial processes to simplify buying and running automobiles for customers and businesses. These technologies include machine learning  data analytics  and blockchain.Automotive fintech includes equipment for managing and owning vehicles and purchasing and financing them. For instance  smartphone applications let users check their vehicle’s health and get alerts when repairs are due. Other systems enable customers to hire automobiles for brief periods without going to a rental car office. These systems provide on-demand automobile sharing and rental services.Most dealerships and car loan financing organizations know that change is necessary and that they must start implementing cutting-edge end-to-end pricing technologies  such as digital loans and purchases. Fortunately  recent developments in cloud and digital technology have made innovations and trends in vehicle finance possible. Auto dealers can now ultimately oversee every element of their lending program due to the sophisticated end-to-end lending software  which integrates cutting-edge technologies like machine learning  advanced data analytics  and artificial intelligence. The usage of such technologies would accelerate market growth.COVID-19 Impact AnalysisThe variety of products available  and convenience  in 2020–21  pandemic-related reactions and containment measures will raise the relevance of these elements. Fintech companies  big tech companies  and established financial institutions are adjusting quickly to a new business environment. The usage of digital payments and modifications in the buying and selling habits of retail consumers and vendors were two developments accelerated by COVID-19 and thereby propelled the market growth despite the initial restriction to the market growth due to the decline in automotive industry.Market Growth FactorsCooperation between cab companies and fintech firmsThe on-demand provision of transportation services to customers through automobiles  taxis  or ride-hailing services is the business of the cab rental industry. With the development of technology and smartphone applications  the industry has seen remarkable growth  making it more straightforward for customers to schedule a trip and track their cars in real-time. Cab companies offer many services  including hourly rentals  point-to-point trips  and airport shuttle services. The collaboration between cab firms and fintech companies for mutual benefits is expected to drive market growth.Automotive industry’s digitalizationThe digitization of supply chains is fueled by the continuously growing desire for industries to be more responsible and sustainable globally. Technologies like blockchain and smart contracts will be used to accomplish this objective of traceability and transparency further. The increasing digitalization of the automotive sector provides different growth opportunities for automotive fintech firms to provide better financial services to the consumers and thereby surge market growth.Market Restraining FactorsConcerns regarding security and privacy of the fintech firmsOne-time passwords and other forms of authentication are used by fintech businesses to protect the payment system  but hackers can still access these systems  stealing financial and personal data. While cyberattacks get more sophisticated every day and establishing total security in the digital realm is quite a challenge  financial organizations have always been in danger of data leaks. Yet hackers often use these third-party programs as a point of entry. They allow hackers to pretend to be authorized users to get access without authorization  compromising data security. Data security risk with the fintech firms is anticipated to restrict the market growth.End Use OutlookBased on end-use  the automotive fintech market is segmented into in vehicle payments  online leasing  digital loans & purchase and online insurance. The online leasing segment acquired a significant revenue share in the automotive fintech market in 2021. This is due to the fact that online methods reduce the time it takes to hire a vehicle and the expense of paying personnel to enter data into paper-based records. Also  by removing needless trips back to the office for information or paperwork  these technologies enable rental car firms to monitor cars more effectively and save on costs.Channel OutlookOn the basis of channel  the automotive fintech market is divided into on demand and subscription. The on-demand segment held the highest revenue share in the automotive fintech market in 2021. The growth is owing to the fact that with on-demand services  one only pays for what they use. The user gets a custom solution that allows them to function effectively. Moreover  on-demand services guarantee that one may expand the services as and when needed. This is simple to do without spending money on new gear.Vehicle Type OutlookBy vehicle type  the automotive fintech market is classified into passenger car and commercial vehicle. The commercial vehicle segment garnered a prominent revenue share in the automotive fintech market in 2021. This is owing to the fast development of population and urbanization  growing infrastructures  and expansion in the industrial sector. The industrial sector is increasing in emerging nations  creating opportunities in various industries  including building  mining  and tourism. Due to the rise in commuters brought on by the employment situation  there is a significant demand for public transportation.Propulsion Type OutlookBased on the propulsion type  the automotive fintech market is bifurcated into ICE and electric. The ICE segment recorded a significant revenue share in the automotive fintech market in 2021. This is due to the fact that an ICE car delivers higher engine power than the average electric vehicle and is often less costly than an electric or hybrid electric vehicle. Traditional  oil-derived fuels like gasoline or diesel propel a car with an internal combustion engine  and have a minimal fueling time which is the reason behind the high preference of these vehicles.Regional OutlookRegion-wise  the automotive fintech market is analyzed across North America  Europe  Asia Pacific  and LAMEA. The North America region held the highest revenue share in the automotive fintech market in 2021. This is because the automotive sector has advanced remarkably in the region. This is owing to availability of a large number of automotive fintech service providers in the region. There is a robust support by the government towards the sales of EV vehicles and giving financial aid to the auto financing. The rising awareness regarding the environmental conservation which is further fueling the demand for EVs providing more growth opportunities for the automotive fintech market.The market research report covers the analysis of key stake holders of the market. Key companies profiled in the report include Kuwy Technology Services Pvt Ltd. (Volkswagen Financial Services AG) (Volkswagen AG)  Creditas Soluções Financeiras Ltda.  Euroclear SA/NV (Euroclear Holding SA/NV)  Grab Holdings Inc  Blinker Inc.  The Savings Group  Inc. (Autopay)  Cuvva Limited  RouteOne LLC  By Miles  and AutoFi  Inc.Strategies Deployed in Automotive Fintech MarketDec-2022: Euroclear entered into an agreement to acquire FinTech Goji  a private markets technology and services developer. The acquisition would allow the company to offer its clients a one-stop shop offering across a spectrum of products including ETFs and private funds and mutual and alternative funds.Aug-2022: Blinker joined hands with Flagship Credit Acceptance to leverage Flagship’s resources to accumulate more shares within auto financing. Through this partnership  the company aimed to deploy its proprietary loan origination solutions with a trusted partner.Aug-2022: RouteOne came into collaboration with Paays  a Canadian FinTech startup focused on creating digital finance solutions. The company would integrate Paays ID Verifier into the RouteOne platform to enable automotive dealerships to fight fraudulent loan activities. The integration enables the digital transmission of customer identity information between dealers  consumers  and finance sources through the RouteOne Credit Application System.Apr-2022: By Miles revealed its By Miles Connect platform  the would allow drivers of connected cars to connect their insurance policy to the company directly from their car. The platform allows the company to take information directly from the vehicles  via the cloud  and utilize information about the distance driven to price insurance.Feb-2022: Kuwy unveiled Lending-as-a-Service (LaaS) platform for online car sellers. The new platform would enable car manufacturers (OEMs)  dealers  aggregator platforms  and lenders to provide digital retailing to customers. The new Lending-as-a-Service (LaaS) platform focuses on point of search  which includes websites of dealers  OEMs  car marketplace  and aggregators.Sep-2021: Creditas announced its partnership with Nubank  a Brazilian fintech bank. to provide its products to Nubank customers in Brazil. The partnership would enable the company to allow Nubank customers to change their cars or renovate their homes.Jul-2021: Creditas acquired Minuto Seguros  Brazil’s largest digital insurance brokerage. The acquisition of Minuto would enable the company to offer its customers a digital platform for selling  trading  finance  their car.Feb-2021: By Miles came into partnership with WNS Assistance  providers of end-to-end claims management solutions. The partnership is aimed at managing claims by using the real-time data of the vehicle for a first-of-its-kind connected car insurance policy using the real-time data of the vehicle.Jan-2021: AutoFi expanded its business by launching a new division lending as a service. The new division would allow the finance and purchasing of a car entirely online.Jun-2020: RouteOne collaborated with Carzato  an automotive online services provider  to improve the experience for consumers and dealers in North America. The integration of Carzato with RouteOne would help the company to solve current market challenges and support the Online Retailing Experience launch that provides quality leads from dealer digital retail platforms and OEM.Oct-2019: RouteOne formed a partnership with LendingTree  Inc.  a leading online loan marketplace  to enhance the procedure of car purchasing for consumers  car dealers  and indirect auto financing sources alike.Jan-2018: AutoFi formed a partnership with JPMorgan Chase  an American multinational financial services company. The partnership would enable the company to offer a digital retailing solution to dealers across the nation.Scope of the StudyMarket Segments covered in the Report:By Channel• On Demand• SubscriptionBy Vehicle Type• Passenger Car• Commercial VehicleBy Propulsion Type• ICE• ElectricBy End User• Digital Loans & Purchase• Online Leasing• Online Insurance• In-Vehicle PaymentsBy Geography• North Americao USo Canadao Mexicoo Rest of North America• Europeo Germanyo UKo Franceo Russiao Spaino Italyo Rest of Europe• Asia Pacifico Chinao Japano Indiao South Koreao Singaporeo Malaysiao Rest of Asia Pacific• LAMEAo Brazilo Argentinao UAEo Saudi Arabiao South Africao Nigeriao Rest of LAMEACompanies Profiled• Kuwy Technology Services Pvt Ltd. (Volkswagen Financial Services AG) (Volkswagen AG)• Creditas Soluções Financeiras Ltda.• Euroclear SA/NV (Euroclear Holding SA/NV)• Grab Holdings Inc• Blinker Inc.• The Savings Group  Inc. (Autopay)• Cuvva Limited• RouteOne LLC• By Miles• AutoFi  Inc.Unique Offerings• Exhaustive coverage• Highest number of market tables and figures• Subscription based model available• Guaranteed best price• Assured post sales research support with 10% customization freeRead the full report: https://www.reportlinker.com/p06449950/?utm_source=GNWAbout ReportlinkerReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly  in one place.__________________________",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.01,0.98,True,English,"['The Global Automotive Fintech Market size', 'market growth', 'forecast period', '9.0% CAGR', 'Global Automotive Fintech Market Size', 'car loan financing organizations', 'Industry Trends Analysis Report', 'COVID-19 Impact Analysis', 'Market Restraining Factors', 'rental car firms', 'big tech companies', 'significant revenue share', 'highest revenue share', 'airport shuttle services', 'end lending software', 'different growth opportunities', 'rental car office', 'End Use Outlook', 'Automotive fintech companies', 'automotive fintech firms', 'Market Growth Factors', 'advanced data analytics', 'new business environment', 'cab rental industry', 'online leasing segment', 'Data security risk', 'end pricing technologies', 'automotive industry', 'rental services', 'automotive sector', 'financial organizations', 'End User', 'sophisticated end', 'cab companies', 'cab firms', 'New York', 'lending program', 'Regional Outlook', 'online insurance', 'online methods', 'transportation services', 'ride-hailing services', 'many services', 'fintech businesses', 'personal data', 'data leaks', 'remarkable growth', 'demand segment', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Reportlinker.com', 'Propulsion Type', 'machine learning', 'smartphone applications', 'brief periods', 'automobile sharing', 'Most dealerships', 'digital loans', 'recent developments', 'Auto dealers', 'artificial intelligence', 'pandemic-related reactions', 'containment measures', 'digital payments', 'selling habits', 'two developments', 'initial restriction', 'hourly rentals', 'mutual benefits', 'supply chains', 'growing desire', 'smart contracts', 'One-time passwords', 'other forms', 'payment system', 'total security', 'digital realm', 'third-party programs', 'paper-based records', 'needless trips', 'financial services', 'financial processes', 'financial institutions', 'demand services', 'Channel Outlook', 'Vehicle Type', 'vehicle finance', 'demand provision', 'vehicle payments', 'digital technology', 'cutting-edge technologies', 'retail consumers', 'point trips', 'increasing digitalization', 'Other systems', 'April', 'release', 'Forecast', 'automobiles', 'customers', 'blockchain', 'equipment', 'vehicles', 'instance', 'users', 'health', 'alerts', 'repairs', 'change', 'purchases', 'cloud', 'innovations', 'element', 'usage', 'variety', 'products', 'convenience', 'relevance', 'modifications', 'buying', 'vendors', 'decline', 'Cooperation', 'taxis', 'cars', 'real-time', 'collaboration', 'digitization', 'industries', 'objective', 'traceability', 'transparency', 'Concerns', 'privacy', 'authentication', 'hackers', 'cyberattacks', 'challenge', 'danger', 'entry', 'access', 'authorization', 'end-use', 'expense', 'personnel', 'information', 'paperwork', 'costs', 'basis', 'subscription']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,globenewswire.com
23343,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HONKARAKENNE-OYJ-1412463/news/DECISIONS-MADE-BY-HONKARAKENNE-OYJ-S-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING-43593707/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,DECISIONS MADE BY HONKARAKENNE OYJ'S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,(marketscreener.com) HONKARAKENNE OYJ         Stock Exchange Release 20 April 2023 at 18:00 DECISIONS MADE BY HONKARAKENNE OYJ’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING Honkarakenne Oyj’s Annual General Meeting held on Thursday  20 April 2023 in Honkarakenne’s Karstula factor…,HONKARAKENNE OYJ Stock Exchange Release 20 April 2023 at 18:00DECISIONS MADE BY HONKARAKENNE OYJ’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGHonkarakenne Oyj’s Annual General Meeting held on Thursday  20 April 2023 in Honkarakenne’s Karstula factory at Hongantie 41  Karstula  Finland. The General Meeting adopted the financial statements  approved the remuneration report  and granted discharge from liability for 2022 to the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO.Payment of dividendsThe Annual General Meeting decided that dividends of EUR 0.25 per share will be paid for the financial year ending on 31 December 2022. No dividend will be paid on shares held by the parent company and the remaining retained earnings will be retained in equity.The dividend will be paid to shareholders who  on the record date of the dividend payment  24 April 2023  are registered in the company’s shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The payment date for the dividend is 2 May 2023.Members of the Board of Directors and remunerationsFive members were elected to the Board of Directors: Arto Halonen  Timo Kohtamäki  Maria Ristola  Kari Saarelainen and Antti Tiitola.The Annual General Meeting decided to set the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors at EUR 2 000 per month  the remuneration of the chairman of the board at EUR 3 500 per month. Should the Board of Directors appoint committees from among its number  the committee members will be paid EUR 500 for each committee meeting. Furthermore  the members’ travel and accommodation costs shall be reimbursed against an invoice.AuditorsErnst & Young Oy  member of the Finnish Institute of Authorised Public Accountants  was re-appointed as auditor of the company  with Elina Laitinen  APA  as chief auditor. The auditing can be remunerated in accordance with a reasonable invoice.Authorising the board of directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to decide on the purchase of no more than 400.000 of the company’s own B shares using funds from the company’s unrestricted shareholders’ equity. The Board of Directors shall decide on the procedure of the share purchase. The company’s own shares may be acquired in a proportion disapplying the pre-emptive rights of the existing shareholders. The authorisation also covers the acquisition of shares in the public trading of NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Oy in accordance with the rules and regulations of NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Oy and Euroclear Finland Oy or by means of a repurchase offer made to the shareholders. Shares may be acquired for the purpose of developing the capital structure of the company  for the financing or implementation of acquisitions or other similar arrangements  for the implementation of the company’s share-based incentive schemes or for other transfers or maculation. The share acquisition shall be based on the share’s market price in public trading  with the minimum price of the share concerned corresponding to the lowest market price quoted for the share in public trading and the maximum price correspondingly being the highest market price quoted in public trading  while the authorisation remains valid. The authorisation also covers the option of taking as pledge the company’s own B shares. The Board of Directors shall decide on all other issues pertaining to the acquisition of its own shares. The authorisation remains in force until the next Annual General Meeting  however expiring at the latest on June 30  2024.Authorising the board of directors to decide on the issue of shares as well as the issue of options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to decide on rights issue or bonus issue and on the granting of special rights entitling to shares in one or more instalments on the following terms and conditions in Chapter 10  section 1 of the Companies Act:- Under the authorisation  the Board of Directors may issue a maximum of 1.500.000 new shares and/or transfer old B shares held by the company inclusive of any shares that may be issued.- The issue may also be made to the company itself  within the legal framework.- The authorisation entitles the company to depart  within legal provisions  from the shareholders’ priority right to subscribe for new shares (directed issue).- The authorisation may be used to execute acquisitions or put in place other arrangements within the scope of the company’s business or to finance investment  improve the company’s capital structure  assist in implementing the company’s incentive scheme or for other purposes designated by the Board of Directors.- The authorisation includes the right to decide on the manner in which the subscription price is recognised in the company’s balance sheet. Apart from cash  other property (property given as subscription in kind) may be used to pay the subscription price  either in full or in part. Furthermore  claims held by the subscriber may be used to set off the subscription price. The Board of Directors is entitled to decide on any other matters arising from the share issue or relating to the special rights giving entitlement to shares.- The authorisation remains in force until the next Annual General Meeting  however expiring at the latest on June 30  2024.Minutes of the meetingThe minutes of the General Meeting will be available on Honkarakenne’s website at www.honka.com as of 4 May 2023  at the latest.HONKARAKENNE OYJMarko SaarelainenPresident and CEOFurther information:Marko Saarelainen  President and CEO  tel. +358 40 542 0254  marko.saarelainen@honka.com orMaarit Jylhä  CFO  tel. +358 40 594 4099  maarit.jylha@honka.comDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediaFinancial Supervisory Authoritywww.honka.comHonkarakenne Oyj manufactures high-quality  healthy and ecological log homes  holiday homes and public buildings under its Honka® brand from Finnish solid wood. The company has delivered 85 000 buildings to over 50 countries. House kits are manufactured in Finland  the company's own factory is located in Karstula. In 2022  Honkarakenne Group's net sales were EUR 73.7 million  of which exports accounted for 26%. www.honka.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'HONKARAKENNE OYJ', 'DECISIONS', 'HONKARAKENNE OYJ Stock Exchange Release', 'NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Oy', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'The General Meeting', 'Timo Kohtamäki', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'share-based incentive schemes', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Authorised Public Accountants', 'lowest market price', 'highest market price', 'other similar arrangements', 'other special rights', 'unrestricted shareholders’ equity', 'shareholders’ priority right', 'old B shares', 'committee meeting', 'Young Oy', 'other arrangements', 'The Board', 'other transfers', 'minimum price', 'other issues', 'other purposes', 'pre-emptive rights', 'public trading', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'record date', ""shareholders' register"", 'Arto Halonen', 'Maria Ristola', 'Kari Saarelainen', 'Antti Tiitola', 'accommodation costs', 'Finnish Institute', 'Elina Laitinen', 'existing shareholders', 'capital structure', 'following terms', 'Companies Act', 'legal framework', 'legal provisions', 'balance sheet', 'maximum price', 'subscription price', 'other property', 'rights issue', 'Karstula factory', 'Five members', 'committee members', 'members’ travel', 'chief auditor', 'reasonable invoice', 'repurchase offer', 'bonus issue', 'directed issue', '1.500.000 new shares', 'remuneration report', 'payment date', 'parent company', 'share purchase', 'share acquisition', 'April', 'DECISIONS', 'Thursday', 'Hongantie', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Directors', 'President', 'CEO', 'dividends', '31 December', 'earnings', '2 May', 'remunerations', 'month', 'chairman', 'committees', 'number', 'Auditors', 'Ernst', 'APA', 'auditing', 'accordance', 'funds', 'procedure', 'proportion', 'authorisation', 'rules', 'regulations', 'means', 'financing', 'implementation', 'acquisitions', 'maculation', 'option', 'pledge', 'force', 'June', 'granting', 'instalments', 'conditions', 'Chapter', 'section', 'place', 'scope', 'business', 'investment', 'manner', 'cash', 'kind', 'full', 'part', 'claims', 'subscriber']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23344,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/20/2651270/0/en/DECISIONS-MADE-BY-HONKARAKENNE-OYJ-S-ANNUAL-GENERAL-MEETING.html,DECISIONS MADE BY HONKARAKENNE OYJ’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING,HONKARAKENNE OYJ         Stock Exchange Release 20 April 2023 at 18:00  DECISIONS MADE BY HONKARAKENNE OYJ’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING  Honkarakenne Oyj’s......,English FinnishHONKARAKENNE OYJ Stock Exchange Release 20 April 2023 at 18:00DECISIONS MADE BY HONKARAKENNE OYJ’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGHonkarakenne Oyj’s Annual General Meeting held on Thursday  20 April 2023 in Honkarakenne’s Karstula factory at Hongantie 41  Karstula  Finland. The General Meeting adopted the financial statements  approved the remuneration report  and granted discharge from liability for 2022 to the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO.Payment of dividendsThe Annual General Meeting decided that dividends of EUR 0.25 per share will be paid for the financial year ending on 31 December 2022. No dividend will be paid on shares held by the parent company and the remaining retained earnings will be retained in equity.The dividend will be paid to shareholders who  on the record date of the dividend payment  24 April 2023  are registered in the company’s shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. The payment date for the dividend is 2 May 2023.Members of the Board of Directors and remunerationsFive members were elected to the Board of Directors: Arto Halonen  Timo Kohtamäki  Maria Ristola  Kari Saarelainen and Antti Tiitola.The Annual General Meeting decided to set the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors at EUR 2 000 per month  the remuneration of the chairman of the board at EUR 3 500 per month. Should the Board of Directors appoint committees from among its number  the committee members will be paid EUR 500 for each committee meeting. Furthermore  the members’ travel and accommodation costs shall be reimbursed against an invoice.AuditorsErnst & Young Oy  member of the Finnish Institute of Authorised Public Accountants  was re-appointed as auditor of the company  with Elina Laitinen  APA  as chief auditor. The auditing can be remunerated in accordance with a reasonable invoice.Authorising the board of directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to decide on the purchase of no more than 400.000 of the company’s own B shares using funds from the company’s unrestricted shareholders’ equity. The Board of Directors shall decide on the procedure of the share purchase. The company’s own shares may be acquired in a proportion disapplying the pre-emptive rights of the existing shareholders. The authorisation also covers the acquisition of shares in the public trading of NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Oy in accordance with the rules and regulations of NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Oy and Euroclear Finland Oy or by means of a repurchase offer made to the shareholders. Shares may be acquired for the purpose of developing the capital structure of the company  for the financing or implementation of acquisitions or other similar arrangements  for the implementation of the company’s share-based incentive schemes or for other transfers or maculation. The share acquisition shall be based on the share’s market price in public trading  with the minimum price of the share concerned corresponding to the lowest market price quoted for the share in public trading and the maximum price correspondingly being the highest market price quoted in public trading  while the authorisation remains valid. The authorisation also covers the option of taking as pledge the company’s own B shares. The Board of Directors shall decide on all other issues pertaining to the acquisition of its own shares. The authorisation remains in force until the next Annual General Meeting  however expiring at the latest on June 30  2024.Authorising the board of directors to decide on the issue of shares as well as the issue of options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to decide on rights issue or bonus issue and on the granting of special rights entitling to shares in one or more instalments on the following terms and conditions in Chapter 10  section 1 of the Companies Act:- Under the authorisation  the Board of Directors may issue a maximum of 1.500.000 new shares and/or transfer old B shares held by the company inclusive of any shares that may be issued.- The issue may also be made to the company itself  within the legal framework.- The authorisation entitles the company to depart  within legal provisions  from the shareholders’ priority right to subscribe for new shares (directed issue).- The authorisation may be used to execute acquisitions or put in place other arrangements within the scope of the company’s business or to finance investment  improve the company’s capital structure  assist in implementing the company’s incentive scheme or for other purposes designated by the Board of Directors.- The authorisation includes the right to decide on the manner in which the subscription price is recognised in the company’s balance sheet. Apart from cash  other property (property given as subscription in kind) may be used to pay the subscription price  either in full or in part. Furthermore  claims held by the subscriber may be used to set off the subscription price. The Board of Directors is entitled to decide on any other matters arising from the share issue or relating to the special rights giving entitlement to shares.- The authorisation remains in force until the next Annual General Meeting  however expiring at the latest on June 30  2024.Minutes of the meetingThe minutes of the General Meeting will be available on Honkarakenne’s website at www.honka.com as of 4 May 2023  at the latest.HONKARAKENNE OYJMarko SaarelainenPresident and CEOFurther information:Marko Saarelainen  President and CEO  tel. +358 40 542 0254  marko.saarelainen@honka.com orMaarit Jylhä  CFO  tel. +358 40 594 4099  maarit.jylha@honka.comDISTRIBUTIONNasdaq Helsinki LtdKey mediaFinancial Supervisory Authoritywww.honka.comHonkarakenne Oyj manufactures high-quality  healthy and ecological log homes  holiday homes and public buildings under its Honka® brand from Finnish solid wood. The company has delivered 85 000 buildings to over 50 countries. House kits are manufactured in Finland  the company's own factory is located in Karstula. In 2022  Honkarakenne Group's net sales were EUR 73.7 million  of which exports accounted for 26%. www.honka.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'HONKARAKENNE OYJ', 'DECISIONS', 'HONKARAKENNE OYJ Stock Exchange Release', 'NASDAQ OMX Helsinki Oy', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'The General Meeting', 'Timo Kohtamäki', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'share-based incentive schemes', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Authorised Public Accountants', 'lowest market price', 'highest market price', 'other similar arrangements', 'other special rights', 'unrestricted shareholders’ equity', 'shareholders’ priority right', 'old B shares', 'committee meeting', 'Young Oy', 'other arrangements', 'The Board', 'other transfers', 'minimum price', 'other issues', 'other purposes', 'pre-emptive rights', 'public trading', 'English Finnish', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'record date', ""shareholders' register"", 'Arto Halonen', 'Maria Ristola', 'Kari Saarelainen', 'Antti Tiitola', 'accommodation costs', 'Finnish Institute', 'Elina Laitinen', 'existing shareholders', 'capital structure', 'following terms', 'Companies Act', 'legal framework', 'legal provisions', 'balance sheet', 'subscription price', 'maximum price', 'other property', 'rights issue', 'Karstula factory', 'Five members', 'committee members', 'members’ travel', 'chief auditor', 'reasonable invoice', 'repurchase offer', '1.500.000 new shares', 'remuneration report', 'payment date', 'bonus issue', 'parent company', 'share purchase', 'share acquisition', 'April', 'DECISIONS', 'Thursday', 'Hongantie', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Directors', 'President', 'CEO', 'dividends', '31 December', 'earnings', '2 May', 'remunerations', 'month', 'chairman', 'committees', 'number', 'Auditors', 'Ernst', 'APA', 'auditing', 'accordance', 'funds', 'procedure', 'proportion', 'authorisation', 'rules', 'regulations', 'means', 'financing', 'implementation', 'acquisitions', 'maculation', 'option', 'pledge', 'force', 'June', 'granting', 'instalments', 'conditions', 'Chapter', 'section', 'place', 'scope', 'business', 'investment', 'manner', 'cash', 'kind', 'full', 'part', 'claims', 'subscriber', '18:00']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,globenewswire.com
23345,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALLIGO-AB-PUBL-35897708/news/Alligo-Notice-of-AGM-2023-43547339/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Alligo : Notice of AGM 2023,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   19 April 2023   Notice of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in Alligo AB on 24 May 2023   The shareholders in Alligo AB   corporate registration number 559072-1352   are hereby convened to the Annual Gene…,"Alligo : Notice of AGM 2023 04/19/2023 | 08:04pm EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields PRESS RELEASE 19 April 2023 Notice of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in Alligo AB (publ) on 24 May 2023 The shareholders in Alligo AB (publ)  corporate registration number 559072-1352 (""Alligo"" or the ""Company"")  are hereby convened to the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders at 10:00 on Wednesday  24 May 2023 at Kapitel 8  Klarabergsviadukten 90  Stockholm. Registration for the Meeting will commence at 09:30. REGISTRATION AND NOTIFICATION Shareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting must be recorded in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB not later than Monday  15 May 2023  and file notice of their intention to participate with the Company's head office not laterthan Wednesday  17 May 2023; by mail at ""Annual General Meeting 24 May 2023""  Alligo AB  Box 631  135 26 Tyresö  Sweden; by telephone +46 8 727 27 20; orby e-mail bolagsstamma@alligo.com. Notices must contain information about the shareholders' name  personal identity number (corporate registration number)  address  telephone number  number of shares and the names of any assisting counsel (maximum of two). Personal data obtained from the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  the notice filed and participation in the Annual General Meeting as well as information on deputies  proxies and assisting counsel will be used for registration  the preparation of the electoral register for the Meeting and  where applicable  the minutes of the Annual General Meeting. Personal data is handled in accordance with the Data Protection Regulation (European Parliament and Council Regulation (EU) 2016/679)  applicable from 25 May 2018. Read more about Alligo's processing of personal data in the Company's privacy policy  which is available at the Company's website  alligo.com. To be entitled to participate in the Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of their participation to the Annual General Meeting  register the shares in their own name so that the shareholder is registered in the shareholders' register on the record date of Monday  15 May 2023. This re-registration may be temporary (known as ""voting rights registration"") and is carried out through the nominee according to their procedures at a time predetermined by the nominee. Voting rights registration that has been completed by the nominee not later than Wednesday  17 May 2023  will be recognised in the shareholders' register. POWER OF ATTORNEY In the case of participation by proxy authorised by a power of attorney  a written and dated power of attorney signed by the shareholder and other relevant authorisation documents are to be presented. Representatives of legal entities must also submit a copy of the entity's certificate of incorporation or corresponding authorisation documents showing that they are authorised to represent the legal entity. A copy of the power of attorney and any certificate of incorporation should be delivered to the Company well in advance of the Meeting. The original copy of the power of attorney must also be presented at the Meeting. The Company provides shareholders with a power of attorney form  which is available at the Company's head office or at the Company's website www.alligo.com. PROPOSED AGENDA Opening of the Meeting. Election of the Chairman to preside over the Meeting. Compilation and approval of Electoral Register. Approval of the agenda proposed by the Board of Directors for the Meeting. Election of one or two persons to approve the Minutes to be taken at the Meeting. Determination of whether the Meeting has been duly convened. Address by the President & CEO. Presentation of the annual accounts and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated financial statements and the consolidated auditor's report  and an account by the Company's auditor. Resolution regarding adoption of the income statement and balance sheet  and of the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet  allocation of the Company's earnings in accordance with the duly adopted balance sheet  and  discharge from liability for the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO. Resolution regarding approval of the Board of Directors' remuneration report for 2022. Report on the work of the Election Committee. Determination of the number of Directors. Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and the auditors. Election of Board members and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Election of registered accounting firm. Resolution regarding amendment of the Election Committee's instructions. Election of members and Chairman of the Election Committee. Resolution regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on acquisition and transfer of own shares. Resolution regarding authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve to issue new shares up to 10 per cent of the number of shares to use as payment for acquisitions. Closing of the Meeting. PROPOSALS BY THE ELECTION COMMITTEE FOR RESOLUTIONS REGARDING ITEMS 2 AND 12-16 IN ACCORDANCE WITH ABOVE The Annual General Meeting on 31 August 2020 resolved that the members of the Election Committee are to be nominated by the major shareholders in the Company  whereby the four largest shareholders in the Company  in terms of votes according to the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden on the final banking day in February  are entitled to nominate one member each. The nominated members (including the Chairman of the Election Committee) are to be elected as members of the Election Committee by the Company's Annual General Meeting for the period up until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. In accordance with the above  the following individuals were elected to the Election Committee ahead of the 2023 Annual General Meeting: Chairman of the Election Committee Peter Hofvenstam (nominated by Nordstjernan)  Stefan Hedelius (nominated by Tom Hedelius)  Joachim Spetz (nominated by Swedbank Robur Fonder) and Lilian Fossum Biner (nominated by Handelsbanken Fonder). The Election Committee  whose members represent approximately 69 per cent of the total number of votes  has announced that it will propose that the Annual General Meeting to be held on 24 May 2023 pass the following resolutions with respect to the items above: Item 2 Election of the Chairman to preside over the Meeting. Chairman of the Board Göran Näsholm (or in the event that he is unable to participate  an individual appointed by the Election Committee) is proposed as Chairman of the Meeting Item 12 Determination of the number of Directors. Six ordinary Directors without deputies. Item 13 Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and the auditors. The Election Committee proposes a total directors' fee of SEK 2 400 000 (previous year SEK 2 400 000) to be distributed as follows: The Chairman of the Board of Directors: SEK 650 000 (previous year SEK 650 000) Other Directors: SEK 300 000 SEK per Director (previous year SEK 300 000) It is also proposed that the Chairman of the Audit Committee shall receive SEK 150 000 (previous year SEK 150 000) and the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee SEK 100 000 (previous year SEK 100 000). Audit fees are  as in previous years  to be paid in accordance to approved invoices. Item 14 Election of Board members and Chairman of the Board of Directors. Re-election of current Board members Göran Näsholm  Stefan Hedelius  Cecilia Marlow  Johan Sjö  Christina Åqvist and Pontus Boman. Re-election of Göran Näsholm as Chairman of the Board. A presentation of the individuals proposed for re-election as Board members is available at the Company's website. Item 15 Election of registered accounting firm. Re-election of the registered accounting firm KPMG AB as auditors until the end of the 2024 Annual General Meeting. KPMG AB has informed the Election Committee that Helena Arvidsson Älgne intends to continue as auditor in charge. The Election Committee's proposal follows the Audit Committee's recommendation. Item 16 Resolution regarding amendment of the Election Committee's instructions The Election Committee has decided to propose that the Annual General Meeting 2023 resolves to amend the instruction for the Election Committee adopted at the Annual General Meeting 2020 in accordance with the below. The proposed amendment means that the Election Committee shall comprise a minimum of three (3) and a maximum of four (4) members nominated by major shareholders in the Company. 1. Election Committee members The Company is to have an Election Committee. Election Committee members are to be nominated by the major shareholders in the Company  whereby the four largest shareholders in the Company  in terms of votes according to the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden on the final banking day in February  are entitled to nominate one member each. If fewer than three members are nominated in accordance with the above  other shareholders are to be offered  on the basis of voting rights  to nominate one member until a total of three members have been nominated. The shareholder controlling most votes in the Company is entitled to nominate the Chairman of the Election Committee. The Chairman of the Board is to be a co-opted member of the Election Committee (without voting rights) and coordinates the nomination procedure. The nominated members (including the Chairman of the Election Committee) are elected as members of the Election Committee by the Company's Annual General Meeting for the period up until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. The notice for the Annual General Meeting shall include the names of the nominated members. When members are nominated and elected by the above procedure  the rules and regulations set out in the Swedish Corporate Governance Code on the composition of Election Committees are to be followed. 2. Changes to the Election Committee Changes to the composition of the Election Committee may be made in the following cases. A member wishes to step down early or cannot fulfil their duties or if a shareholder wishes to replace their nominated member  whereby a request is submitted to the Chairman of the Election Committee (or should the request apply to the Chairman  to another member of the Election Committee) and receipt thereof shall imply that the request has been executed. A new shareholder replaces a shareholder who has nominated a member of the Election Committee  after which the new shareholder is entitled to replace the nominated member  or if other significant changes occur in ownership of the Company  whereby the Election Committee has the right to make an independent decision to dismiss and/or appoint additional members with the aim that the composition of the Election Committee shall reflect the ownership structure of the Company. The Election Committee can offer vacant seats on the Election Committee to shareholders or members nominated by shareholders with the aim that the composition of the Election Committee shall reflect the ownership structure of the Company. Any changes to the Election Committee are to be disclosed by the Company as soon as possible. 3. Duties of the Election Committee The Chairman of the Election Committee is to convene the Committee's first meeting. Well in advance of the publication of the notice for the Annual General Meeting by the Board of Directors  the Election Committee is to prepare and submit to the Chairman of the Board the Election Committee's proposals for: election of the Chairman of the Board of Directors and other Directors  resolution regarding Directors' fees  election of auditor resolution regarding auditor fees  election of the Chairman to preside over the Meeting  and resolution regarding amendments to these instructions (if the Election Committee considers it necessary). The Election Committee's proposals are to be presented in the notice for the Annual General Meeting. In conjunction to the publication of the notice for the Annual General Meeting by the Board of Directors  the Election Committee is to ensure that the Company publishes the Election Committee's proposals and reasoned statement on its website as well as information about how the Election Committee has performed its work. The Election Committee is also to fulfil any other duties incumbent upon an Election Committee in accordance with the Swedish Corporate Governance Code. 4. Fees Fees are not to be paid to members of the Election Committee. The Election Committee has the right to charge the Company for expenses for recruitment consultants or other expenses required by the Election Committee to perform its duties. 5. Amendments to these instructions These instructions for the Election Committee are to apply until such time as a General Meeting of Shareholders in the Company resolves to amend them. PROPOSAL BY MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS FOR RESOLUTION REGARDING ITEM 17 IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE ABOVE Item 17 Election of members and Chairman of the Election Committee. The Company's largest shareholders in terms of voting rights  as of the last banking day of February 2023  have informed the Election Committee of their intention to propose that the Annual General Meeting appoint Peter Hofvenstam (nominated by Nordstjernan)  Stefan Hedelius (nominated by Tom Hedelius) and Lilian Fossum Biner (nominated by Handelsbanken Funds) as members of the Election Committee  with Peter Hofvenstam as Chairman of the Election Committee. The Company's fourth largest shareholder as of the last banking day of February 2023 has chosen not to nominate a member to the Election Committee. In accordance with the Election Committee's instructions  the three subsequently largest shareholders in the Company in terms of voting rights have been contacted  of which Sandrew AB has chosen to nominate Björn Börjesson to the Election Committee. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Alligo AB published this content on 20 April 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 20 April 2023 00:03:05 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about ALLIGO AB (PUBL) 04/19 Alligo : Notice of AGM 2023 PU 04/19 Alligo : Item 18 BoD proposal regarding authorization for BoD to purchase and transfer own.. PU 04/19 Alligo : Item 19 BoD proposal regarding authorization for BoD to issue shares PU 04/19 Alligo : BoD remuneration report 2022 PU 04/19 Notice of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders in Alligo AB (publ) on 24 May 2023 AQ 04/19 Alligo AB Proposes Dividend for the Year 2022  Payable on 31 May 2023 CI 04/05 Alligo publishes Annual and Sustainability Report 2022 AQ 04/05 Fidelity Management & Research Company LLC acquired a 5.4% stake in Alligo AB. CI 04/04 Sweden's Alligo Buys Finnish Retailer Kitakone MT 04/04 Alligo acquires Kitakone Oy in Finland AQ",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.5,0.49,0.01,True,English,"['Alligo', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'other relevant authorisation documents', 'multiple email addresses', 'registered accounting firm', 'corresponding authorisation documents', 'consolidated financial statements', 'PROPOSED AGENDA Opening', 'Data Protection Regulation', 'consolidated income statement', 'Annual General Meeting', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Voting rights registration', 'personal identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate registration number', ""Directors' remuneration report"", 'annual accounts', 'Personal data', 'Council Regulation', 'consolidated auditor', 'head office', 'assisting counsel', 'electoral register', 'European Parliament', 'privacy policy', 'record date', 'legal entities', 'two persons', 'Alligo AB', ""shareholders' register"", 'telephone number', 'legal entity', 'First name', 'Election Committee', 'mail bolagsstamma', 'original copy', 'file notice', 'new shares', 'dated power', 'attorney form', ""shareholders' name"", 'Board members', 'AGM', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'RELEASE', 'April', '24 May', 'publ', 'Company', 'Wednesday', 'Kapitel', 'Klarabergsviadukten', 'Stockholm', 'NOTIFICATION', 'Monday', 'intention', 'Box', '26 Tyresö', 'Notices', 'information', 'names', 'participation', 'deputies', 'proxies', 'preparation', 'minutes', 'accordance', '25 May', 'processing', 'website', 'nominee', 'addition', 're-registration', 'procedures', 'time', 'case', 'proxy', 'Representatives', 'certificate', 'advance', 'Chairman', 'Compilation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'President', 'CEO', 'Presentation', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'earnings', 'liability', 'work', 'fees', 'auditors', 'amendment', 'instructions', 'acquisition', 'transfer', '09']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23346,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HARVIA-OYJ-42470799/news/Resolutions-of-Harvia-Plc-s-Annual-General-Meeting-on-20-April-2023-43549814/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Resolutions of Harvia Plc's Annual General Meeting on 20 April 2023,(marketscreener.com) STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 20 April 2023 at 12.30 p.m. EEST Harvia Plc’s Annual General Meeting  held today on 20 April 2023  approved the financial statements and discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the company’s CEO from li…,STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE20 April 2023 at 12.30 p.m. EESTHarvia Plc’s Annual General Meeting  held today on 20 April 2023  approved the financial statements and discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the company’s CEO from liability for the financial year 2022. The Annual General Meeting approved in an advisory decision the remuneration report for governing bodies.Use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Annual General Meeting approved the Board of Directors’ proposal that EUR 0.64 per share be paid as dividend and that the remainder of the distributable funds be transferred to shareholders’ equity.The dividend is paid in two instalments. The first instalment  EUR 0.32 per share  will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend of 24 April 2023. This instalment of the dividend will be paid on 2 May 2023.The second instalment  EUR 0.32 per share  will be paid in October 2023. The second instalment will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 19 October 2023. The record date of the dividend date would then be 23 October 2023 and the dividend payment date 30 October 2023.The Board of Directors and the AuditorThe Annual General Meeting resolved that the Board of Directors consists of six members. Olli Liitola  Anders Holmén  Hille Korhonen and Heiner Olbrich were re-elected to the Board of Directors and Markus Lengauer and Catharina Stackelberg-Hammarén were elected as new members of the Board of Directors.It was resolved that a monthly remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors is paid as follows: The Chair of the Board of Directors is paid EUR 4 500 and members of the Board of Directors are each paid EUR 2 500. Additionally  the Chair of the Audit Committee is paid EUR 1 300 a month and members of the Audit Committee are paid EUR 750 a month.Further  the monthly remuneration of the Board members will be paid in company shares and in cash in such a way that approximately 40 per cent of the total monthly remuneration will be paid in company shares purchased at a price determined in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and approximately 60 per cent will be paid in cash. The shares will be acquired within two weeks from the day following the publication of the company’s interim report for the period 1 January–31 March 2023. The company will pay any costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of company shares. In case the remuneration cannot be paid in company shares due to legal or other regulatory restrictions or due to other reasons related to the company or a member of the Board of Directors  the remuneration will be paid in cash.A member of the Board of Directors may not transfer the shares received as remuneration for Board membership in 2023 until two years has passed since the date of transfer of the shares.The remuneration for the members of the Audit Committee will be paid fully in cash.The members of Board of Directors who live outside Finland will be paid EUR 900 for each meeting if the member travels to Finland only for that meeting. The fee will be paid in cash. When the member of Board of Directors attends the meeting by telephone or other electronic means  no fee will be paid for that meeting. No fee is paid for decisions made without convening a meeting.The travel expenses of the members of the Board of Directors are compensated in accordance with the company’s travel rules.Authorised Public Accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy was elected as the Auditor of the company and Markku Katajisto  Authorised Public Accountant  will act as the Responsible Auditor. It was resolved that the remuneration for the Auditor is paid according to the Auditor’s reasonable invoice.Amending the Articles of AssociationThe Annual General Meeting rejected the proposal to amend Article 10 of the Articles of Association.According to the proposal  the Article 10 of the Articles of Association would have been amended to enable arrangement of a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors was authorised to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 934 711 shares in the company in one or several tranches. The maximum number of shares to be repurchased represents approximately 5% of all the shares in the company on the date of the Annual General Meeting. Only the unrestricted equity of the company can be used to repurchase own shares on the basis of the authorisation.The shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Oy for the market price formed at the moment of purchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The authorisation may be used e.g. for the purposes of the company’s share-based incentive systems and other matters decided by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all other matters related to the repurchasing of shares.The authorisation replaces the authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of own shares granted by the shareholders of the company on 7 April 2022. The authorisation is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  but no longer than until 30 June 2024.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issue of shares  options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act in one or several tranches  either against payment or without payment. The aggregate number of shares to be issued  including the shares to be received based on special rights  must not exceed 1 869 423 shares. The Board of the Directors may resolve to issue new shares or to transfer own shares possibly held by the company.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the pre-emptive right of shareholders to subscribe to shares to be issued. The authorisation may be used for the purposes of strengthening the balance sheet and financing position of the company or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.The authorisation is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  but no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation replaces and revokes all previous unused authorisations of the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares  share options and other special rights entitling to shares.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the company’s website www.harviagroup.com on 4 May 2023 at the latest.HARVIA PLCFor further informationCEO Tapio Pajuharju  tapio.pajuharju@harvia.com  tel. +358 50 577 4200CFO Ari Vesterinen  ari.vesterinen@harvia.com  tel +358 40 505 0440Distribution:Nasdaq Helsinki OyMain mediawww.harviagroup.comHarvia in shortHarvia is one of the leading companies operating in the sauna and spa market globally  as measured by revenue. Harvia’s brands and product portfolio are well known in the market  and the company’s comprehensive product portfolio strives to meet the needs of the international sauna and spa market of both private and professional customers.Harvia’s revenue totaled EUR 172.4 million in 2022. Harvia Group employs more than 600 professionals in Finland  China and Hong Kong  Romania  Austria  United States  Germany and Estonia. The company is headquartered in Muurame  Finland  adjacent to its largest sauna and sauna component manufacturing facility.Read more: https://harviagroup.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.34,0.43,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Harvia Plc', 'Resolutions', '20 April', 'Authorised Public Accounting firm', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Authorised Public Accountant', 'Anders Holmén', 'Catharina Stackelberg-Hammarén', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'other regulatory restrictions', 'other electronic means', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Oy', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'total monthly remuneration', 'public trading', 'other reasons', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'meeting venue', 'remote meeting', 'EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Harvia Plc', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'advisory decision', 'governing bodies', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'two instalments', 'Olli Liitola', 'Hille Korhonen', 'Heiner Olbrich', 'Markus Lengauer', 'Audit Committee', '40 per cent', '60 per cent', 'two weeks', 'interim report', 'two years', 'travel expenses', 'travel rules', 'Markku Katajisto', 'reasonable invoice', 'several tranches', 'unrestricted equity', 'first instalment', 'record date', 'second instalment', 'payment date', 'dividend date', 'remuneration report', 'shareholders’ equity', 'shareholders’ register', 'maximum number', 'market price', 'six members', 'new members', 'Responsible Auditor', 'Board membership', 'company shares', 'Directors’ proposal', '934,711 shares', '20 April', 'EEST', 'CEO', 'liability', 'profit', 'distribution', 'remainder', '24 April', '2 May', 'October', 'Chair', 'cash', 'way', 'day', 'publication', 'period', '1 January', '31 March', 'costs', 'transfer', 'tax', 'purchase', 'case', 'legal', 'fee', 'telephone', 'decisions', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'arrangement', 'basis', 'authorisation', 'proportion', 'shareholdings', 'moment', '12.30']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23347,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/20/2650751/0/en/Resolutions-of-Harvia-Plc-s-Annual-General-Meeting-on-20-April-2023.html,Resolutions of Harvia Plc's Annual General Meeting on 20 April 2023,STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE      20 April 2023 at 12.30 p.m. EEST          Harvia Plc’s Annual General Meeting  held today on 20 April 2023  approved the......,English FinnishSTOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE20 April 2023 at 12.30 p.m. EESTHarvia Plc’s Annual General Meeting  held today on 20 April 2023  approved the financial statements and discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the company’s CEO from liability for the financial year 2022. The Annual General Meeting approved in an advisory decision the remuneration report for governing bodies.Use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Annual General Meeting approved the Board of Directors’ proposal that EUR 0.64 per share be paid as dividend and that the remainder of the distributable funds be transferred to shareholders’ equity.The dividend is paid in two instalments. The first instalment  EUR 0.32 per share  will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend of 24 April 2023. This instalment of the dividend will be paid on 2 May 2023.The second instalment  EUR 0.32 per share  will be paid in October 2023. The second instalment will be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend  which  together with the dividend payment date  shall be decided by the Board of Directors in its meeting scheduled for 19 October 2023. The record date of the dividend date would then be 23 October 2023 and the dividend payment date 30 October 2023.The Board of Directors and the AuditorThe Annual General Meeting resolved that the Board of Directors consists of six members. Olli Liitola  Anders Holmén  Hille Korhonen and Heiner Olbrich were re-elected to the Board of Directors and Markus Lengauer and Catharina Stackelberg-Hammarén were elected as new members of the Board of Directors.It was resolved that a monthly remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors is paid as follows: The Chair of the Board of Directors is paid EUR 4 500 and members of the Board of Directors are each paid EUR 2 500. Additionally  the Chair of the Audit Committee is paid EUR 1 300 a month and members of the Audit Committee are paid EUR 750 a month.Further  the monthly remuneration of the Board members will be paid in company shares and in cash in such a way that approximately 40 per cent of the total monthly remuneration will be paid in company shares purchased at a price determined in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd and approximately 60 per cent will be paid in cash. The shares will be acquired within two weeks from the day following the publication of the company’s interim report for the period 1 January–31 March 2023. The company will pay any costs and transfer tax related to the purchase of company shares. In case the remuneration cannot be paid in company shares due to legal or other regulatory restrictions or due to other reasons related to the company or a member of the Board of Directors  the remuneration will be paid in cash.A member of the Board of Directors may not transfer the shares received as remuneration for Board membership in 2023 until two years has passed since the date of transfer of the shares.The remuneration for the members of the Audit Committee will be paid fully in cash.The members of Board of Directors who live outside Finland will be paid EUR 900 for each meeting if the member travels to Finland only for that meeting. The fee will be paid in cash. When the member of Board of Directors attends the meeting by telephone or other electronic means  no fee will be paid for that meeting. No fee is paid for decisions made without convening a meeting.The travel expenses of the members of the Board of Directors are compensated in accordance with the company’s travel rules.Authorised Public Accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy was elected as the Auditor of the company and Markku Katajisto  Authorised Public Accountant  will act as the Responsible Auditor. It was resolved that the remuneration for the Auditor is paid according to the Auditor’s reasonable invoice.Amending the Articles of AssociationThe Annual General Meeting rejected the proposal to amend Article 10 of the Articles of Association.According to the proposal  the Article 10 of the Articles of Association would have been amended to enable arrangement of a general meeting entirely without a meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors was authorised to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 934 711 shares in the company in one or several tranches. The maximum number of shares to be repurchased represents approximately 5% of all the shares in the company on the date of the Annual General Meeting. Only the unrestricted equity of the company can be used to repurchase own shares on the basis of the authorisation.The shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders in public trading arranged by Nasdaq Helsinki Oy for the market price formed at the moment of purchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The authorisation may be used e.g. for the purposes of the company’s share-based incentive systems and other matters decided by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all other matters related to the repurchasing of shares.The authorisation replaces the authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of own shares granted by the shareholders of the company on 7 April 2022. The authorisation is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  but no longer than until 30 June 2024.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issue of shares  options and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Annual General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act in one or several tranches  either against payment or without payment. The aggregate number of shares to be issued  including the shares to be received based on special rights  must not exceed 1 869 423 shares. The Board of the Directors may resolve to issue new shares or to transfer own shares possibly held by the company.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the pre-emptive right of shareholders to subscribe to shares to be issued. The authorisation may be used for the purposes of strengthening the balance sheet and financing position of the company or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.The authorisation is valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  but no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation replaces and revokes all previous unused authorisations of the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares  share options and other special rights entitling to shares.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the company’s website www.harviagroup.com on 4 May 2023 at the latest.HARVIA PLCFor further informationCEO Tapio Pajuharju  tapio.pajuharju@harvia.com  tel. +358 50 577 4200CFO Ari Vesterinen  ari.vesterinen@harvia.com  tel +358 40 505 0440Distribution:Nasdaq Helsinki OyMain mediawww.harviagroup.comHarvia in shortHarvia is one of the leading companies operating in the sauna and spa market globally  as measured by revenue. Harvia’s brands and product portfolio are well known in the market  and the company’s comprehensive product portfolio strives to meet the needs of the international sauna and spa market of both private and professional customers.Harvia’s revenue totaled EUR 172.4 million in 2022. Harvia Group employs more than 600 professionals in Finland  China and Hong Kong  Romania  Austria  United States  Germany and Estonia. The company is headquartered in Muurame  Finland  adjacent to its largest sauna and sauna component manufacturing facility.Read more: https://harviagroup.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.21,0.79,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Harvia Plc', 'Resolutions', '20 April', 'Authorised Public Accounting firm', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Authorised Public Accountant', 'Anders Holmén', 'Catharina Stackelberg-Hammarén', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd', 'other regulatory restrictions', 'other electronic means', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Oy', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'total monthly remuneration', 'The Board', 'public trading', 'other reasons', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'meeting venue', 'remote meeting', 'English Finnish', 'EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Harvia Plc', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'advisory decision', 'governing bodies', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'two instalments', 'Olli Liitola', 'Hille Korhonen', 'Heiner Olbrich', 'Markus Lengauer', 'Audit Committee', '40 per cent', '60 per cent', 'two weeks', 'interim report', 'two years', 'travel expenses', 'travel rules', 'Markku Katajisto', 'reasonable invoice', 'several tranches', 'unrestricted equity', 'first instalment', 'record date', 'second instalment', 'payment date', 'dividend date', 'remuneration report', 'shareholders’ equity', 'shareholders’ register', 'maximum number', 'market price', 'six members', 'new members', 'Responsible Auditor', 'Board membership', 'company shares', 'Directors’ proposal', '934,711 shares', '20 April', 'EEST', 'CEO', 'liability', 'profit', 'distribution', 'remainder', '24 April', '2 May', 'October', 'Chair', 'cash', 'way', 'day', 'publication', 'period', '1 January', '31 March', 'costs', 'transfer', 'tax', 'purchase', 'case', 'legal', 'fee', 'telephone', 'decisions', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Association', 'arrangement', 'basis', 'authorisation', 'proportion', 'shareholdings', '12.30']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,globenewswire.com
23348,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EMPRESARIA-GROUP-PLC-4004923/news/Empresaria-2023-Notice-of-AGM-43548571/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Empresaria : 2023 Notice of AGM,(marketscreener.com)   NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023   Empresaria Group plc      This notice of meeting is important and requires your immediate attention.   If you are in any doubt as to the contents of this document and/or the action y…,"Empresaria : 2023 Notice of AGM 04/20/2023 | 02:44am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023 Empresaria Group plc (Registered in England and Wales with company number 3743194) This notice of meeting is important and requires your immediate attention. If you are in any doubt as to the contents of this document and/or the action you should take  you are recommended to consult an independent adviser authorised under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. If you have sold or transferred all of your shares in Empresaria Group plc (""Company"")  please send this notice and all accompanying documents as soon as possible to the purchaser or transferee  or to the stockbroker  bank or other agent through or to whom the transfer was effected so that they can be passed on to the person who now holds the shares. Voting by proxy will be the only method available for voting at the Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") and so shareholders are encouraged to submit their votes  in respect of the business to be discussed  via proxy as early as possible. You will not receive a Form of Proxy for the AGM in the post. Instead  you can submit your proxy vote online at www.signalshares.com. To register  you will need your Investor Code  which can be found on your share certificate. Once logged on  click on the 'Vote Online Now' button to vote. Proxy votes should be submitted as early as possible and  in any event  to be received by no later than 1.00 p.m. on Friday 19 May 2023. Submission of a proxy appointment will not prevent you from attending and voting at the AGM in person should you wish to do so. In the event that you do require a hard copy proxy form  please contact our Registrars  Link Group  whose details can be found in the notes to this Notice. Should any shareholders wish to attend the AGM in person  they should contact companysec@empresaria.com. If you wish to follow the AGM online  you will need to register for the webinar on the Investor Meet Company platform at www.investormeetcompany.com/empresaria-group-plc/register-investor. 2 Empresaria Group plc Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 Notice of Annual General Meeting Notice is hereby given that the 2023 Annual General Meeting (""AGM"") of Empresaria Group plc (""Company"") will be held at Old Church House  Sandy Lane  Crawley Down  Crawley  West Sussex RH10 4HS on Tuesday 23 May 2023 at 1.00 p.m. Please refer to the first page of this notice for details on the arrangements for attending the AGM. You will be asked to consider and  if thought fit  pass the following resolutions (""Resolutions""). Resolutions 1 to 12 will be proposed as ordinary resolutions and Resolutions 13 and 14 will be proposed as special resolutions. Ordinary Business Resolution 1: Report and accounts That the audited financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2022  together with the directors' report and the auditor's report on those financial statements be received. Resolution 2: Directors' remuneration report That the directors' remuneration report for the year ended 31 December 2022 be approved. Resolution 3: Declaration of dividend That a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022 of 1.4p per ordinary share of 5p each in the capital of the Company (""Ordinary Share"") payable on 15 June 2023 to shareholders who are on the register of members of the Company on 26 May 2023 be declared. Resolution 4: Re-election of director That Penny Freer be re-elected as a director of the Company. Resolution 5: Re-election of director That Zach Miles be re-elected as a director of the Company. Resolution 6: Election of director That Steve Bellamy be elected as a director of the Company. Resolution 7: Election of director That Ranjit de Sousa be elected as a director of the Company. Resolution 8: Re-election of director That Rhona Driggs be re-elected as a director of the Company. Resolution 9: Re-election of director That Tim Anderson be re-elected as a director of the Company. Resolution 10: Re-appointment of auditor That CLA Evelyn Partners Limited be re-appointed as auditor of the Company to hold office from the conclusion of the AGM until the conclusion of the next general meeting of the Company at which accounts are laid before the Company. Resolution 11: Remuneration of auditor That the directors be authorised to determine the remuneration of the auditor. Special Business Resolution 12: Directors' authority to allot securities That  in substitution for any equivalent authorities and powers granted to the directors prior to the passing of this Resolution 12  the directors be and they are generally and unconditionally authorised pursuant to section 551 of the Companies Act 2006 (""Act""): to exercise all powers of the Company to allot shares in the Company  and grant rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares of the Company (such shares  and rights to subscribe for or to convert any security into shares of the Company being "" relevant securities "") up to an aggregate nominal amount of £1 144 420 such amount to be reduced by the nominal amount of any allotments or grants made under paragraph (b) of this Resolution 12 in excess of £1 144 420; and further to allot equity securities (as defined in section 560 of the Act) up to an aggregate nominal amount of £1 660 470 (such amount to be reduced by the nominal amount of any allotments or grants made under paragraph (a) of this Resolution 12) in connection with an offer by way of rights issue: in favour of holders of Ordinary Shares  where the equity securities respectively attributable to the interests of all such holders are proportionate (as nearly as practicable) to the respective number of Ordinary Shares held by them; and to holders of any other equity securities as required by the rights of those securities or as the directors otherwise consider necessary  Empresaria Group plc 3 Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 but subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the directors may deem necessary or expedient to deal with treasury shares  fractional entitlements or legal  regulatory or practical problems arising under the laws or requirements of any overseas territory or by virtue of shares being represented by depository receipts or the requirements of any regulatory body or stock exchange or any other matter whatsoever  provided that  unless previously revoked  varied or extended  this authority shall expire on the earlier of the close of business on 31 July 2024 and the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company  except that the Company may at any time before such expiry make an offer or agreement which would or might require relevant securities to be allotted after such expiry and the directors may allot relevant securities in pursuance of such an offer or agreement as if this authority had not expired. Resolution 13: Disapplication of pre-emption rights That  if Resolution 12 is passed  the directors be and they are empowered pursuant to section 570(1) of the Act to allot equity securities (as defined in section 560(1) of the Act) of the Company wholly for cash pursuant to the authority of the directors under section 551 of the Act conferred by Resolution 12  and/or by way of a sale of treasury shares for cash (by virtue of section 573 of the Act)  in each case as if section 561(1) of the Act did not apply to such allotment provided that: the power conferred by this Resolution 13 shall be limited to: the allotment of equity securities and sale of treasury shares for cash in connection with an offer of  or invitation to apply for  equity securities (but in the case of the authority granted under paragraph (b) of Resolution 12  by way of a rights issue only): in favour of holders of Ordinary Shares  where the equity securities respectively attributable to the interests of all such holders are proportionate (as nearly as practicable) to the respective number of Ordinary Shares held by them; and to holders of any other equity securities as required by the rights of those securities or as the directors otherwise consider necessary  but subject to such exclusions or other arrangements as the directors may deem necessary or expedient to deal with treasury shares  fractional entitlements or legal  regulatory or practical problems arising under the laws or requirements of any overseas territory or by virtue of shares being represented by depository receipts or the requirements of any regulatory body or stock exchange or any other matter whatsoever; and in the case of the authority granted under paragraph (a) of Resolution 12 and/or in the case of any sale of treasury shares for cash  the allotment  otherwise than pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) of this Resolution 13  of equity securities or sale of treasury shares up to an aggregate nominal value equal to £249 265 and unless previously revoked  varied or extended  this power shall expire on the earlier of the close of business on 31 July 2024 and the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company except that the Company may before the expiry of this power make an offer or agreement which would or might require equity securities to be allotted (and treasury shares to be sold) after such expiry and the directors may allot equity securities (and sell treasury shares) in pursuance of such an offer or agreement as if this power had not expired. Resolution 14: Authority to purchase shares (market purchases) That in accordance with the Act the Company be and is generally and unconditionally authorised for the purposes of section 701 of the Act to make market purchases (within the meaning of section 693(4) of the Act) of Ordinary Shares on such terms and in such manner as the directors may from time to time determine  provided that: the maximum number of Ordinary Shares authorised to be acquired is 2 492 600; the minimum price which may be paid for each Ordinary Share is 5 pence (exclusive of all expenses); the maximum price which may be paid for each Ordinary Share is the higher of the amount equal to 105 per cent of the average of the middle market quotations  or the market values  for an Ordinary Share as derived from the London Stock Exchange Daily Official List for the five business days immediately preceding the day on which the Ordinary Share is purchased and the amount stipulated by article 5(1) of the Buy-back and Stabilisation Regulation 2003 (in each case exclusive of expenses); and the authority hereby conferred shall  unless previously revoked or varied  expire on the earlier of the close of business on 31 July 2024 and the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company save in relation to purchases of Ordinary Shares the contract for which was concluded before the expiry of this authority and which will or may be executed wholly or partly after such expiry  where the Company may make a purchase of Ordinary Shares in pursuance of any such contract. All previous unutilised authorities for the Company to make market purchases of Ordinary Shares are revoked  except in relation to the purchase of Ordinary Shares under a contract or contracts concluded before the date of this Resolution 14 and where such purchase has not yet been executed. Registered Office: By order of the Board Old Church House Sandy Lane James Chapman Crawley Down Company Secretary Crawley West Sussex RH10 4HS 20 April 2023 Registered in England and Wales No: 3743194 4 Empresaria Group plc Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 Notes 1. Attendance and voting Please read the AGM arrangements set out on the cover page of this Notice of AGM. Members are encouraged to submit their proxy vote electronically at www.signalshares.com . On the home page  search ""Empresaria Group plc"" and then register or log in  using your Investor Code. To submit your proxy vote at the AGM  click on the ""Vote Online Now"" button by not later than 1.00 p.m. on Friday 19 May 2023 (or 48 hours (excluding weekends and public holidays) before the time appointed for any adjournment of it). Proxy votes should be submitted as early as possible and in any event to be received by not later than 1.00 p.m. on Friday 19 May 2023 (or 48 hours (excluding weekends and public holidays) before the time appointed for any adjournment of it). Please note there will be no voting via electronic facilities on the day and voting via proxy is the only method available for voting at this year's AGM. 2. Proxy appointments All shareholders are encouraged to appoint the Chair of the meeting as their proxy. To be effective  the proxy vote must be submitted at www.signalshares.com so as to have been received by the Company's Registrars by not later than 1.00 p.m. on Friday 19 May 2023 (or 48 hours (excluding weekends and public holidays) before the time appointed for any adjournment of it). Any power of attorney or other authority under which the proxy is submitted must be sent to the Company's Registrars (Link Group  PXS1  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds  LS1 4DL) so as to have been received by the Company's Registrars by not later than 1.00 p.m. on Friday 19 May 2023 (or 48 hours (excluding weekends and public holidays) before the time appointed for any adjournment of the AGM). If a paper form of proxy is requested from the Company's Registrars  it must be completed and sent to the Company's Registrars (Link Group  PXS1  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds  LS1 4DL) so as to have been received by the Company's Registrars by not later than 1.00 p.m. on Friday 19 May 2023 (or 48 hours (excluding weekends and public holidays) before the time appointed for any adjournment of the AGM). If a member appoints more than one proxy to attend the meeting  each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by the member. If a member wishes to appoint more than one proxy they may do so at www.signalshares.com and if paper proxy forms are required  the member should contact the registrars' helpline between 9.00 a.m. - 5.30 p.m.  Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales on 0371 664 0300. Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. You may request a paper proxy by email at shareholderenquiries@linkgroup.co.uk. 2.6 Submission of a proxy vote shall not preclude a member from attending at the meeting in respect of which the proxy is appointed or at any adjournment thereof. However  as voting via proxy is the only method available for voting at this year's AGM  there will not be the ability to terminate your proxy appointment(s) by voting in person at the AGM. 3. Regulation 41 of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001 The Company  pursuant to Regulation 41 of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001  specifies that only those members registered in the register of members of the Company as at close of business on Friday 19 May 2023 (or  if the AGM is adjourned  two working days before the time fixed for the adjourned AGM) shall be entitled to attend or vote at the AGM in respect of the number of shares registered in their name at that time. Any changes to the register of members after such time shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend or vote at the AGM. Empresaria Group plc 5 Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 4. Electronic proxy appointment through CREST CREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies through the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the AGM and any adjournment(s) thereof by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual. CREST personal members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. In order for a proxy appointment or instruction made using the CREST service to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a "" CREST Proxy Instruction "") must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & International Limited's("" Euroclear "") specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message  regardless of whether it constitutes the appointment of a proxy or relates to an amendment to the instruction given to a previously appointed proxy must  in order to be valid  be transmitted so as to be received by the issuer's agent (ID RA10) by the latest time(s) for receipt of proxy appointments specified in this Notice of AGM. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the time stamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the issuer's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST. After this time any change of instructions to proxies appointed through CREST should be communicated to the appointee through other means. CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers should note that Euroclear does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time. In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers are referred in particular to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. The CREST Manual can be reviewed at www.euroclear.com . The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in regulation 35(5)(a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001. 5. Corporate Representatives A member which is a corporation or other organisation not having physical presence cannot attend in person but can appoint someone to represent it. This may be done in one of two ways: either by the appointment of a proxy (described in the notes above) or of a corporate representative. Members considering the appointment of a corporate representative should check their own legal position  the Company's articles of association and the relevant provisions of the Act. 6. Joint Holders In the case of joint holders of shares  the vote of the first named in the register of members who tenders a vote  whether in person or by proxy  shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of other joint holders. 7. Total voting rights As at 17 April 2023 (being the latest practicable date prior to publication of this Notice of AGM) the Company's issued share capital consists of 49 853 001 Ordinary Shares  carrying one vote each. 38 800 Ordinary Shares are held by the Company in treasury. Therefore  the total voting rights in the Company as at 17 April 2023 is 49 814 201. 8. Documents on display Copies of the following documents are available on request: the service contracts of the executive directors under which they are employed by the Company; letters of appointment (and other related documents) of the non-executive directors; and a copy of the Company's articles of association. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Empresaria Group plc published this content on 20 April 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 20 April 2023 06:43:02 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about EMPRESARIA GROUP PLC 04/20 Empresaria : 2023 Notice of AGM PU 03/30 Empresaria : Investor Presentation - Results 2022 PU 03/28 FTSE 100 Closes Tuesday Slightly Up as Share Rally Runs Out of Steam DJ 03/28 Carnival's Soft FY23 Guidance Could be Conservative DJ 03/28 Empresaria profit up; Animalcare's Covid boost ebbs AN 03/28 BOE's Inflation Outlook Seen Posing Risk to Pound DJ 03/28 Empresaria : Results for the year ended 31 December 2022 PU 03/28 Empresaria Group plc Proposes Dividend for the Year Ended 31 December 2022  Payable on .. CI 02/20 Empresaria Appoints Ranjit De Sousa to the Board as Independent Non-Executive Director CI 01/26 FTSE 100 Closes Up 0.2% Lifted by 3i Group -2- DJ",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Empresaria', '2023 Notice', 'AGM', 'West Sussex RH10 4HS', 'CLA Evelyn Partners Limited', 'hard copy proxy form', 'Investor Meet Company platform', 'Annual General Meeting Notice', '2023 Annual General Meeting', 'next general meeting', 'multiple email addresses', 'Old Church House', 'Ranjit de Sousa', 'Empresaria Group plc', 'Special Business Resolution', 'Ordinary Business Resolution', ""Directors' remuneration report"", 'Link Group', 'Investor Code', 'ordinary share', 'immediate attention', 'independent adviser', 'Financial Services', 'accompanying documents', 'other agent', 'share certificate', 'Sandy Lane', 'first page', 'special resolutions', 'financial statements', 'final dividend', 'Penny Freer', 'Zach Miles', 'Steve Bellamy', 'Rhona Driggs', 'Tim Anderson', 'equivalent authorities', 'relevant secu', 'proxy vote', ""directors' report"", ""Directors' authority"", 'ordinary resolutions', 'Markets Act', 'Friday 19 May', 'Tuesday 23 May', 'Companies Act', 'First name', 'Crawley Down', 'following resolutions', 'proxy appointment', 'company number', '26 May', 'votes', '2023 Notice', 'AGM', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'England', 'Wales', 'doubt', 'contents', 'action', 'shares', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'stockbroker', 'bank', 'person', 'Voting', 'method', 'shareholders', 'respect', 'post', 'button', 'event', 'Submission', 'Registrars', 'details', 'notes', 'companysec', 'webinar', 'investormeetcompany', 'arrangements', 'accounts', 'year', 'auditor', 'Declaration', '1.4p', '5p', 'capital', '15 June', 'register', 'members', 'election', 'office', 'conclusion', 'securities', 'substitution', 'powers', 'passing', 'section', 'rights', 'security', '1.00']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23349,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/20/2650741/0/en/Decisions-of-Aspocomp-Group-Plc-s-Annual-General-Meeting-2023-and-Board-of-Directors-organization-meeting.html,Decisions of Aspocomp Group Plc's Annual General Meeting 2023 and Board of Directors' organization meeting,Aspocomp Group Plc  Stock exchange release  April 20  2023  at 12:10 p.m. (EEST)   DECISIONS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023  The Annual General...,English FinnishAspocomp Group Plc  Stock exchange release  April 20  2023  at 12:10 p.m. (EEST)DECISIONS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023The Annual General Meeting of Aspocomp Group Plc held on April 20  2023  adopted the annual accounts and the consolidated annual accounts as well as granted the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO discharge from liability regarding the financial period 2022. The Annual General Meeting approved the Remuneration Report for the governing bodies 2022.The Annual General Meeting decided to pay a dividend of EUR 0.21 per share  as proposed by the Board of Directors. The dividend will be paid to shareholders registered in the company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend distribution  April 24  2023. The dividend will be paid on May 2  2023.The Annual General Meeting decided to set the number of Board members at four (4) and re-elected the current members of the Board Ms. Päivi Marttila  Ms. Kaarina Muurinen  Mr. Jukka Huuskonen and Mr. Anssi Korhonen for a term of office ending at the closing of the following Annual General Meeting. The Annual General Meeting re-elected PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorized Public Accountants  as the company's auditor for a term of office ending at the closing of the following Annual General Meeting. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified that Mr. Tuukka Kiuru  Authorized Public Accountant  will act as the principal auditor.The Annual General Meeting decided that the amount of remuneration payable to the Board of Directors remain the same as in the ending term and thus the chairman of the Board of Directors will be paid EUR 30 000  the vice chairman of the Board of Directors be paid EUR 20 000 and the other members will be paid EUR 15 000 each in remuneration for their term of office. The Annual General Meeting further decided that EUR 1 000 will be paid as remuneration per meeting to the chairman and that the other members be paid EUR 500 per meeting of the Board of Directors and its committees. The members of the Board of Directors will further be reimbursed for reasonable travel costs. It was decided that the auditor’s fees will be paid in accordance with the auditor’s invoice.The Annual General Meeting decided to authorize the Board of Directors  in one or more installments  to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act as follows:The number of shares to be issued based on the authorization may in total amount to a maximum of 684 144 shares.The Board of Directors decides on all the terms and conditions of the issuances of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorization concerns both the issuance of new shares as well as own shares possibly held by the company. The issuance of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights (directed issue).The authorization cancels the authorization given by the Annual General Meeting on April 26  2022  to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares. The authorization is valid until June 30  2024.The Annual General Meeting decided to amend the company’s Articles of Association to enable convening a General Meeting as a virtual meeting without a meeting venue as an alternative to a customary general meeting or a hybrid meeting. The Finnish Companies Act requires that shareholders can exercise their full rights in virtual meetings  with equal rights to those in customary in-person General Meetings. The 9 § of the company’s Articles of Association reads as follows:“9 § The General Meeting shall be held in Helsinki or Espoo. The Board may decide that the General Meeting is arranged without a meeting venue in a manner where shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the General Meeting using telecommunications and technical means (virtual meeting).In order to exercise his right to speak and vote at the General Meeting  a shareholder must register in the manner specified in the invitation to the meeting. The closing date for registration shall be no sooner than ten days before the meeting.”The minutes of the Annual General Meeting are available on the company’s website at www.aspocomp.com/agm starting from May 4  2023 at the latest.THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS' ORGANIZATION MEETINGIn its organization meeting held after the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors of Aspocomp Group Plc re-elected Ms. Päivi Marttila as the Chairman of the Board. Ms. Kaarina Muurinen was re-elected as the Vice Chairman.The Board of Directors did not establish an Audit Committee  the Board itself performs the duties of the Audit Committee.The Board of Directors has at its meeting evaluated the independence of the Board members in compliance with the recommendations of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code. It is the view of the Board of Directors that all Board members are independent of the company's major shareholders. The Board of Directors has also assessed that all the Board members are independent of the company.For further information  please contact Mikko Montonen  President and CEO tel. +358 40 5011 262  mikko.montonen(at)aspocomp.com.ASPOCOMP GROUP PLCMikko MontonenPresident and CEOAspocomp – heart of your technologyA printed circuit board (PCB) is used for electrical interconnection and as a component assembly platform in electronic devices. Aspocomp provides PCB technology design  testing and logistics services over the entire lifecycle of a product. The company’s own production and extensive international partner network guarantee cost-effectiveness and reliable deliveries.Aspocomp’s customers are companies that design and manufacture telecommunication systems and equipment  automotive and industrial electronics  and systems for testing semiconductor components for security technology. The company has customers around the world and most of its net sales are generated by exports.Aspocomp is headquartered in Espoo and its plant is in Oulu  one of Finland’s major technology hubs.www.aspocomp.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Aspocomp Group Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', ""Directors' organization meeting"", 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Ms. Päivi Marttila', 'following Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'The Finnish Companies Act', 'Ms. Kaarina Muurinen', 'Aspocomp Group Plc', 'Stock exchange release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Mr. Jukka Huuskonen', 'Mr. Anssi Korhonen', 'Authorized Public Accountants', 'Mr. Tuukka Kiuru', 'reasonable travel costs', 'customary general meeting', 'person General Meetings', 'full decision-making powers', 'other special rights', 'shareholders’ pre-emptive rights', ""DIRECTORS' ORGANIZATION MEETING"", 'annual accounts', 'full rights', 'English Finnish', 'virtual meeting', 'meeting venue', 'hybrid meeting', 'equal rights', 'The Board', 'other members', 'CEO discharge', 'financial period', 'governing bodies', 'record date', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'real time', 'technical means', 'Audit Committee', 'current members', 'total amount', 'vice chairman', 'closing date', 'Remuneration Report', 'principal auditor', 'ending term', 'Board member', 'new shares', 'Chapter 10 Section', '684,144 shares', 'April', 'EEST', 'DECISIONS', 'liability', 'company', 'register', 'distribution', 'May', 'number', 'office', 'committees', 'fees', 'accordance', 'invoice', 'installments', 'issuance', 'options', 'authorization', 'maximum', 'terms', 'conditions', 'deviation', 'issue', 'June', 'Articles', 'Association', 'alternative', 'Helsinki', 'Espoo', 'manner', 'telecommunications', 'order', 'invitation', 'registration', 'minutes', 'website', 'agm', 'duties', 'independence', '12:10']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,globenewswire.com
23350,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASPOCOMP-GROUP-OYJ-1412421/news/Decisions-of-Aspocomp-Group-Plc-s-Annual-General-Meeting-2023-and-Board-of-Directors-organization-m-43549684/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Decisions of Aspocomp Group Plc's Annual General Meeting 2023 and Board of Directors' organization meeting,(marketscreener.com) Aspocomp Group Plc  Stock exchange release  April 20  2023  at 12:10 p.m. DECISIONS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023 The Annual General Meeting of Aspocomp Group Plc held on April 20  2023  adopted the annual accounts and the consolidat…,Aspocomp Group Plc  Stock exchange release  April 20  2023  at 12:10 p.m. (EEST)DECISIONS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 2023The Annual General Meeting of Aspocomp Group Plc held on April 20  2023  adopted the annual accounts and the consolidated annual accounts as well as granted the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO discharge from liability regarding the financial period 2022. The Annual General Meeting approved the Remuneration Report for the governing bodies 2022.The Annual General Meeting decided to pay a dividend of EUR 0.21 per share  as proposed by the Board of Directors. The dividend will be paid to shareholders registered in the company's register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the dividend distribution  April 24  2023. The dividend will be paid on May 2  2023.The Annual General Meeting decided to set the number of Board members at four (4) and re-elected the current members of the Board Ms. Päivi Marttila  Ms. Kaarina Muurinen  Mr. Jukka Huuskonen and Mr. Anssi Korhonen for a term of office ending at the closing of the following Annual General Meeting. The Annual General Meeting re-elected PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorized Public Accountants  as the company's auditor for a term of office ending at the closing of the following Annual General Meeting. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified that Mr. Tuukka Kiuru  Authorized Public Accountant  will act as the principal auditor.The Annual General Meeting decided that the amount of remuneration payable to the Board of Directors remain the same as in the ending term and thus the chairman of the Board of Directors will be paid EUR 30 000  the vice chairman of the Board of Directors be paid EUR 20 000 and the other members will be paid EUR 15 000 each in remuneration for their term of office. The Annual General Meeting further decided that EUR 1 000 will be paid as remuneration per meeting to the chairman and that the other members be paid EUR 500 per meeting of the Board of Directors and its committees. The members of the Board of Directors will further be reimbursed for reasonable travel costs. It was decided that the auditor’s fees will be paid in accordance with the auditor’s invoice.The Annual General Meeting decided to authorize the Board of Directors  in one or more installments  to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act as follows:The number of shares to be issued based on the authorization may in total amount to a maximum of 684 144 shares.The Board of Directors decides on all the terms and conditions of the issuances of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorization concerns both the issuance of new shares as well as own shares possibly held by the company. The issuance of shares and of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights (directed issue).The authorization cancels the authorization given by the Annual General Meeting on April 26  2022  to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares. The authorization is valid until June 30  2024.The Annual General Meeting decided to amend the company’s Articles of Association to enable convening a General Meeting as a virtual meeting without a meeting venue as an alternative to a customary general meeting or a hybrid meeting. The Finnish Companies Act requires that shareholders can exercise their full rights in virtual meetings  with equal rights to those in customary in-person General Meetings. The 9 § of the company’s Articles of Association reads as follows:“9 § The General Meeting shall be held in Helsinki or Espoo. The Board may decide that the General Meeting is arranged without a meeting venue in a manner where shareholders exercise their full decision-making powers in real time during the General Meeting using telecommunications and technical means (virtual meeting).In order to exercise his right to speak and vote at the General Meeting  a shareholder must register in the manner specified in the invitation to the meeting. The closing date for registration shall be no sooner than ten days before the meeting.”The minutes of the Annual General Meeting are available on the company’s website at www.aspocomp.com/agm starting from May 4  2023 at the latest.THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS' ORGANIZATION MEETINGIn its organization meeting held after the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors of Aspocomp Group Plc re-elected Ms. Päivi Marttila as the Chairman of the Board. Ms. Kaarina Muurinen was re-elected as the Vice Chairman.The Board of Directors did not establish an Audit Committee  the Board itself performs the duties of the Audit Committee.The Board of Directors has at its meeting evaluated the independence of the Board members in compliance with the recommendations of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code. It is the view of the Board of Directors that all Board members are independent of the company's major shareholders. The Board of Directors has also assessed that all the Board members are independent of the company.For further information  please contact Mikko Montonen  President and CEO tel. +358 40 5011 262  mikko.montonen(at)aspocomp.com.ASPOCOMP GROUP PLCMikko MontonenPresident and CEOAspocomp – heart of your technologyA printed circuit board (PCB) is used for electrical interconnection and as a component assembly platform in electronic devices. Aspocomp provides PCB technology design  testing and logistics services over the entire lifecycle of a product. The company’s own production and extensive international partner network guarantee cost-effectiveness and reliable deliveries.Aspocomp’s customers are companies that design and manufacture telecommunication systems and equipment  automotive and industrial electronics  and systems for testing semiconductor components for security technology. The company has customers around the world and most of its net sales are generated by exports.Aspocomp is headquartered in Espoo and its plant is in Oulu  one of Finland’s major technology hubs.www.aspocomp.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Aspocomp Group Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', ""Directors' organization meeting"", 'Decisions', 'Board', 'Ms. Päivi Marttila', 'following Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'The Finnish Companies Act', 'Ms. Kaarina Muurinen', 'Aspocomp Group Plc', 'Stock exchange release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Mr. Jukka Huuskonen', 'Mr. Anssi Korhonen', 'Authorized Public Accountants', 'Mr. Tuukka Kiuru', 'reasonable travel costs', 'customary general meeting', 'person General Meetings', 'full decision-making powers', 'other special rights', 'shareholders’ pre-emptive rights', ""DIRECTORS' ORGANIZATION MEETING"", 'annual accounts', 'full rights', 'virtual meeting', 'meeting venue', 'hybrid meeting', 'equal rights', 'The Board', 'other members', 'CEO discharge', 'financial period', 'governing bodies', 'record date', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy', 'real time', 'technical means', 'Audit Committee', 'current members', 'total amount', 'vice chairman', 'closing date', 'Remuneration Report', 'principal auditor', 'ending term', 'new shares', 'Chapter 10 Section', 'Board members', '684,144 shares', 'April', 'EEST', 'DECISIONS', 'liability', 'company', 'register', 'distribution', 'May', 'number', 'office', 'committees', 'fees', 'accordance', 'invoice', 'installments', 'issuance', 'options', 'authorization', 'maximum', 'terms', 'conditions', 'deviation', 'issue', 'June', 'Articles', 'Association', 'alternative', 'Helsinki', 'Espoo', 'manner', 'telecommunications', 'order', 'invitation', 'registration', 'minutes', 'website', 'agm', 'duties', 'independence', 'compliance', '12:10']",2023-04-21,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23351,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bulletin-from-kindred-group-plcs-annual-general-meeting-301803140.html,Bulletin from Kindred Group plc's Annual General Meeting,SLIEMA  Malta  April 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Today  at Kindred Group plc's (Kindred) Annual General Meeting (AGM)  shareholders approved the proposed cash dividend of GBP 0.345 (approximately equivalent to SEK 4.35 on 28 February 2023 exchange rates of 12.63…,SLIEMA  Malta  April 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Today  at Kindred Group plc's (Kindred) Annual General Meeting (AGM)  shareholders approved the proposed cash dividend of GBP 0.345 (approximately equivalent to SEK 4.35 on 28 February 2023 exchange rates of 12.63 GBP/SEK) and payable in SEK. In order to facilitate a more efficient cash management  the dividend will be paid in two equal instalments. The record date for the first instalment will be 24 April 2023 and distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on 27 April 2023 with an ex-dividend date of 21 April 2023  and for the second instalment the record date will be 24 October 2023 and distributed by Euroclear Sweden AB on 27 October 2023 with an ex-dividend date of 23 October 2023. For accounting purposes  the rates of exchange to be used shall be the SEK-GBP rate prevalent on 21 April 2023 and 23 October 2023 respectively.Evert Carlsson  Heidi Skogster and James H. Gemmel were re-elected as Directors of the Company.Cédric Boireau  Jonas Jansson  Andy McCue  Martin Randel and Kenneth Shea were elected as Directors of the Company.Peter Boggs  Gunnel Duveblad  Erik Forsberg  Carl-Magnus Månsson and Fredrik Peyron did not stand for re-election.In addition  at the AGM  the resolution to pay a total fee of GBP 861 500 to Directors elected at the AGM  who are not employed by the Company  was approved.The AGM also resolved that  until the general meeting of the shareholders decides otherwise  the Nomination Committee shall consist of not less than four and not more than five members.Regarding the Board's proposal for share repurchase  share cancellation and emission of shares respectively in accordance with the Notice:At the AGM  31.35 per cent in nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue were represented at the meeting and 99.92 per cent of the represented shares/SDRs (31.32 per cent of the total Share/SDRs in issue) voted in favour of granting the authorisation for share repurchase  99.988 per cent of the represented shares/SDRs (31.34 per cent of the total Share/SDRs in issue) voted in favour of granting the authorisation for share cancellation and 99.988 per cent of the represented shares/SDRs (31.34 per cent of the total Share/SDRs in issue) voted in favour of granting the authorisation for emission of shares.In accordance with article 135 of the Companies Act (Cap.386 of the laws of Malta) the adoption of the resolution also requires that at least 51 per cent of the nominal value of the total shares/SDRs in issue be represented at the meeting. As this requirement was not met  the Board will convene an Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) to take a fresh vote on these proposals in accordance with the rules set out in article 135(1)(b) of the Companies Act (Cap.386 of the Laws of Malta).At this EGM there is no longer this requirement  but the resolution can be adopted if 75 per cent or more of the nominal value of the total issued shares/SDRs participating and entitled to vote at the meeting vote in favour.Should more than 50 per cent of the nominal value of the total issued shares/SDRs be represented at the EGM  a simple majority of those who participate and have the right to vote will suffice for the adoption of the resolution.Board of DirectorsKindred Group plcCONTACT:For more information:Johan Wilsby  Chief Financial Officer[email protected]The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/824/3755050/1998787.pdf Press release: Bulletin from Kindred Group plc's Annual General MeetingSOURCE Kindred Group,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['Kindred Group plc', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Bulletin', 'Kindred) Annual General Meeting', 'Kindred Group plc', 'SOURCE Kindred Group', 'two equal instalments', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'James H. Gemmel', 'Cédric Boireau', 'Carl-Magnus Månsson', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'efficient cash management', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'cash dividend', 'record date', 'first instalment', 'ex-dividend date', 'second instalment', 'accounting purposes', 'SEK-GBP rate', 'Evert Carlsson', 'Heidi Skogster', 'Jonas Jansson', 'Andy McCue', 'Martin Randel', 'Kenneth Shea', 'Peter Boggs', 'Gunnel Duveblad', 'Erik Forsberg', 'Fredrik Peyron', 'Nomination Committee', 'five members', 'share repurchase', 'share cancellation', '31.35 per cent', 'nominal value', '99.92 per cent', '31.32 per cent', '99.988 per cent', '31.34 per cent', 'Companies Act', '51 per cent', '75 per cent', '50 per cent', 'simple majority', 'Johan Wilsby', 'following files', 'Press release', 'total fee', 'total Share/SDRs', 'fresh vote', 'total shares/SDRs', 'exchange rates', 'SLIEMA', 'Malta', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'AGM', 'shareholders', '28 February', 'order', '24 October', '27 October', '23 October', 'Directors', 'Company', 'election', 'addition', 'resolution', 'less', 'four', 'Board', 'proposal', 'emission', 'accordance', 'Notice', 'issue', 'favour', 'authorisation', 'article', 'Cap.', 'laws', 'adoption', 'requirement', 'EGM', 'rules', 'right', 'CONTACT', 'information', 'download', 'cision', 'Bulletin', '12.']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,prnewswire.com
23352,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://consent.google.com/ml?continue=https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMicmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LnJldXRlcnMuY29tL3dvcmxkL2V1cm9wZS9mcmVuY2gtcHJvdGVzdGVycy1pbnZhZGUtZXVyb25leHQtYnVpbGRpbmctYW5nZXItb3Zlci1wZW5zaW9uLWxhdy0yMDIzLTA0LTIwL9IBAA?oc%3D5&gl=FR&hl=en-US&cm=2&pc=n&src=1,French protesters invade Euronext building in anger over pension law - Reuters,French protesters invade Euronext building in anger over pension law  Reuters,"PARIS  April 20 (Reuters) - A group of protesters briefly invaded offices of stockmarket operator Euronext in Paris' La Defense business district on Thursday  saying big companies must pay up to finance pensions  as part of wider protests against a rise in the retirement age.""We are told that there is no money to finance pensions "" said Sud-Rail unionist Fabien Villedieu. But there is ""no need to get the money from the pockets of workers  there is some in the pockets of billionaires.""Waving union flags  the group of a few hundred protesters occupied Euronext's lobby  engulfed in red smoke from flares  and chanted words popular with pension protesters: ""We are here  we are here  even if Macron does not want it we are here.""They also shouted: ""Macron resign!""Earlier this month  similar scenes occurred at Blackrock's Paris offices.At the weekend  Macron signed into law the rise in the retirement age which means citizens must work two years longer  to 64  before receiving their state pension.[1/7] French SNCF railway workers on strike  wearing vests of French CGT and Sud Rail labour unions  enter the headquarters of stock market operator Euronext at La Defense business and financial district as part of a ""day of expression of railway anger"" following months of strikes and a failed attempt to halt pension reforms  in Courbevoie near Paris  France  April 20  2023. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier 1 2 3 4 5That was after three months of protests that brought huge crowds onto the streets and at times turned violent. Opinion polls show a vast majority of voters oppose the pension reform.Macron and his government say they want to move on and work on other measures to do with working conditions  law and order  education and health issues.But the protesters in La Defense on Thursday  as well as those who heckled Macron during a visit to France's eastern Alsace region on Wednesday  made clear many were not ready to move on.""We'll continue until the (pension law's) withdrawal "" protesters shouted in La Defense's central square  standing by a banner that read: ""No to the pension reform"".Macron himself faced protests on Thursday during his second public outing since signing the bill into law.While he was visiting a school in the southern French town of Ganges  smiling and taking selfies with pupils  protesters held a few hundred meters away by police also chanted against the pension reform.""There is a bit of everything "" Macron said in the schoolyard  shrugging off the protests. ""There are people who are happy  and people who are not happy.""Reporting by Noemie Olive  writing by Tassilo Hummel  editing by Ingrid MelanderOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,mixed,0.05,0.13,0.82,True,English,"['French protesters', 'Euronext building', 'pension law', 'anger', 'Reuters', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'Sud Rail labour unions', ""Paris' La Defense business district"", 'French SNCF railway workers', 'eastern Alsace region', 'second public outing', 'southern French town', 'stock market operator', 'financial district', 'French CGT', 'railway anger', 'stockmarket operator', 'big companies', 'retirement age', 'Sud-Rail unionist', 'Fabien Villedieu', 'union flags', 'red smoke', 'similar scenes', 'state pension', 'pension reforms', 'Benoit Tessier', 'huge crowds', 'Opinion polls', 'vast majority', 'other measures', 'working conditions', 'health issues', 'central square', 'Noemie Olive', 'Tassilo Hummel', 'Ingrid Melander', 'Paris offices', 'three months', 'hundred protesters', 'pension protesters', 'wider protests', 'pension law', 'group', 'Euronext', 'Thursday', 'pensions', 'part', 'rise', 'money', 'pockets', 'billionaires', 'lobby', 'flares', 'words', 'Macron', 'Blackrock', 'weekend', 'citizens', 'strike', 'vests', 'headquarters', 'expression', 'attempt', 'Courbevoie', 'France', 'streets', 'times', 'voters', 'government', 'order', 'education', 'visit', 'Wednesday', 'withdrawal', 'banner', 'school', 'Ganges', 'selfies', 'pupils', 'police', 'bit', 'everything', 'people', 'Standards']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,consent.google.com
23353,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/575082-france-protest-stock-exchange/,French protesters storm stock exchange (VIDEO),Hundreds of demonstrators occupied the Euronext stock exchange building in Paris on Thursday Read Full Article at RT.com,"The demonstrators want President Macron to drop his pension reforms and force corporations to fund the social security systemHundreds of protesters entered the Euronext stock exchange in Paris on Thursday  burning flares and chanting anti-government slogans. The brief occupation of the building is the latest in a series of continuous demonstrations since President Emamnuel Macron hiked the retirement age.Waving trade union flags  roughly 200-300 protesters stormed the lobby of the exchange  their flares filling the building with red smoke and setting off alarms. ""We are here  we are here  even if Macron does not want it we are here ” they chanted  as a small contingent of riot police waited outside.According to the flags and banners they carried  many of the protesters were rail workers  whose unions earlier called for “expressions of anger” outside railway stations on Thursday.The disruption at Euronext came less than a week after Macron signed a bill raising the retirement age for most French workers from 62 to 64. The bill was tremendously unpopular  and Macron’s decision to invoke special constitutional powers last month to pass it without a parliamentary vote triggered violent protests across the country.The president has refused to reconsider the bill  arguing that raising the retirement age is “necessary” to keep France’s social security system afloat.The unions disagree  arguing that the system could be propped up by corporate tax hikes. ""We are told that there is no money to finance pensions ” one trade unionist told Sky News on Thursday  adding that there is “no need to get the money from the pockets of workers  there is some in the pockets of billionaires.”France’s trade unions have vowed to continue organizing strikes and demonstrations  calling for mass turnout on May 1  a traditional day of left-wing marches and rallies. Macron’s political opponents on both the left and right have promised to keep up their opposition too  with right-wing National Rally leader Marine Le Pen calling the bill “the final break between Macron and the French people ” and veteran left-winger Jean-Luc Melenchon accusing Macron of imposing a “presidential monarchy” on France.",negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,negative,0.0,0.06,0.93,True,English,"['French protesters', 'stock exchange', 'VIDEO', 'right-wing National Rally leader', 'veteran left-winger Jean-Luc Melenchon', 'Waving trade union flags', 'special constitutional powers', 'corporate tax hikes', 'one trade unionist', 'Marine Le Pen', 'social security system', 'most French workers', 'Euronext stock exchange', 'President Emamnuel Macron', 'French people', 'trade unions', 'pension reforms', 'anti-government slogans', 'brief occupation', 'retirement age', 'red smoke', 'small contingent', 'riot police', 'rail workers', 'railway stations', 'parliamentary vote', 'violent protests', 'Sky News', 'mass turnout', 'traditional day', 'left-wing marches', 'political opponents', 'final break', 'presidential monarchy', 'continuous demonstrations', 'President Macron', '200-300 protesters', 'demonstrators', 'force', 'corporations', 'Hundreds', 'Paris', 'Thursday', 'flares', 'building', 'series', 'lobby', 'alarms', 'banners', 'expressions', 'anger', 'disruption', 'bill', 'decision', 'country', 'France', 'money', 'pensions', 'need', 'pockets', 'strikes', 'May', 'rallies', 'opposition']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,rt.com
23354,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-buyback-transaction-details-april-080000609.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 13 – April 19  2023,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 13 – April 19  2023 April 20  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions...,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 13 – April 19  2023April 20  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 151 686 of its own ordinary shares in the period from April 13  2023  up to and including April 19  2023  for €18.1 million and at an average share price of €119.58.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 22  2023  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to €1 billion during 2023.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2023Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2023 to date 2 556 691 276.7 108.21For the period starting February 24  2023  up to and including April 28  2023  we have engaged a third party to execute €160 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulator  and corporate performance and ESG sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Story continuesWolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on LinkedIn   Twitter   Facebook   and YouTube .Media Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.22,0.68,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'April', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Further information', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'ESG sectors', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'April', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'February', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'Story', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23355,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.channelnewsasia.com/world/french-protesters-invade-euronext-la-defense-anger-emmanuel-macron-pension-law-3432131,French protesters invade Euronext building in anger over pension law,PARIS: A group of protesters briefly invaded offices of stockmarket operator Euronext in Paris' La Defense business district on Thursday (Apr 20)  saying big companies must pay up to finance pensions  as part of wider protests against,"PARIS: A group of protesters briefly invaded offices of stockmarket operator Euronext in Paris' La Defense business district on Thursday (Apr 20)  saying big companies must pay up to finance pensions  as part of wider protests against a rise in the retirement age.""We are told that there is no money to finance pensions "" said Sud-Rail unionist Fabien Villedieu. But there is ""no need to get the money from the pockets of workers  there is some in the pockets of billionaires"".Waving union flags  the group of a few hundred protesters occupied Euronext's lobby  engulfed in red smoke from flares  and chanted words popular with pension protesters: ""We are here  we are here  even if Macron does not want it we are here.""They also shouted: ""Macron resign!""Earlier this month  similar scenes occurred at Blackrock's Paris offices.At the weekend  President Emmanuel Macron signed into law the rise in the retirement age which means citizens must work two years longer  to 64  before receiving their state pension.That was after three months of protests that brought huge crowds onto the streets and at times turned violent. Opinion polls show a vast majority of voters oppose the pension reform.Macron and his government say they want to move on and work on other measures to do with working conditions  law and order  education and health issues.",negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['French protesters', 'Euronext building', 'pension law', 'anger', ""Paris' La Defense business district"", 'President Emmanuel Macron', 'Paris offices', 'stockmarket operator', 'big companies', 'retirement age', 'Sud-Rail unionist', 'Fabien Villedieu', 'union flags', 'red smoke', 'similar scenes', 'state pension', 'three months', 'huge crowds', 'Opinion polls', 'vast majority', 'pension reform', 'other measures', 'working conditions', 'health issues', 'hundred protesters', 'pension protesters', 'wider protests', 'group', 'Euronext', 'Thursday', 'Apr', 'pensions', 'part', 'rise', 'money', 'need', 'pockets', 'workers', 'billionaires', 'lobby', 'flares', 'words', 'Blackrock', 'weekend', 'law', 'citizens', 'streets', 'times', 'voters', 'government', 'order', 'education']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,channelnewsasia.com
23356,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sogeclair-combined-general-meeting-may-161500678.html,Sogeclair: Combined General Meeting of May 11th 2023 - Availability of preparatory documents,Blagnac  April 20st 2023 COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF MAY 11  2023AVAILABILITY OF PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS The company's shareholders are invited to attend the...,SogeclairBlagnac  April 20st 2023COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF MAY 11  2023AVAILABILITY OF PREPARATORY DOCUMENTSThe company's shareholders are invited to attend the Combined General Meeting to be held on May 11  2023 at 10:00 a.m. at the company's headquarters  Zone aéroportuaire  7  avenue Albert Durand  31700 Blagnac.The prior notice including the agenda and the draft resolutions was published in the BALO (Gazette of Obligatory Legal Announcements) n°41 of April 5  2023 and the notice of meeting will be published in the BALO of April 24  2023 and in a legal gazette (La Dépêche du Midi) on April 2 4   202 3 .The preparatory documents for the Shareholder’s Meeting as defined in Article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code are posted on the company's website (www.sogeclair.com).Company Shareholders can also get the Shareholders’ meeting documents starting from the convening date. Thus  in accordance with the applicable law and regulations:- any registered shareholder may  until the 5th (included) day prior to the shareholders’ meeting  request the company to send him/her the documents referred to in Articles R.225-81 and R.225-83 of the French Commercial Code  if necessary at his/her express request by electronic means. For holders of bearer shares  the exercise of this right is subject to the submittal of a certificate of participation in the register of bearer shares that is held by the approved register holder;- any shareholder may consult the documents referred to in Articles L. 225-115 and R. 225-83 of the French Commercial Code at the company's registered office.Next announcement: turnover for Q1 2023  on May 3rd 2023 after closing of the Stock MarketAbout SOGECLAIRSupplier of innovative  high added-value solutions for safer and more efficient mobility  SOGECLAIR brings its skills in high-quality engineering and production to a broad range of cutting-edge sectors  notably aeronautics  space  vehicle  rail and defense. Supporting its customers and partners from the design and simulation stages through to the end of the product’s lifetime  all along the production chain through to entry into service  the collaborators are working worldwide to offer a high quality  proximity service to all its customers.Story continuesSOGECLAIR is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment C – Indice Euronext® Family Business -Code ISIN: FR0000065864 / (Reuters SCLR.PA – Bloomberg SOG.FP)Contacts: Philippe ROBARDEY  President & CEO / Olivier PEDRON  Chief Officer Operating / +33(0)5 61 71 70 33Press contact: Louise-Marie THABARD / SOGECLAIR Communication / louise-marie.thabard@sogeclair.com / +336 75 95 12 20Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'preparatory documents', 'May', 'Availability', 'La Dépêche du Midi', 'innovative, high added-value solutions', 'Indice Euronext® Family Business', 'Chief Officer Operating', 'Obligatory Legal Announcements', 'French Commercial Code', 'COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'Shareholders’ meeting documents', 'Euronext Paris', 'Albert Durand', 'draft resolutions', 'legal gazette', 'convening date', 'applicable law', 'express request', 'electronic means', 'bearer shares', 'registered office', 'Next announcement', 'Stock Market', 'efficient mobility', 'high-quality engineering', 'broad range', 'cutting-edge sectors', 'simulation stages', 'Compartment C', 'Reuters SCLR', 'Bloomberg SOG', 'Philippe ROBARDEY', 'Olivier PEDRON', 'Press contact', 'PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS', 'prior notice', 'Article R.', 'register holder', 'Articles L.', 'production chain', 'proximity service', 'Louise-Marie THABARD', 'SOGECLAIR Communication', 'registered shareholder', 'Company Shareholders', 'Sogeclair Blagnac', '31700 Blagnac', 'April', 'MAY', 'AVAILABILITY', '10:00 a', 'headquarters', 'Zone', 'avenue', 'agenda', 'BALO', 'website', 'accordance', 'regulations', '5th', 'exercise', 'right', 'submittal', 'certificate', 'participation', 'turnover', 'Q1', 'closing', 'safer', 'skills', 'aeronautics', 'space', 'vehicle', 'rail', 'defense', 'customers', 'partners', 'design', 'lifetime', 'entry', 'collaborators', 'Story', 'ISIN', 'FP', 'Contacts', 'President', 'CEO', 'Attachment']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23357,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-beeline-kyrgyzstan-achieves-international-120300867.html,VEON’s Beeline Kyrgyzstan Achieves International Cybersecurity Certification,Kyrgyzstan Operator obtains ISO/IEC 27001:2013 Certification from British Standards Institute underscoring commitment to high standards in information...,"VEON Ltd.Kyrgyzstan Operator obtains ISO/IEC 27001:2013 Certification from British Standards Institute underscoring commitment to high standards in information securityAmsterdam  20 April 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces that Beeline Kyrgyzstan  its operating company in Kyrgyzstan  has achieved ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certification  a global standard of compliance for information security management systems.Beeline Kyrgyzstan successfully passed the security audit performed by the British Standards Institute (BSI)  the national standards institute of the United Kingdom  after rigorous testing  analysis and evaluation of its information security management systems.“Like all VEON Group companies  Beeline Kyrgyzstan is committed to providing reliable and secure online services to our breadth of corporate and individual clients ” stated Kaan Terzioglu  CEO of VEON Group. “As we continue to serve our customers with the products that enable local value generation  we never lose our focus on information and cybersecurity  constantly improving our processes and capabilities. This certification is further proof of this focus in Kyrgyzstan.”""This is a significant achievement that reflects our unwavering dedication in protecting data assets  and in improving our information security processes and applications – which  in turn  enables our commitment to the highest level of security for the data of our B2B clients  individual customers and employees” said Andrey Pyatakhin  CEO of Beeline Kyrgyzstan. “Getting this certification confirms the high standards we set for ourselves as an organisation.”The digitalization of VEON’s markets and the continued roll-out of VEON’s digital operator strategy comes with an increasing necessity for protecting commercial and personal data. Beeline Kyrgyzstan obtaining this international certification of information management systems underscores VEON’s track record of increasing its security standards and improving its procedures  practices and capabilities in data management.Story continuesAbout VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to nearly 160 million customers in six dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information visit: https://www.veon.com.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  the partnership described above. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. There can be no assurance that the certification referred to above will be maintained.Contact informationAnna Ivanova-Galitsinapr@veon.comJulian TannerJulian.tanner@tuvapartners.com",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.23,0.51,True,English,"['Beeline Kyrgyzstan Achieves International Cybersecurity Certification', 'VEON', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'information security management systems', 'information management systems', 'local value generation', 'greater digital inclusion', 'digital operator strategy', 'British Standards Institute', 'national standards institute', 'global digital operator', 'six dynamic markets', 'secure online services', 'information security processes', 'VEON Group companies', 'security standards', 'data management', 'global standard', 'security audit', 'Kyrgyzstan Operator', 'high standards', 'Contact information', 'converged connectivity', 'operating company', 'United Kingdom', 'rigorous testing', 'individual clients', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'significant achievement', 'unwavering dedication', 'highest level', 'B2B clients', 'Andrey Pyatakhin', 'continued roll', 'increasing necessity', 'track record', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'Anna Ivanova-Galitsina', 'Beeline Kyrgyzstan', 'data assets', 'personal data', 'individual customers', '160 million customers', 'unanticipated events', 'Julian Tanner', 'international certification', 'VEON Ltd', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certification', 'statements', 'commitment', 'NASDAQ', 'compliance', 'BSI', 'analysis', 'evaluation', 'reliable', 'breadth', 'corporate', 'CEO', 'products', 'focus', 'cybersecurity', 'capabilities', 'proof', 'applications', 'turn', 'employees', 'organisation', 'digitalization', 'commercial', 'procedures', 'practices', 'Story', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'Section', 'partnership', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'assurance']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23358,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/edenred-extends-employee-engagement-offer-050200151.html,Edenred extends its Employee Engagement offer in Latin America with the acquisition of GOintegro,Edenred extends its Employee Engagement offer in Latin America with the acquisition of GOintegro Edenred  a leading digital platform for services and...,EDENREDEdenred extends its Employee Engagement offer in Latin America with the acquisition of GOintegroEdenred  a leading digital platform for services and payments and worldwide leader in Employee Benefits  today announced the signing of an agreement to acquire 75% of the share capital of GOintegro  a Latin American provider of a SaaS1 employee engagement platform. GOintegro offers a broad range of engagement solutions  designed to help companies enhance their organizational culture and be an employer of choice in attracting and retaining talents.The acquisition of GOintegro illustrates Edenred’s ambition – set out in the Beyond 22-25 strategic plan - to be the everyday platform for people at work  notably by extending the scope of its portfolio. Through the integration of GOintegro’s modular employee engagement platform  Edenred broadens its offer and strengthens its lead in the Latin America's Employee Benefits market.Founded in 2002  GOintegro combines superior technological innovation with HR expertise to increase employee engagement at work through services such as savings & discounts  reward & recognition programs  wellbeing content or internal communication and pulse surveys. GOintegro provides these solutions through a unique multi-module platform available in seven Latin American countries2. GOintegro’s 130 employees serve more than 1.2 million users and 500 clients  including large companies such as Bayer  General Electric  HP and PepsiCo.As a worldwide leader in Employee Benefits  Edenred has successfully extended its portfolio into non-Meal & Food benefits over the years. The Group has notably developed a leading offer in Employee Savings and Benefits management platforms in 12 countries  including flagship solutions such as ProwebCE in France  Ekivita in Belgium  and Easywelfare in Italy. The acquisition of GOintegro marks a new step forward in the rollout of Edenred’s Beyond 22-25 strategy  as it helps the Group accelerate the expansion of its Employee Benefits offer in Latin America’s Rewards & Recognition and Well-Being markets. Thanks to a highly complementary product range  and a similar geographical footprint  Edenred is ideally positioned to leverage GOintegro’s offer and thereby strengthen its value proposition for HR managers in Latin America.Story continuesThe transaction is subject to the approval of the Brazilian competition authority and is expected to close by June 2023.Arnaud Erulin  Chief Operating Officer  Employee Benefits  at Edenred  said: “Through the acquisition of GOintegro  Edenred is taking a new step forward in the deployment of its Beyond 22-25 strategy. The combination of Edenred’s unrivaled expertise in Employee Benefits and GOintegro’s leadership in employee engagement in Latin America creates a leader in the region with strong growth ambitions. We are delighted to welcome GOintegro’s teams to Edenred and look forward to integrating their offering into our unique platform.”German Dyzenchauz  Chief Executive Officer at GOintegro  said: “We are extremely proud to join Edenred  as we share the same human values and vision of being the everyday platform for people at work. We see amazing synergies between Edenred’s unique products and footprint in Latin America and our world-class employee engagement platform which will accelerate our impact and growth in the coming months and years.”▬▬About EdenredEdenred is a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  connecting 52 million users and 2 million partner merchants in 45 countries via 950 000 corporate clients.Edenred offers specific-purpose payment solutions for food (such as meal benefits)  incentives (such as gift cards  employee engagement platforms)  mobility (such as multi-energy  maintenance  toll  parking and commuter solutions) and corporate payments (such as virtual cards).True to the Group’s purpose  “Enrich connections. For good.”  these solutions enhance users’ well-being and purchasing power. They improve companies’ attractiveness and efficiency  and vitalize the employment market and the local economy. They also foster access to healthier food  more environmentally friendly products and softer mobility.Edenred’s 10 000 employees are committed to making the world of work a connected ecosystem that is safer  more efficient and more responsible every day.In 2022  thanks to its global technology assets  the Group managed some €38 billion in business volume  primarily carried out via mobile applications  online platforms and cards.Edenred is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange and included in the following indices: CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  CAC Large 60  Euronext 100  FTSE4Good and MSCI Europe.The logos and other trademarks mentioned and featured in this press release are registered trademarks of Edenred S.E.  its subsidiaries or third parties. They may not be used for commercial purposes without prior written consent from their owners.▬▬CONTACTSCommunications DepartmentEmmanuelle Châtelain+33 (0)1 86 67 24 36 emmanuelle.chatelain@edenred.comMedia RelationsMatthieu Santalucia+33 (0)1 86 67 22 63matthieu.santalucia@edenred.com Investor RelationsCédric Appert+33 (0)1 86 67 24 99cedric.appert@edenred.comBaptiste Fournier+33 (0)1 86 67 20 73baptiste.fournier@edenred.com1 Software as a service2 Brazil  Mexico  Chile  Argentina  Colombia  Peru and UruguayAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.85,0.13,0.02,True,English,"['Employee Engagement offer', 'Latin America', 'Edenred', 'acquisition', 'GOintegro', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'SaaS1 employee engagement platform', 'modular employee engagement platform', 'world-class employee engagement platform', 'seven Latin American countries', 'superior technological innovation', 'Brazilian competition authority', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'same human values', 'global technology assets', 'prior written consent', 'CONTACTS Communications Department', 'Emmanuelle Châtelain', 'Latin American provider', 'leading digital platform', 'complementary product range', 'environmentally friendly products', 'employee engagement platforms', '22-25 strategic plan', 'unique multi-module platform', '2 million partner merchants', 'Benefits management platforms', 'similar geographical footprint', 'strong growth ambitions', 'specific-purpose payment solutions', 'Employee Engagement offer', 'Employee Benefits market', 'Edenred S.E.', 'Employee Benefits offer', 'unique platform', 'everyday platform', 'unique products', 'engagement solutions', 'leading offer', 'online platforms', 'broad range', 'employment market', '1.2 million users', '22-25 strategy', '52 million users', 'Employee Savings', 'share capital', 'organizational culture', 'HR expertise', 'wellbeing content', 'internal communication', 'pulse surveys', 'General Electric', 'Food benefits', 'new step', 'Well-Being markets', 'value proposition', 'HR managers', 'Arnaud Erulin', 'unrivaled expertise', 'German Dyzenchauz', 'amazing synergies', 'coming months', 'everyday companion', 'users’ well', 'purchasing power', 'local economy', 'connected ecosystem', 'business volume', 'mobile applications', 'following indices', 'MSCI Europe', 'other trademarks', 'press release', 'registered trademarks', 'third parties', 'commercial purposes', 'meal benefits', 'flagship solutions', 'commuter solutions', 'worldwide leader', 'large companies', 'gift cards', 'virtual cards', 'companies’ attractiveness', 'healthier food', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'CAC Next', 'recognition programs', '950,000 corporate clients', 'softer mobility', 'corporate payments', 'The Group', '12 countries', '45 countries', '500 clients', 'acquisition', 'GOintegro', 'services', 'signing', 'agreement', 'employer', 'choice', 'talents', 'Beyond', 'people', 'work', 'scope', 'portfolio', 'integration', 'discounts', 'reward', '130 employees', 'Bayer', 'HP', 'PepsiCo', 'years', 'ProwebCE', 'France', 'Ekivita', 'Belgium', 'Easywelfare', 'Italy', 'rollout', 'expansion', 'Story', 'transaction', 'approval', 'June', 'deployment', 'combination', 'leadership', 'region', 'teams', 'offering', 'vision', 'impact', 'incentives', 'multi-energy', 'maintenance', 'toll', 'parking', 'connections', 'efficiency', 'access', '10,000 employees', 'FTSE4Good', 'logos', 'subsidiaries', 'owners']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23359,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/dsm-delivery-shares-193000399.html,DSM - delivery of shares,Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  DSM and DSM-Firmenich are required to announce transactions in relation to the ordinary shares...,THIS PRESS RELEASE IS NOT FOR GENERAL RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE SUCH RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD VIOLATE APPLICABLE LAWS OR REGULATIONSThis is a press release by Koninklijke DSM N.V. (DSM) in connection with the voluntary public exchange offer by DSM-Firmenich AG (DSM-Firmenich) for all the issued and outstanding ordinary shares in the share capital of DSM (the Exchange Offer)  pursuant to Section 13  paragraphs 1 and 2  and Section 17  paragraph 3  of the Dutch Decree on Public Takeover Bids (Besluit openbare biedingen Wft (the Decree). The Exchange Offer is not being made  and the DSM ordinary shares will not be accepted for purchase from or on behalf of any holder of DSM ordinary shares  in any jurisdiction in which the making of the Exchange Offer or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities or other laws or regulations of such jurisdiction or would require any registration  approval or filing with any regulatory authority not expressly contemplated by the terms of the offering circular in relation to the Exchange Offer dated 22 November 2022 (the Offering Circular).HEERLEN  Netherlands  April 20  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Following the Offering Circular published on 22 November 2022  DSM and DSM-Firmenich are required to announce transactions in relation to the ordinary shares in their respective share capital in accordance with the Dutch public offer rules.DSM Logo.With reference to the Offering Circular (in particular sections 11.16 (Long-term incentive plans) and 13.7 (Principal terms of the Business Combination Agreement))  DSM has during the Acceptance Period tendered in the Exchange Offer 662 616 DSM Ordinary Shares held in treasury in order to be able to fulfill its obligations under the respective DSM Incentive Plans after the Settlement Date. As a result of the Settlement that took place today  DSM received 662 616 DSM-Firmenich ordinary shares in exchange for the aforementioned DSM Ordinary Shares tendered in the Exchange Offer.Story continuesPursuant to commitments entered into prior to issuing the Offering Circular  DSM has on 20 April 2023 delivered 4 680 DSM-Firmenich ordinary shares to employees in view of settling the exercise of 4 680 stock options granted under the respective DSM Incentive Plan (average exercise price €58.16).At the date hereof  DSM holds a total of 650 140 DSM-Firmenich ordinary shares (in order to be able to fulfill its obligations under the respective DSM Incentive Plans)  representing approximately 0.43% of the DSM-Firmenich ordinary shares.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.Or find us on:LinkedIn: http://www.linkedin.com/company/3108Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/DSMFacebook: http://www.facebook.com/DSMcompanyYouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/dsmcompanyFor more informationDSM Media Relations Gareth Mead tel. +31 (0) 45 5782420 email media.contacts@dsm.com DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing tel. +31 (0) 45 5782864 email investor.relations@dsm.comForward-looking statementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements with respect to DSM's future (financial) performance and position. Such statements are based on current expectations  estimates and projections of DSM and information currently available to the company. DSM cautions readers that such statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and therefore it should be understood that many factors can cause actual performance and position to differ materially from these statements. DSM has no obligation to update the statements contained in this press release  unless required by law. The English language version of the press release is leading.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/329419/dsm_logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/dsm---delivery-of-shares-301803413.html,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.27,0.34,True,English,"['DSM', 'delivery', 'shares', 'DSM Media Relations Gareth Mead', 'DSM Investor Relations Dave Huizing', 'Koninklijke DSM N.V.', 'respective DSM Incentive Plan', 'Dutch public offer rules', 'voluntary public exchange offer', 'Long-term incentive plans', 'Public Takeover Bids', 'Business Combination Agreement', 'English language version', 'respective share capital', 'outstanding ordinary shares', 'future (financial) performance', 'average exercise price', '662,616 DSM-Firmenich ordinary shares', '4,680 DSM-Firmenich ordinary shares', '650,140 DSM-Firmenich ordinary shares', 'DSM ordinary shares', 'global, purpose-led company', 'The Exchange Offer', 'Dutch Decree', 'actual performance', 'DSM-Firmenich AG', 'Royal DSM', 'UNITED STATES', 'APPLICABLE LAWS', 'biedingen Wft', 'other laws', 'regulatory authority', 'offering circular', 'particular sections', '4,680 stock options', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'current expectations', 'many factors', 'original content', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'GENERAL RELEASE', 'DSM Logo', 'Principal terms', 'Acceptance Period', 'Forward-looking statements', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'More information', 'Settlement Date', 'Such statements', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'REGULATIONS', 'connection', 'paragraphs', 'purchase', 'behalf', 'holder', 'making', 'compliance', 'securities', 'registration', 'approval', 'filing', 'HEERLEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', '22 November', 'transactions', 'accordance', 'reference', 'treasury', 'order', 'obligations', 'result', 'place', 'Story', 'commitments', 'employees', 'view', 'total', 'Health', 'Nutrition', 'Bioscience', 'people', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'solutions', 'world', 'customers', 'society', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'DSMcompany', 'YouTube', 'position', 'estimates', 'projections', 'readers', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'Cision', 'prnewswire', 'news-releases']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23360,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/boussard-gavaudan-holding-limited-gbp-160000869.html,BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP) - Final NAV,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for ...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/03/2023.Final NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Final NAV € 26.6403 £ 23.5164 Final MTD return -2.36 % -2.24 % Final YTD return -4.07 % -3.73 % Final ITD return 166.40 % 135.16 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Final NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Final MTD return', 'Final YTD return', 'Final ITD return', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'US persons', 'The Shares', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Final NAV', 'The Directors', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23361,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/boussard-gavaudan-holding-limited-eur-160000516.html,BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR) - Final NAV,BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for ...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/03/2023.Final NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Final NAV € 26.6403 £ 23.5164 Final MTD return -2.36 % -2.24 % Final YTD return -4.07 % -3.73 % Final ITD return 166.40 % 135.16 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Story continuesNeither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Final NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'EUR', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Final MTD return', 'Final YTD return', 'Final ITD return', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'Final NAV', 'The Directors', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'information purposes', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'Story', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23362,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/0932e5bc04edfd94,French Pension-Reform Protesters Storm Euronext Paris Building,Protesters stormed the entrance hall of stock exchange operator Euronext NV’s offices in the La Defense business district  outside Paris  as opposition to French President Emmanuel Macron’s pension reform lingers even after the plan was enacted earlier this m…,Protesters stormed the entrance hall of stock exchange operator Euronext NV’s offices in the La Defense business district  outside Paris  as opposition to French President Emmanuel Macron’s pension reform lingers even after the plan was enacted earlier this month.French television showed images of railway workers and others chanting and waving union flags.A spokeswoman for…This story appeared on youtube.com   2023-04-20.,neutral,0.0,0.91,0.09,negative,0.0,0.1,0.9,True,English,"['French Pension-Reform Protesters', 'Euronext Paris Building', 'La Defense business district', 'French President Emmanuel Macron', 'stock exchange operator', 'French television', 'entrance hall', 'Euronext NV', 'pension reform', 'railway workers', 'union flags', 'Protesters', 'offices', 'Paris', 'opposition', 'plan', 'images', 'others', 'spokeswoman', 'story']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,biztoc.com
23363,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://thefly.com/permalinks/entry.php/id3697411/EUXTF-Euronext-resumed-with-an-Equal-Weight-at-Morgan-Stanley,Euronext resumed with an Equal Weight at Morgan Stanley EUXTF,See the rest of the story here.thefly.com provides the latest financial news as it breaks. Known as a leader in market intelligence  The Fly's real-time  streaming news feed keeps individual investors  professional money managers  active traders  and corpor…,See the rest of the story here.thefly.com provides the latest financial news as it breaks. Known as a leader in market intelligence  The Fly's real-time  streaming news feed keeps individual investors  professional money managers  active traders  and corpor…,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Morgan Stanley EUXTF', 'Equal Weight', 'Euronext', 'real-time, streaming news feed', 'latest financial news', 'professional money managers', 'market intelligence', 'The Fly', 'individual investors', 'active traders', 'rest', 'story', 'com', 'leader', 'corpor']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,thefly.com
23364,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/6aa97efb4ac8861b,Paris Stock Exchange Euronext Building Taken Over By Protestors,Amidst opposition to French political developments  the Paris stock exchange  Euronext  has seen its building taken over by protestors. Moreover  the building is located in the La Défense business district  just on the outskirts of the capital. Bloomberg repo…,Amidst opposition to French political developments  the Paris stock exchange  Euronext  has seen its building taken over by protestors. Moreover  the building is located in the La Défense business district  just on the outskirts of the capital.Bloomberg reported protestors storming the entrance hall of the building. Additionally  they reportedly intend to protest President…This story appeared on watcher.guru   2023-04-20.,negative,0.0,0.35,0.64,negative,0.0,0.17,0.83,True,English,"['Paris Stock Exchange Euronext Building', 'Protestors', 'La Défense business district', 'French political developments', 'Paris stock exchange', 'entrance hall', 'watcher.guru', 'opposition', 'Euronext', 'building', 'protestors', 'outskirts', 'capital', 'Bloomberg', 'President', 'story']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,biztoc.com
23365,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/q1-2023-revenue-sales-growth-160900128.html,Q1 2023 revenue: Sales growth +2.0% upheld by price increases implemented in 2022 Excellent performance of Sport offsetting slower demand in flooring,Q1 2023 revenue: Sales growth +2.0% upheld by price increases implemented in 2022 Excellent performance of Sport offsetting slower demand in flooring Results...,TarkettQ1 2023 revenue:Sales growth +2.0% upheld by price increases implemented in 2022Excellent performance of Sport offsetting slower demand in flooringResults for the first quarter 2023Revenue up +2.0% compared to Q1 2022  benefiting from sales price increases deployed in 2022 and a favourable foreign exchange effect  offsetting the decline in volumeExcellent level of activity in Sport: organic growth of +17.8% compared with Q1 2022Business volume down in EMEA compared to Q1 2022 due to continuing weakness in residential demand  tempered by the good resistance of commercial productsIn North America  slight decline in Commercial activity  recovery in Hospitality and marked decrease in volume in ResidentialStabilisation of activity level in CIS around -20% compared with 2022  slow start to the year in Asia but continued growth in Latin AmericaThe sale price increases implemented in 2022 are still neutralising the inflation of purchasing costs which persists despite the beginning of a downturn in raw materials pricesParis  20 April 2023: the Supervisory Board of Tarkett (Euronext Paris: FR0004188670 TKTT)  which met today  reviewed the Group’s consolidated revenue for the first quarter of 2023.The Group uses alternative performance indicators (not defined under IFRS)  described in detail in the annex to this document:Revenue in millions of euros Q1 2023 Q1 2022 Change Of which organic growth Organic change including price changes in CIS (1) EMEA 230.2 238.4 -3.4% -1.6% -1.6% North America 214.2 204.2 +4.9% +0.8% +0.8% CIS  APAC & Latin America 121.7 133.6 -8.8% -17.2% -15.4% Sport 132.3 108.5 +22.0% +17.8% +17.8% Group Total 698.4 684.7 +2.0% -0.9% -0.5%(1) Sale price adjustments in the CIS countries are historically intended to offset currency movements and are therefore excluded from the “organic growth” indicator (see Annex 1). Since 2022  significant price increases have been implemented to offset the effects of purchase price inflation  and therefore the Group also measures the change in like-for-like sales including price adjustments in the CIS countries.Story continues1. Revenue for the first quarter 2023Net revenue for the Group was €698 million  up by +2.0% compared to the first quarter of 2022. Organic growth was -0.5% including the sales price increases in the CIS region. The total effect of the sales price increases implemented across all segments is +7.3% on average compared to the first quarter of 2022.The EMEA segment achieved a turnover of €230 million  down -3.4% compared to the first quarter of 2022  including an unfavourable currency effect of -2.1% and a scope effect of +0.2%  representing organic growth of -1.6%. The macroeconomic environment and widespread inflation in Eurozone countries have had a negative impact on Residential activity in all product categories. Commercial activity is down only slightly compared with last year  sustained by increased volumes of resilient flooring for health and education sectors and the good resistance of carpet tile sales. The increases in sales prices implemented since 2022 have made it possible to offset persistently high material and transport costs  as well as very significant wage increases in certain European countries.The North America segment reported revenue of €214 million  an increase of +4.9% compared to the first quarter of 2022  reflecting like-for-like growth of +0.8% and a positive exchange rate effect due to the appreciation of the dollar against the Euro (+3.7%). The Residential market is still penalised by inflation and the increase in bank lending rates. The Commercial segments are down slightly  whilst sales of carpets for the Hotel sector are improving. The effect of different sale price increases in 2022 are still having a significant positive effect on sales in the first quarter.Revenue in the CIS  APAC and Latin America segment has reached €122 million  down -8.8% compared with the first quarter of 2022 given the decrease in organic sales of -15.4% (including increases in sale prices in CIS countries)  which was attenuated by a positive exchange rate effect (+6.6%) linked mainly to the appreciation of the rouble. The market in Russia has stabilised at around -20.0% in volume terms compared with 2022. Sales in Russia made up approximately 8% of total Group sales in the first quarter. Activity was slow in the first quarter in a sluggish market in Asia  particularly in China. Volume growth is still being upheld in Latin America compared to last year.As expected  the Sport segment continued to show very strong growth for the third consecutive quarter. Revenue amounted to €132 million  up by +22.0%  with +17.8% organic growth  compared to the first quarter of 2022. The market remains dynamic in North America for both artificial turf sports fields and athletic tracks  two segments where Tarkett benefits from its leadership  and the order book remains strong.ProspectsThe macroeconomic environment will continue to impact the level of demand in 2023  particularly due to the level of inflation and interest rate rises.Tarkett estimates that the business volume for flooring products will slow down during the first half of 2023. Activities in the Sport division continue to benefit from a buoyant market and should continue to grow thanks to a strong order book  albeit at a slower pace than in 2022 (+33.0% organic growth).In this context  the Group has taken immediate steps to reduce discretionary spending. At the same time  actions to reduce the cost structure are being implemented in the regions most affected by the slowdown in activity.There has been a sequential decrease in prices of the Group’s main raw materials but their absolute levels remain high. Energy prices are also lower than at the end of 2022  but further price increases in 2023 cannot be ruled out  especially in Europe due to tensions in the gas supply chain and capacity constraints at some electricity suppliers. Salary increases will be higher overall than in previous years. At this stage  the Group is therefore maintaining the sale prices reached at the end of 2022 and does not rule out further increases.This press release may contain forward-looking statements. These statements do not constitute forecasts regarding results or any other performance indicator  but rather trends or targets. These statements are by their nature subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the Company’s Registration Document available on its website ( https://www.tarkett-group.com/en/category/urd/ ). They do not reflect the future performance of the Company  which may differ significantly. The Company does not undertake to provide updates to these statements.Financial calendar26 July 2023 : H1 2023 financial results - press release after close of trading19 October 2023 : Q3 2023 revenue - press release after close of tradingInvestor Relations and Individual Shareholders Contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia contactsBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83Hugues Boëton – Tel.: +33 (0) 6 79 99 27 15 – Benoit Grange – Tel.: +33 (0)6 14 45 09 26About TarkettWith a history of more than 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating net sales of € 3.4 billion in 2022. The Group has 12 000 employees  25 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 34 production sites. Tarkett designs and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build “The Way to Better Floors ” the Group is committed to circular economy and sustainability  in line with its Tarkett Human‐Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT) www.tarkett‐group.com***Appendices1/ Definition of alternative performance indicators (not defined under IFRS)Organic growth measures the change in revenue as compared with the same period in the prior year  outside of the exchange rate effect and changes in scope. The exchange rate effect is obtained by applying the prior year’s exchange rate to sales for the current year and calculating the difference with sales for the current year. It also includes the effect of price adjustments in the CIS countries intended to offset the change in local currencies against the euro.The effect of changes in scope is composed of: current year sales by entities not included in the scope of consolidation in the same period of the prior year  until the anniversary of their consolidation; the reduction in sales related to divested businesses not included in the current year's scope of consolidation but included in sales for the same period in the previous year until the anniversary date of the divestiture.in millions of euros Q1 2023 revenue Q1 2022 revenue Change Of which volume Of which sales prices Of which CIS sales prices Of which exchange rate effect Of which effect of changes in scope Group Total Q1 698.5 684.7 +2.0%-7.8%+6.9%+0.4% +2.3% +0.2% Of which organic growth -0.9% Of which sales price increases +7.3%2/ Bridges in millions of euros Q1 2023Q1 2022 684.7 +/- EMEA -3.7 +/- North America +1.6 +/- CIS  APAC & Latin America -23.0 +/- Sports +19.3 Q1 2022 Like-for-like 678.9 +/- Scope effect +1.6 +/- Currencies +7.5 +/- Lag effect in CIS +10.5 Q1 2023 698.5Attachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.18,0.37,True,English,"['Q1 2023 revenue', 'Sales growth', 'price increases', 'Excellent performance', 'slower demand', 'Sport', 'flooring', '2022', 'artificial turf sports fields', 'favourable foreign exchange effect', 'positive exchange rate effect', 'different sale price increases', 'The North America segment', 'significant positive effect', 'bank lending rates', 'significant wage increases', 'alternative performance indicators', 'significant price increases', 'unfavourable currency effect', 'raw materials prices', 'Sale price adjustments', 'carpet tile sales', 'third consecutive quarter', 'The EMEA segment', 'Latin America segment', 'sales price increases', 'purchase price inflation', 'The Commercial segments', 'organic growth” indicator', 'The Residential market', 'total Group sales', 'sale prices', 'total effect', 'scope effect', 'price changes', 'The Group', 'Excellent performance', 'currency movements', 'sales prices', 'commercial products', 'Sport segment', 'organic sales', '+17.8% organic growth', 'Sales growth', 'first quarter', 'flooring Results', 'continuing weakness', 'good resistance', 'continued growth', 'purchasing costs', 'Supervisory Board', 'Group Total', 'macroeconomic environment', 'Eurozone countries', 'negative impact', 'product categories', 'resilient flooring', 'education sectors', 'high material', 'transport costs', 'European countries', 'Hotel sector', 'strong growth', 'athletic tracks', 'two segments', 'order book', 'Commercial activity', 'sluggish market', 'slower demand', 'residential demand', 'Residential activity', 'last year', 'Business volume', 'widespread inflation', 'volume terms', 'Volume growth', 'Excellent level', 'slight decline', 'Euronext Paris', 'CIS countries', 'CIS region', 'Organic change', 'Net revenue', 'activity level', 'Q1 2023 revenue', 'Tarkett', 'recovery', 'Hospitality', 'decrease', 'Stabilisation', 'Asia', 'beginning', 'downturn', 'April', 'TKTT', 'IFRS', 'detail', 'annex', 'document', 'millions', 'euros', 'APAC', 'effects', 'Story', 'turnover', 'volumes', 'health', 'appreciation', 'dollar', 'carpets', 'Russia', 'China', 'leadership', 'Prospects', 'interest']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23366,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000242.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 19 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9629 £ 23.8160 Estimated MTD return 1.20 % 1.26 % Estimated YTD return -2.90 % -2.50 % Estimated ITD return 169.63 % 138.16 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.41 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.80 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.1175 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.1220The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Story continuesBoussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.09,0.19,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23367,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-biocartis-group-nv-050000620.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Biocartis Reports Results of First Quarter of 2023,PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION20 April 2023  07:00 CEST Biocartis Reports Results of First Quarter of 2023:16% Growth of Oncology Cartridge...,"Biocartis NVPRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION20 April 2023  07:00 CESTBiocartis Reports Results of First Quarter of 2023:16% Growth of Oncology Cartridge RevenuesGross Margin on Products of 37% and EBITDA of EUR -8.4mMechelen  Belgium  20 April 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ""Company"" or ""Biocartis"")  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  today provides a business update for the first quarter of 2023 and the outlook for the full year 2023.Commenting on the Q1 2023 results  Herman Verrelst  Chief Executive Officer of Biocartis  said: “The start of 2023 was broadly in line with our expectations  with 16% growth of cartridge revenues in our core oncology business and a 35% gross margin. While we still expect to grow such product related revenues by 25-30% for the entire year  we saw Q1 2023 revenues were affected by the impact of the price increases we implemented end of 2022 that led customers to place anticipative orders  particularly so in the US. Furthermore  the macroeconomic environment continued to slow down investments in the development and the commercialization of certain partner products  affecting both cartridge as well as instrument sales. Despite these effects  which we believe to be temporary and short-term  we again took critical steps in securing future growth that will be driven by continued menu - and geographical expansion. Our Idylla™ MSI Test received 510(k) clearance1 by the US FDA  marking the start of the commercialization of our in-vitro diagnostic solution for clinical use and paving the way to unlock significant growth potential in the US. Launching the Idylla™ IDH1-2 Mutation Assay Kit (RUO2) among selected customers was a breakthrough for our new Idylla™ FLEX technology that we expect will allow us to bring new assays to the market faster and to further tap into the vast market of liquid biopsy-based monitoring. We also welcomed APIS Assay Technologies as a new collaboration partner and look forward to adding their novel Breast Cancer Subtyping test to our broad oncology menu on Idylla™. Finally  we implemented management changes to enhance our focus on the US market. Bryan Dechairo was appointed to the board of directors and in my new role of executive chairman of the board of directors  I look forward to partnering with Roger Moody  Biocartis’ new CEO who brings a wealth of experience in the US diagnostic industry to our executive leadership team. We are more confident than ever about our ability to sustain future growth to profitability and  save for further impact of the current economic climate on ongoing collaborations  we reiterate our expectations for the year.""Story continuesQ1 2023 HIGHLIGHTSProduct related revenue of EUR 10.8m  up 2% year-on-year and including EUR 8.5m cartridge revenue from 75k cartridges sold and EUR 2.3m from instrument sales  rentals and servicing: Oncology cartridge revenue of EUR 8m (+16% year-on-year) Revenue contribution from Idylla™ SARS-CoV-2 product sales down by 53%  from EUR 1.1m in Q1 2022 to EUR 0.5m in Q1 2023 Cartridge Average Sales Price (ASP) of EUR 120 in oncology and EUR 113 overall vs EUR 114 and EUR 101 in Q1 2022  respectively EUR 2.2m revenue from instruments. 57 net new instruments placed year-to-date  total installed base of 2 142 instruments end of Q1 2023Gross profit on product sales 3 of EUR 3.8m (Q1 2022: EUR 3.5m)  reflecting a gross margin of 37% (34% for the full year 2022). Q1 2023 was the last quarter that included cartridge production on the old manufacturing line ML1  which is now no longer in use for commercial cartridge production. Continued scaling of the more automated high-throughput manufacturing line ML2 is expected to further reduce cartridge production cost and contribute to a gross margin on products of 40-45% for the full year 2023EBITDA 4 of EUR -8.4m  an improvement of EUR 1.1m or 12% year-on-year. The cash position end Q1 2023 amounts to EUR 43.9mIdylla™ test menu & partnerships: Announcement 9 February 2023: Launch among selected customers of the Idylla™ IDH1-2 Mutation Assay Kit (RUO)  the first test developed with the new Idylla™ FLEX technology that separates the generic components of an Idylla™ test from the test-specific components Announcement 2 March 2023: 510(k) clearance by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the Idylla™ MSI Test Post the reporting period  announcement 4 April 2023: New partnership agreement with APIS Assay Technologies Ltd. for development of APIS’ Breast Cancer Subtyping assay on the Idylla™ platform. This assay  already available for in vitro diagnostic use 5 in centralized expert laboratories in the UK  will be commercialized 6 by Biocartis ahead of the Idylla™ version of the assayOrganizational news: Recapitalization – Announcement on 16 January 2023 on the completion of the final steps of the comprehensive recapitalization transactions Strengthening US market positioning - During Q1 2023 and shortly after  the Company undertook several actions to strengthen its orientation towards the US market: Announcement on 22 February 2023: Resignation of Mr. Roald Borré as Director and appointment of Mr. Bryan Dechairo as a new independent board member and member of the Audit Committee of the Company Announcement post the reporting period  on 11 April 2023: Appointment of Roger Moody to the position of Chief Executive Officer effective 24 April 2023 7 . Herman Verrelst  who has been the Company’s Chief Executive Officer since August 2017  will move into the new position of Executive Chairman of the board of directors. Christian Reinaudo  who has served as Chairman of the board since May 2018  will assume the role of Lead Independent Director to act as principal liaison between the non-executive members of the board and the executive leadership team2023 OUTLOOKBiocartis reconfirms its 2023 guidance:Product related revenues 8 of between EUR 55m and EUR 60m  reflecting growth of 25%-35% when excluding sales of SARS-CoV-2 tests that are expected to further decreaseA gross margin on product sales 9 of between 40% and 45%EBITDA of between EUR -25m and EUR -28m  an improvement of between EUR 8.5m to EUR 11.5mThese projections are based on foreign currency exchange rates applicable on 23 February 2023  the date on which the 2022 results and 2023 outlook were published.IDYLLA™ TEST MENU OUTLOOKAfter having obtained US FDA 510(k) clearance for the Idylla™ MSI Test in Q1 2023  Biocartis expects to achieve the following regulatory milestones and to launch the assays listed below. The timing of the planned launch of partner tests remains subject to changes imposed by the relevant partners:SeptiCyte ® RAPID on Idylla™ EDTA – submission of 510(k) to the US FDA by ImmunexpressIdylla™ IDH1-2 Mutation Assay Kit (RUO) – Global availability to all customersIdylla™ PIK3CA-AKT1 Mutation Assay – RUO product development in collaboration with LifeArcIdylla™ Merlin CP-GEP Assay – RUO launch in collaboration with SkylineDxIdylla™ ThyroidPrint Assay – RUO launch in collaboration with GeneproDxFINANCIAL CALENDAR12 May 2023 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Biocartis Group NV31 August 2023 H1 2023 results9 November 2023 Q3 2023 Business Update--- END ---More information:Renate Degrave | Head of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Biocartis’ continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests addresses key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung  liver and breast cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.1 A 510(k) is a premarketing submission made to FDA to demonstrate that the device to be marketed is as safe and effective  that is  substantially equivalent (SE)  to a legally marketed device that is not subject to premarket approval (PMA). 510(k) (premarket notification) to FDA is required at least 90 days before marketing unless the device is exempt from 510(k) requirements. Source: https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/products-and-medical-procedures/device-approvals-denials-and-clearances  last consulted on 17 April 20232 RUO = Research Use Only  not for use in diagnostic procedures3 Excluding instrument servicing4 Earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization5 Registered as IVD in the UK  submission for IVDR CE marking pending6 In the European Union and selected export markets7 Mr Moody will also become a member of the Board of Directors  subject to the approval by the Company’s general shareholders’ meeting8 Including revenue from instrument servicing9 Excluding revenue from instrument servicing",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.28,0.38,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Biocartis Reports', 'Press release', 'First Quarter', 'Results', 'novel Breast Cancer Subtyping test', 'APIS’ Breast Cancer Subtyping assay', 'Idylla™ IDH1-2 Mutation Assay Kit', 'Q1 2023 Cartridge Average Sales Price', 'APIS Assay Technologies Ltd', 'automated high-throughput manufacturing line', 'new Idylla™ FLEX technology', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'Idylla™ SARS-CoV-2 product sales', 'EUR 8.5m cartridge revenue', 'Idylla™ MSI Test', 'old manufacturing line', 'vitro diagnostic solution', 'liquid biopsy-based monitoring', 'current economic climate', 'Product related revenue', 'U.S. Food', 'centralized expert laboratories', 'New partnership agreement', 'Idylla™ test menu', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'executive leadership team', 'commercial cartridge production', 'cartridge production cost', 'Oncology cartridge revenue', 'new collaboration partner', 'broad oncology menu', 'core oncology business', 'US diagnostic industry', 'vitro diagnostic use', 'comprehensive recapitalization transactions', 'significant growth potential', 'EUR 2.2m revenue', '57 net new instruments', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'US market positioning', 'price increases', 'cartridge revenues', 'Idylla™ platform', 'Idylla™ version', 'instrument sales', 'Revenue contribution', 'first test', 'new assays', 'new role', 'new CEO', 'executive chairman', 'business update', 'continued menu', 'Q1 2023 revenues', 'Biocartis NV', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'First Quarter', 'Gross Margin', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Herman Verrelst', 'anticipative orders', 'macroeconomic environment', 'critical steps', 'geographical expansion', 'clinical use', 'vast market', 'management changes', 'Bryan Dechairo', 'Roger Moody', 'ongoing collaborations', '75k cartridges', 'Gross profit', 'last quarter', 'cash position', 'generic components', 'test-specific components', 'Drug Administration', 'reporting period', 'Organizational news', 'final steps', 'several actions', 'partner products', 'future growth', 'Biocartis Reports', 'full year', 'entire year', '510(k) clearance1', 'US FDA', 'Q1 2023 results', '16% Growth', '2,142 instruments', '20 April', 'CEST', 'EBITDA', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'start', 'expectations', 'impact', 'customers', 'investments', 'development', 'commercialization', 'effects', 'way', 'RUO', 'breakthrough', 'focus', 'board', 'directors', 'wealth', 'experience', 'ability', 'Story', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'rentals', 'servicing', 'ASP', 'total', 'ML', 'scaling', 'improvement', 'partnerships', 'Announcement', 'Launch', 'March', 'UK', '16 January', 'completion', 'orientation']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23368,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/c9b3ed46d7582152,French protesters storm stock exchange in Paris over rise in pension age,Protesters in Paris invaded the offices of stockmarket operator Euronext as part of wider demonstrations against a rise in the retirement age. Footage showed the lobby engulfed in red smoke from flares and protesters chanting slogans. People have been protest…,Protesters in Paris invaded the offices of stockmarket operator Euronext as part of wider demonstrations against a rise in the retirement age. Footage showed the lobby engulfed in red smoke from flares and protesters chanting slogans. People have been protesting across France for three months against Emmanuel Macron's pension law  which raises the retirement age from 62 to…This story appeared on theguardian.com   2023-04-20.,negative,0.01,0.36,0.64,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['French protesters', 'stock exchange', 'pension age', 'Paris', 'rise', 'stockmarket operator', 'wider demonstrations', 'retirement age', 'red smoke', 'three months', 'Emmanuel Macron', 'pension law', 'Protesters', 'Paris', 'offices', 'Euronext', 'part', 'rise', 'Footage', 'lobby', 'flares', 'slogans', 'People', 'France', 'story']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,biztoc.com
23369,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WOLTERS-KLUWER-6291/news/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-April-13-ndash-April-19-2023-43549169/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 13 – April 19  2023,(marketscreener.com) Share Buyback Transaction Details April 13 – April 19  2023 April 20  2023 - Wolters Kluwer   a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 151 686 of its own…,Share Buyback Transaction Details April 13 – April 19  2023April 20  2023 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leading provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today reports that it has repurchased 151 686 of its own ordinary shares in the period from April 13  2023  up to and including April 19  2023  for €18.1 million and at an average share price of €119.58.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 22  2023  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to €1 billion during 2023.The cumulative amounts repurchased to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2023Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2023 to date 2 556 691 276.7 108.21For the period starting February 24  2023  up to and including April 28  2023  we have engaged a third party to execute €160 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Repurchased shares are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes or to meet obligations arising from share-based incentive plans.Further information is available on our website:About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulator  and corporate performance and ESG sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2022 annual revenues of €5.5 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 20 000 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on LinkedIn   Twitter   Facebook   and YouTube .Media Investors/Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens Corporate Communications Investor Relations t + 31 172 641 230 t + 31 172 641 407 press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This press release contains information which is to be made publicly available under Regulation (EU) 596/2014.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'April', 'Analysts Gerbert van Genderen Stort Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Corporate Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'average share price', 'capital reduction purposes', 'share-based incentive plans', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'global leading provider', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'cumulative amounts', 'global leader', 'new information', 'ordinary shares', 'Repurchased shares', 'treasury shares', 'expert solutions', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'Further information', 'professional information', 'software solutions', 'ESG sectors', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2022 annual revenues', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Investors', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'press release', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'financial risks', 'April', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'repurchases', 'February', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'obligations', 'website', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'customers', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '20,000 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'Attachment']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23370,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GIBUS-S-P-A-60103182/news/Gibus-S-p-A-attends-the-EGM-Investor-Day-organized-by-IR-Top-Consulting-43550248/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Gibus S p A : attends the EGM Investor Day organized by IR Top Consulting,(marketscreener.com)   GIBUS ATTENDS THE EGM INVESTOR DAY   ORGANIZED BY IR TOP CONSULTING   On 9th May 2023  9:30 a.m. at Grand Hotel et de Milan   SACCOLONGO   19th APRIL 2023   GIBUS   the Italian brand of the high-endOutdoor Design sector  l…,"GIBUS ATTENDS THE EGM INVESTOR DAYORGANIZED BY IR TOP CONSULTINGOn 9th May 2023  9:30 a.m. at Grand Hotel et de MilanSACCOLONGO (PD)  19th APRIL 2023GIBUS (GBUS:IM)  the Italian brand of the high-endOutdoor Design sector  listed in Euronext Growth Milan and founded in 1982  announces that the company is going to attend the EGM INVESTOR DAY organized by IR Top Consulting on 9th May 2023 at 9:30 a.m.The aim of the event is to offer the financial community an opportunity for discussion with the Top Management of selected companies listed on Euronext Growth Milan  that will discuss 2022 financial results and 2023 trends.Alessio Bellin  Managing Director of GIBUS  will speak.The event will take place in Milan at the Grand Hotel et de Milan  via Alessandro Manzoni 29. Mandatory registration. RSVP: ir@irtop.com.The institutional presentation will be made available on the day of the event on the website www.gibusgroup.com  section ""Investor Relations"".GIBUS (GBUS:IM - ISIN IT0005341059) is the Italian brand protagonist of the high-end Outdoor Design sector for HO.RE.CA. and Residential  present in Italy and the main European countries with a network of 434 GIBUS Ateliers which is unique in the national and international competitive landscape. With headquarters in Saccolongo (PD) and around 200 employees  it designs 100% Made in Italy products and oversees the entire value chain. GIBUS has a consolidated market share in Italy and has strengthened its presence abroad  particularly in France and the DACH area. It constantly invests in R&D and  with over 50 patented technical solutions and 30 protected design models  has defined new quality standards in the sector: raising the technological content and product design is the key to compete in the high-end segment of the outdoor sector and to meet the needs of increasingly greater comfort in the use of outdoor spaces. The main product lines  Luxury High Tech (Bioclimatic Pergolas) and Sustainability (ZIP Screen)  are characterized by their level of design and technology and represent the main growth driver of the Company. Historically the products make the combination of mechanical technology and textile processing know-how their strongpoint  and electronics have become increasingly important in recent years: today the company is able to offer fully automated solutions  capable of responding automatically to changes in weather conditions  and connected to web platforms for remote control. The products are characterized by high production and safety standards: ISO 14001  ISO 9001  ISO 45001  anti-counterfeiting hologram with the GIBUS brand and unique alphanumeric code.Release available on www.emarketstorage.com and www.gibusgroup.comCONTACTSINVESTOR RELATIONSGibus |Alessio Bellin | gibus@gibus.it | T +390498015392IR Top Consulting | Maria Antonietta Pireddu | m.pireddu@irtop.com | T +390245473884MEDIA RELATIONSIR Top Consulting | Domenico Gentile  Antonio Buozzi | ufficiostampa@irtop.com | T +390245473884EURONEXT GROWTH ADVISORBestinver Securities | Donatella Mascia | dmascia@bestinver.es │ T +390236705205",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['EGM Investor Day', 'IR Top Consulting', 'Gibus S', 'high-end Outdoor Design sector', 'main European countries', 'international competitive landscape', 'entire value chain', 'consolidated market share', 'main growth driver', 'unique alphanumeric code', 'EURONEXT GROWTH ADVISOR', 'IR TOP CONSULTING', '30 protected design models', '50 patented technical solutions', 'new quality standards', 'main product lines', 'Luxury High Tech', 'high-endOutdoor Design sector', 'Maria Antonietta Pireddu', 'EGM INVESTOR DAY', 'Italian brand protagonist', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'outdoor sector', 'product design', 'high-end segment', 'Top Management', 'outdoor spaces', 'Investor Relations', 'automated solutions', 'high production', 'safety standards', '9th May', 'Grand Hotel', '19th APRIL', 'financial community', '2022 financial results', 'Alessio Bellin', 'Managing Director', 'Alessandro Manzoni', 'Mandatory registration', 'institutional presentation', 'RE.CA.', 'DACH area', 'R&D', 'technological content', 'greater comfort', 'Bioclimatic Pergolas', 'ZIP Screen', 'textile processing', 'recent years', 'weather conditions', 'web platforms', 'remote control', 'anti-counterfeiting hologram', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Domenico Gentile', 'Antonio Buozzi', 'Bestinver Securities', 'Donatella Mascia', 'bestinver.es', 'GIBUS brand', 'mechanical technology', 'GIBUS ATTENDS', '434 GIBUS Ateliers', 'Italy products', '9:30 a', 'SACCOLONGO', 'PD', 'GBUS', 'company', 'aim', 'event', 'opportunity', 'discussion', 'companies', '2023 trends', 'place', 'RSVP', 'website', 'gibusgroup', 'section', 'ISIN', 'HO.', 'Residential', 'network', 'headquarters', '200 employees', '100% Made', 'presence', 'France', 'key', 'needs', 'use', 'Sustainability', 'level', 'combination', 'strongpoint', 'electronics', 'changes', 'ISO 14001', 'Release', 'CONTACTS']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23371,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RACING-FORCE-S-P-A-129457864/news/Racing-Force-S-p-a-Racing-Force-Group-starts-the-year-with-strong-growth-43547926/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Racing Force S.p.a. :  Racing Force Group starts the year with strong growth,(marketscreener.com)  IN THE FIRST 3 MONTHS REVENUES AT €20.6 MLN Ronco Scrivia   April 20th  2023 - Racing Force S.p.A.  the parent company of Racing Force Group  which is specialized in the development  production  and marketing of safety components for…,"IN THE FIRST 3 MONTHS REVENUES AT €20.6 MLN (+17.3% y/y)Ronco Scrivia (GE  Italy)  April 20th  2023 - Racing Force S.p.A.  the parent company of Racing Force Group  which is specialized in the development  production  and marketing of safety components for motorsports worldwide  listed on the Euronext Growth segment in Milan and Paris  announces consolidated sales figures  not subject to legal audit  for the first quarter of the year:• First quarter 2023 consolidated revenues of €20.6 million  up 17.3% from €17.6 million in the first quarter of 2022 (+ 16.2% at constant exchange rates).The double-digit growth recorded in the first three months of the year is reflected in all geographic areas  with particular emphasis on the macro-areas of EMEA  up 19.6%  and AMER  up 17.1% compared to the same period of last year.In terms of product categories  Driver's Equipment represents the main segment (70% of total sales in the first quarter)  up 15.7% compared to Q1 22  thanks to the increase recorded in all the main racewear products offered by the Group. The turnover of Car Parts signed a slight decrease (-7%) compared to the particularly positive first quarter of 2022  while the Other segment recorded strong triple-digit growth (+193.6%)  mainly due to the sales of Racing Spirit brand  following the acquisition of the entire project by the Group during the previous year.Dealers are confirmed as the main sales channel for the Group  accounting for 64% of total sales in the first quarter of the year  up 16.4% compared to Q1 22. Furthermore  there was a strong increase in revenues from Team & Car Manufacturers (+45.9%)  due to important partnership agreements signed by the Group  while the decrease in sales from Others (-9.5%) was mainly due to a one-off supply made in 2022 to a customer outside Motorsport.Roberto Ferroggiaro  Chief Financial Officer of Racing Force Group  commented:""The results of the first three months of the year confirm the Group's growth path within Motorsport at a global level. In a complex economic and financial scenario characterized by persistent uncertainty  the breadth of our offer and the quality of our products  increasingly appreciated by the market  have allowed us to achieve record results also in the first quarter of 2023. We are working on an ambitious investment plan  to increase production capacity and further improve customer service  and we are thrilled to have started the year with strong growth"".This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: m5txZsVrYmqay2tqaZdob5aXnJhil2KWZmWWxJJwa5mWb5yRlJlqZ5mbZnBqmWln- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Quarterly financial reporting:- First quarter financial report Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79441-rfg-pr-q12023-eng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Racing Force S.', 'Racing Force Group', 'strong growth', 'year', 'Racing Force S.p.A.', 'First quarter financial report', 'Racing Spirit brand', 'constant exchange rates', 'important partnership agreements', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'ambitious investment plan', 'Quarterly financial reporting', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'Racing Force Group', 'first three months', 'consolidated sales figures', 'positive first quarter', 'Euronext Growth segment', 'strong triple-digit growth', 'main racewear products', 'main sales channel', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'FIRST 3 MONTHS', 'main segment', 'financial scenario', 'strong growth', 'double-digit growth', 'growth path', 'Other segment', 'Ronco Scrivia', 'safety components', 'legal audit', 'geographic areas', 'particular emphasis', 'same period', 'product categories', 'total sales', 'Car Parts', 'entire project', 'Car Manufacturers', 'one-off supply', 'Roberto Ferroggiaro', 'global level', 'complex economic', 'persistent uncertainty', 'Regulated information', 'strong increase', 'parent company', 'slight decrease', 'record results', 'production capacity', 'customer service', 'last year', 'previous year', 'Italy', 'April', 'development', 'marketing', 'motorsports', 'Milan', 'Paris', 'revenues', 'macro-areas', 'EMEA', 'AMER', 'terms', 'Driver', 'Equipment', 'Q1', 'turnover', 'acquisition', 'Dealers', 'Team', 'Others', 'breadth', 'offer', 'quality', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23372,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.thestar.com.my/news/world/2023/04/20/french-protesters-invade-euronext-building-in-anger-over-pension-law,French protesters invade Euronext building in anger over pension law,PARIS (Reuters) - A group of protesters entered offices of stockmarket operator Euronext in Paris' La Defense business district on Thursday  saying big companies must pay up to finance pensions  as part of wider protests against an unpopular raise of the reti…,"PARIS (Reuters) -A group of protesters briefly invaded offices of stockmarket operator Euronext in Paris' La Defense business district on Thursday  saying big companies must pay up to finance pensions  as part of wider protests against a rise in the retirement age.""We are told that there is no money to finance pensions "" said Sud-Rail unionist Fabien Villedieu. But there is ""no need to get the money from the pockets of workers  there is some in the pockets of billionaires.""Waving union flags  the group of a few hundred protesters occupied Euronext's lobby  engulfed in red smoke from flares  and chanted words popular with pension protesters: ""We are here  we are here  even if Macron does not want it we are here.""They also shouted: ""Macron resign!""Earlier this month  similar scenes occurred at Blackrock's Paris offices.At the weekend  Macron signed into law the rise in the retirement age which means citizens must work two years longer  to 64  before receiving their state pension.That was after three months of protests that brought huge crowds onto the streets and at times turned violent. Opinion polls show a vast majority of voters oppose the pension reform.Macron and his government say they want to move on and work on other measures to do with working conditions  law and order  education and health issues.But the protesters in La Defense on Thursday  as well as those who heckled Macron during a visit to France's eastern Alsace region on Wednesday  made clear many were not ready to move on.""We'll continue until the (pension law's) withdrawal "" protesters shouted in La Defense's central square  standing by a banner that read: ""No to the pension reform"".Macron himself faced protests on Thursday during his second public outing since signing the bill into law.While he was visiting a school in the southern French town of Ganges  smiling and taking selfies with pupils  protesters held a few hundred meters away by police also chanted against the pension reform.""There is a bit of everything "" Macron said in the schoolyard  shrugging off the protests. ""There are people who are happy  and people who are not happy.""(Additional reporting by Lucien Libert  Tassilo Hummel  Elizabeth Pineau  Benjamin Mallet; writing by Ingrid Melander; editing by Christina Fincher)",negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,negative,0.03,0.16,0.8,True,English,"['French protesters', 'Euronext building', 'pension law', 'anger', ""Paris' La Defense business district"", 'eastern Alsace region', 'second public outing', 'southern French town', 'Paris offices', 'stockmarket operator', 'big companies', 'retirement age', 'Sud-Rail unionist', 'Fabien Villedieu', 'union flags', 'red smoke', 'similar scenes', 'state pension', 'three months', 'huge crowds', 'Opinion polls', 'vast majority', 'pension reform', 'other measures', 'working conditions', 'health issues', 'central square', 'Additional reporting', 'Lucien Libert', 'Tassilo Hummel', 'Elizabeth Pineau', 'Benjamin Mallet', 'Ingrid Melander', 'Christina Fincher', 'hundred protesters', 'pension protesters', 'wider protests', 'pension law', 'Reuters', 'group', 'Euronext', 'Thursday', 'pensions', 'part', 'rise', 'money', 'pockets', 'workers', 'billionaires', 'lobby', 'flares', 'words', 'Macron', 'Blackrock', 'weekend', 'citizens', 'streets', 'times', 'voters', 'government', 'order', 'education', 'visit', 'France', 'Wednesday', 'withdrawal', 'banner', 'school', 'Ganges', 'selfies', 'pupils', 'police', 'bit', 'everything', 'people', 'editing']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,thestar.com.my
23373,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ipsos-delayed-revenue-positive-momentum-153900770.html,Ipsos: delayed revenue but positive momentum on the order book,Delayed revenue but positive momentum on the order bookOrganic growth: -2.8%Organic growth excluding Covid contracts: +0.6%Organic order book excluding Covid...,IPSOSDelayed revenue but positive momentumon the order bookOrganic growth: -2.8%Organic growth excluding Covid contracts: +0.6%Organic order book excluding Covid contracts: +3.3% picking up during the quarterAnnual outlook confirmedParis  April 20  2023 - First-quarter revenues amounted to 532 million euros  down 2.9% compared with last year. Changes in scope and exchange rates had little impact this quarter (-0.1%). Organic growth was -2.8%. As stated at our 2022 annual results  a tougher first quarter was expected due to strong adverse base effects:The cliff edge end of the large Covid pandemic contracts  which were still generating major revenue in early 2022. Excluding the effect of these contracts  our business grew by 0.6%. As these contracts ended in March 2022  they will no longer have an impact on future quarterly results.The very strong organic growth in the first quarter of 2022 (12.3%)  resulting from the post-pandemic rebound  particularly in the Americas  and a strong performance in China before the 2022 lockdowns.In addition to these base effects  Q1 activity has been adversely affected by two other factors:In a global context of uncertainty  some clients showed a wait-and-see approach to spending in late 2022 and early 2023  in particular certain major Tech clients undergoing reorganization in the United States.China's recovery following the abandonment of the zero-Covid policy has led to strong lag effects between Q1 order book and revenues. In China  revenues declined organically in Q1 by 3.9%  while the order book grew organically by more than 13% between January and March.Given the cyclical nature of our business and the smaller scope of the first quarter  revenue growth in this quarter is not representative of growth for the year. Meanwhile  the order book at the end of March  which historically represents more than half of the year's revenues  is showing good momentum. Excluding Covid contracts  it has been picking up over the last few months  with organic growth of 3.3% at the end of the first quarter and 6.4% for the month of March alone.Story continuesRevenue in the first quarter of 2023 is the Group's second-best ever performance and demonstrates the resilience of the Ipsos model over the long term: Q1 2023 organic growth was up 9% compared to Q1 2021 and up 25% compared to Q1 2019.Revenue by quarter(millions of euros) 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 1st Quarter 532.0 547.8 466.3 428.7 422.1 2nd Quarter 574.0 527.0 357.3 481.3 3rd Quarter 601.5 526.3 468.6 499.4 4th Quarter 682.1 627.1 582.9 600.5 Total - 2 405.3 2 146.7 1 837.4 2 003.3PERFORMANCE BY REGIONIn millions of Euros Revenue Q1 2023 Contribution ChangeQ1 2023/Q1 2022 Organic growth Reminder: Organic growthQ1 2022 vs. Q1 2021 EMEA 229.8 43% -8.7% -6% 5% Americas 211.6 40% 5.0% 1% 22% Asia-Pacific 90.6 17% -4.1% -2% 15% Annual revenue 532.0 100% -2.9% -2.8% 12.3 %By region  our activity in EMEA showed an organic decline of 6%  adversely affected  as expected  by the effects of the war in Ukraine and the end of the major Covid contracts which were concentrated in this region. Excluding the effect of these contracts  underlying organic activity grew by more than 1%.Organic growth in the Americas was 1%. This reflects the contrasting realities of a very strong performance in Latin America (organic growth of over 9%) and a generally stable activity in North America  where after an excellent year in 2022 (22% organic growth over the region)  the restructuring by some Big Tech clients has temporarily weighed on Q1 results. That said  in the United States  the improvement in our order book (3.3% organic growth in Q1) and the excellent performance of our Data Analytics and Ipsos.Digital businesses give us confidence for the coming months.While India continues to show very positive momentum  with organic growth of over 20%  business in Asia-Pacific - with an organic decline of 2% - continued to suffer at the beginning of the year from the effects of the zero-Covid policy in China. The end of the lockdowns has already resulted in an upturn in our order book (organic growth of over 13% in the first quarter)  which will translate into revenues in the coming quarters.PERFORMANCE BY AUDIENCEIn millions of Euros RevenueQ1 2023 Contribution Organic growth vs.Q1 2022 Reminder: Organic growthQ1 2022 vs. Q1 2021 Consumers1 251.0 47% 1% 20% Clients and employees2 117.3 22% 0% 17% Citizens3 85.9 16% -13% -7% Doctors and patients4 77.9 15% -5% 11% Annual revenue 532.0 100% -2.8% 12.3%Breakdown of Service Lines by audience segment:1- Brand Health Tracking  Creative Excellence  Innovation  Ipsos UU  Ipsos MMA  Market Strategy & Understanding  Observer (excluding public sector)  Social Intelligence Analytics  Strategy32- Automotive & Mobility Development  Audience Measurement  Customer Experience  Channel Performance (including Mystery Shopping and Shopper)  Media Development  ERM  Capabilities3- Public Affairs  Corporate Reputation4- Pharma (quantitative and qualitative)Our clients and employees and consumers research activities remained broadly stable after a very strong performance last year. While reorganizations at Big Tech clients have weighed on performance  measuring and understanding consumer behaviors remains essential for our clients  as evidenced by the strong performance of our brand health tracking  customer experience and marketing management analytics activities. Our Ipsos.Digital platform also continues to expand rapidly with 36% growth in Q1.Our citizens research for government and the public sector decreased by 13%  reflecting the end of the large Covid contracts in March last year. However  the underlying work for the Public Sector grew by 8% (organic)  showing the continued need of governments and institutions to inform public policy decisions as effectively as possible with reliable data.Finally  our business with doctors and patients is down by 5%  again after a very good year in 2022  partly due to delays in decision-making by certain major clients in the pharmaceutical industry.OTHER INFORMATION ABOUT BUSINESS CONDITIONS DURING THE FIRST QUARTERThe productivity gains linked to the automation and digitization of our processes are enabling us to secure our operating margin target for the year.Net debt at March 31  2023 was EUR 23 million (compared to EUR 69 million at December 31  2022)  which includes share buybacks for a total of EUR 33 million since January 1.OUTLOOKWhile we are subject to the vagaries of global uncertainties and despite the tough comparison with Q1 2022  we remain confident in our ability to achieve organic growth of around 5% and an operating margin of around 13% this year.After a wait-and-see period  particularly in the United States  and the end of the zero-Covid policy in China  our order book at the end of March  excluding Covid contracts  picked up during the first quarter and grew organically by 3.3%. It represents 53% of our budget for 2023  a level comparable to the average of recent years.We are continuing to deploy our 2025 strategic plan ‘The Heart of Science and Data’. We have identified interesting acquisition targets in the public affairs  healthcare and technology sectors  particularly in the United States. An update on our plan will be presented at the Investor Day on June 14.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally  operating in 90 markets and employing nearly 20 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 business solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.“Game Changers” – our tagline – summarizes our ambition to help our 5 000 clients navigate with confidence our rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FP www.ipsos.comAttachment,positive,0.67,0.04,0.29,mixed,0.37,0.13,0.51,True,English,"['positive momentum', 'order book', 'Ipsos', 'revenue', '1- Brand Health Tracking', 'Corporate Reputation 4- Pharma', 'large Covid pandemic contracts', 'strong adverse base effects', 'two other factors', 'Social Intelligence Analytics', 'future quarterly results', 'strong lag effects', 'Ipsos.Digital businesses', 'Big Tech clients', 'major Tech clients', 'Organic growth Reminder', 'major Covid contracts', 'underlying organic activity', 'strong organic growth', 'tougher first quarter', 'Organic order book', 'Q1 order book', 'Data Analytics', 'strong performance', '2022 annual results', '22% organic growth', 'major revenue', 'organic decline', 'positive momentum', 'Annual outlook', 'exchange rates', 'post-pandemic rebound', 'global context', 'United States', 'zero-Covid policy', 'cyclical nature', 'good momentum', 'Ipsos model', 'long term', 'contrasting realities', 'Latin America', 'stable activity', 'North America', 'coming quarters', 'Service Lines', 'Creative Excellence', 'Ipsos UU', 'Ipsos MMA', 'Market Strategy', 'public sector', 'Mobility Development', 'Customer Experience', 'Mystery Shopping', 'Media Development', 'Public Affairs', '1st Quarter', '2nd Quarter', '3rd Quarter', '4th Quarter', 'Q1 results', 'audience segment', 'Audience Measurement', 'revenue growth', 'excellent performance', 'Channel Performance', 'Annual revenue', '532 million euros', 'little impact', 'smaller scope', 'Contribution Change', 'coming months', 'excellent year', 'Q1 activity', 'First-quarter revenues', 'edge end', 'Euros Revenue', 'last year', 'Q1 2023', 'Paris', 'April', 'Changes', 'March', 'Americas', 'China', '2022 lockdowns', 'addition', 'uncertainty', 'wait', 'approach', 'late', 'reorganization', 'recovery', 'abandonment', 'January', 'half', 'Story', 'Group', 'best', 'resilience', 'millions', 'REGION', 'EMEA', 'Asia-Pacific', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'restructuring', 'improvement', 'confidence', 'India', 'beginning', 'upturn', 'Consumers1', 'employees2', 'Citizens3', 'Doctors', 'patients4', 'Breakdown', 'Innovation', 'Understanding', 'Observer', 'Strategy3', 'Automotive', 'Shopper', 'Capabilities', 'qualitative', '0.']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23374,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/20/2651375/0/en/Sogeclair-Combined-General-Meeting-of-May-11th-2023-Availability-of-preparatory-documents.html,Sogeclair: Combined General Meeting of May 11th 2023 - Availability of preparatory documents,Blagnac  April 20st 2023  COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF MAY 11  2023AVAILABILITY OF PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS  The company's shareholders are invited to...,English FrenchBlagnac  April 20st 2023COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF MAY 11  2023AVAILABILITY OF PREPARATORY DOCUMENTSThe company's shareholders are invited to attend the Combined General Meeting to be held on May 11  2023 at 10:00 a.m. at the company's headquarters  Zone aéroportuaire  7  avenue Albert Durand  31700 Blagnac.The prior notice including the agenda and the draft resolutions was published in the BALO (Gazette of Obligatory Legal Announcements) n°41 of April 5  2023 and the notice of meeting will be published in the BALO of April 24  2023 and in a legal gazette (La Dépêche du Midi) on April 2 4   202 3 .The preparatory documents for the Shareholder’s Meeting as defined in Article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code are posted on the company's website (www.sogeclair.com).Company Shareholders can also get the Shareholders’ meeting documents starting from the convening date. Thus  in accordance with the applicable law and regulations:- any registered shareholder may  until the 5th (included) day prior to the shareholders’ meeting  request the company to send him/her the documents referred to in Articles R.225-81 and R.225-83 of the French Commercial Code  if necessary at his/her express request by electronic means. For holders of bearer shares  the exercise of this right is subject to the submittal of a certificate of participation in the register of bearer shares that is held by the approved register holder;- any shareholder may consult the documents referred to in Articles L. 225-115 and R. 225-83 of the French Commercial Code at the company's registered office.Next announcement: turnover for Q1 2023  on May 3rd 2023 after closing of the Stock MarketAbout SOGECLAIRSupplier of innovative  high added-value solutions for safer and more efficient mobility  SOGECLAIR brings its skills in high-quality engineering and production to a broad range of cutting-edge sectors  notably aeronautics  space  vehicle  rail and defense. Supporting its customers and partners from the design and simulation stages through to the end of the product’s lifetime  all along the production chain through to entry into service  the collaborators are working worldwide to offer a high quality  proximity service to all its customers.SOGECLAIR is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment C – Indice Euronext® Family Business -Code ISIN: FR0000065864 / (Reuters SCLR.PA – Bloomberg SOG.FP)Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'preparatory documents', 'May', 'Availability', 'La Dépêche du Midi', 'innovative, high added-value solutions', 'Indice Euronext® Family Business', 'Obligatory Legal Announcements', 'French Commercial Code', 'COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'English French Blagnac', 'Shareholders’ meeting documents', 'Euronext Paris', 'Albert Durand', 'draft resolutions', 'legal gazette', 'convening date', 'applicable law', 'express request', 'electronic means', 'bearer shares', 'registered office', 'Next announcement', 'Stock Market', 'efficient mobility', 'high-quality engineering', 'broad range', 'cutting-edge sectors', 'simulation stages', 'Compartment C', 'Reuters SCLR', 'Bloomberg SOG', 'PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS', 'prior notice', 'Article R.', 'register holder', 'Articles L.', 'production chain', 'proximity service', 'registered shareholder', 'Company Shareholders', '31700 Blagnac', 'April', 'MAY', 'AVAILABILITY', '10:00 a', 'headquarters', 'Zone', 'avenue', 'agenda', 'BALO', 'website', 'accordance', 'regulations', '5th', 'exercise', 'right', 'submittal', 'certificate', 'participation', 'turnover', 'Q1', 'closing', 'SOGECLAIR', 'safer', 'skills', 'aeronautics', 'space', 'vehicle', 'rail', 'defense', 'customers', 'partners', 'design', 'lifetime', 'entry', 'collaborators', 'ISIN', 'FP', 'Attachment']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,globenewswire.com
23375,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-FONCIERE-LYONNAIS-5197/news/Societe-Fonciere-Lyonnaise-SFL-ndash-First-Quarter-2023-Financial-Information-43594514/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Societe Fonciere Lyonnaise : SFL – First-Quarter 2023 Financial Information,(marketscreener.com)    Press Release   Paris  20 April 2023   SFL - First-Quarter 2023 Financial Information   Rental income: €54.3 million    Consolidated revenue by business segment      ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOC…,Press ReleaseBusiness indicatorsIn the first quarter of 2023  SFL signed leases on nearly 11 000 square metres of exclusively office space  of which nearly 75% consisted of lease renewals with existing tenants. The average nominal rent for these new office leases increased to €731 per sq.m.  corresponding to an effective rent of €613 per sq.m.  for an average non-cancellable period of 10.3 years. These lease terms attest to the attractiveness of the Group's properties.The physical occupancy rate for revenue-generating properties remained at a historic high of 99.3% as of 31 March 2023 (vs 99.5% as of 31 December 2022)  while the EPRA vacancy rate was 0.6%.No properties were purchased or sold during the first quarter of 2023; however  an agreement for the sale of the 6 Hanovre building was signed in January 2022  and contracts were exchanged on 11 April 2023.FinancingSFL's consolidated net debt at 31 March 2023 amounted to €2 441 million  compared with €2 438 million at 31 December 2022  representing a loan-to-value ratio of 27.7% based on the portfolio's appraisal value at 31 December 2022. The average cost of debt after hedging was 1.8% and the average maturity was 4.1 years. At 31 March 2023  the interest coverage ratio stood at 3.8x.The Company's liquidity position at 31 March 2023 was excellent  with €1 340 million in undrawn confirmed lines of credit.About SFLLeader in the prime segment of the Parisian commercial real estate market  Société Foncière Lyonnaise stands out for the quality of its property portfolio  which is valued at €8.2 billion and is focused on the Central Business District of Paris (#cloud.paris  Edouard VII  Washington Plaza  etc.)  and for the quality of its client portfolio  which is composed of prestigious companies in the consulting  media  digital  luxury  finance and insurance sectors. As France's oldest property company  SFL demonstrates year after year an unwavering commitment to its strategy focused on creating a high value in use for users and  ultimately  substantial appraisal values for its properties.Stock market: Euronext Paris Compartment A - Euronext Paris ISIN FR0000033409 - Bloomberg: FLY FP -,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['Societe Fonciere Lyonnaise', 'First-Quarter 2023 Financial Information', 'SFL', 'Société Foncière Lyonnaise', 'Parisian commercial real estate market', 'physical occupancy rate', 'EPRA vacancy rate', 'average non-cancellable period', 'interest coverage ratio', 'Central Business District', 'substantial appraisal values', 'average nominal rent', 'oldest property company', 'new office leases', 'Euronext Paris Compartment', 'Stock market', 'Business indicators', 'office space', 'effective rent', 'value ratio', 'average cost', 'average maturity', 'The Company', 'property portfolio', 'Press Release', 'first quarter', '11,000 square metres', 'lease renewals', 'existing tenants', 'lease terms', 'historic high', '6 Hanovre building', 'liquidity position', 'prime segment', 'cloud.paris', 'Edouard VII', 'Washington Plaza', 'prestigious companies', 'luxury, finance', 'insurance sectors', 'unwavering commitment', 'high value', 'FLY FP', 'client portfolio', 'net debt', 'revenue-generating properties', 'SFL', '10.3 years', 'attractiveness', 'Group', '31 March', '31 December', 'agreement', 'sale', 'January', 'contracts', '11 April', 'Financing', 'hedging', '4.1 years', 'lines', 'credit', 'Leader', 'quality', 'France', 'strategy', 'use', 'Bloomberg', '2023']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23376,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOGECLAIR-S-A-5081/news/Sogeclair-Combined-General-Meeting-of-May-11th-2023-Availability-of-preparatory-documents-43594449/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Sogeclair: Combined General Meeting of May 11th 2023 - Availability of preparatory documents,(marketscreener.com) Blagnac  April 20st 2023 COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF MAY 11  2023AVAILABILITY OF PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS The company's shareholders are invited to attend the Combined General Meeting to be held on May 11  2023 at 10:00 a.m. at the company's…,Blagnac  April 20st 2023COMBINED GENERAL MEETING OF MAY 11  2023AVAILABILITY OF PREPARATORY DOCUMENTSThe company's shareholders are invited to attend the Combined General Meeting to be held on May 11  2023 at 10:00 a.m. at the company's headquarters  Zone aéroportuaire  7  avenue Albert Durand  31700 Blagnac.The prior notice including the agenda and the draft resolutions was published in the BALO (Gazette of Obligatory Legal Announcements) n°41 of April 5  2023 and the notice of meeting will be published in the BALO of April 24  2023 and in a legal gazette (La Dépêche du Midi) on April 2 4   202 3 .The preparatory documents for the Shareholder’s Meeting as defined in Article R. 22-10-23 of the French Commercial Code are posted on the company's website (www.sogeclair.com).Company Shareholders can also get the Shareholders’ meeting documents starting from the convening date. Thus  in accordance with the applicable law and regulations:- any registered shareholder may  until the 5th (included) day prior to the shareholders’ meeting  request the company to send him/her the documents referred to in Articles R.225-81 and R.225-83 of the French Commercial Code  if necessary at his/her express request by electronic means. For holders of bearer shares  the exercise of this right is subject to the submittal of a certificate of participation in the register of bearer shares that is held by the approved register holder;- any shareholder may consult the documents referred to in Articles L. 225-115 and R. 225-83 of the French Commercial Code at the company's registered office.Next announcement: turnover for Q1 2023  on May 3rd 2023 after closing of the Stock MarketAbout SOGECLAIRSupplier of innovative  high added-value solutions for safer and more efficient mobility  SOGECLAIR brings its skills in high-quality engineering and production to a broad range of cutting-edge sectors  notably aeronautics  space  vehicle  rail and defense. Supporting its customers and partners from the design and simulation stages through to the end of the product’s lifetime  all along the production chain through to entry into service  the collaborators are working worldwide to offer a high quality  proximity service to all its customers.SOGECLAIR is listed on Euronext Paris – Compartment C – Indice Euronext® Family Business -Code ISIN: FR0000065864 / (Reuters SCLR.PA – Bloomberg SOG.FP)Contacts: Philippe ROBARDEY  President & CEO / Olivier PEDRON  Chief Officer Operating / +33(0)5 61 71 70 33Press contact: Louise-Marie THABARD / SOGECLAIR Communication / louise-marie.thabard@sogeclair.com / +336 75 95 12 20Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'preparatory documents', 'May', 'Availability', 'La Dépêche du Midi', 'innovative, high added-value solutions', 'Indice Euronext® Family Business', 'Chief Officer Operating', 'Obligatory Legal Announcements', 'French Commercial Code', 'COMBINED GENERAL MEETING', 'Shareholders’ meeting documents', 'Euronext Paris', 'Albert Durand', 'draft resolutions', 'legal gazette', 'convening date', 'applicable law', 'express request', 'electronic means', 'bearer shares', 'registered office', 'Next announcement', 'Stock Market', 'efficient mobility', 'high-quality engineering', 'broad range', 'cutting-edge sectors', 'simulation stages', 'Compartment C', 'Reuters SCLR', 'Bloomberg SOG', 'Philippe ROBARDEY', 'Olivier PEDRON', 'Press contact', 'PREPARATORY DOCUMENTS', 'prior notice', 'Article R.', 'register holder', 'Articles L.', 'production chain', 'proximity service', 'Louise-Marie THABARD', 'registered shareholder', 'SOGECLAIR Communication', 'Company Shareholders', 'Blagnac', 'April', 'MAY', 'AVAILABILITY', '10:00 a', 'headquarters', 'Zone', 'avenue', 'agenda', 'BALO', 'website', 'accordance', 'regulations', '5th', 'exercise', 'right', 'submittal', 'certificate', 'participation', 'turnover', 'Q1', 'closing', 'safer', 'skills', 'aeronautics', 'space', 'vehicle', 'rail', 'defense', 'customers', 'partners', 'design', 'lifetime', 'entry', 'collaborators', 'ISIN', 'FP', 'Contacts', 'President', 'CEO', 'Attachment']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23377,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/first-quarter-2023-sales-050000284.html,FIRST-QUARTER 2023 SALES,FIRST-QUARTER 2023 SALES Strong start to the year with same-day sales up +10.1%  driven by both volume and price increasesQuarter boosted by sustainable...,"REXELFIRST-QUARTER 2023 SALESStrong start to the year with same-day sales up +10.1%  driven by both volume and price increasesQuarter boosted by sustainable electrification trends across the groupFY 2023 guidance confirmed→ Sales of €4 927.9m in Q1 2023  up +10.1% on a same-day basisPositive trends in all geographies  benefiting from strong demand in energy transition activitiesElectrification products represented c.22% of Group revenues and grew by c.+31% in the quarter  c.560bps contribution to Group sales→ Same-day sales growth supported by both volume increase (410bps contribution) and increased selling prices (604bps including -60bps on copper-based cable products)→ Sales up +12.6% on reported basis  benefiting from a favorable calendar effect (+1.0%) and scope effect (+0.5%) with positive impact from acquired companies more than offsetting disposal effects→ Digital sales represented 27.4% of total sales in Q1  up +320 bps→ FY 2023 guidance confirmedKey figures (€m) Q1 2023 YoY change Sales on a reported basis 4 927.9 +12.6% On a constant and actual-day basis +11.1% On a constant and same-day basis +10.1% Same-day sales growth by geography Europe 2 526.4 +12.7% France 973.6 +10.8% Benelux 316.6 +12.5% Scandinavia 286.6 +17.4% Germany 282.4 +22.7% UK 220.8 +2.7% North America 2 072.2 +8.7% US 1 705.3 +8.6% Canada 366.9 +9.3% Asia-Pacific 329.3 +1.3% Australia 143.6 +9.1% China 137.4 (3.5) %Guillaume TEXIER  Chief Executive Officer  said:“Rexel has gotten off to a good start this year  with double-digit growth in sales  driven by positive trends in all geographies and solid increases both in volumes and in prices  reflecting the excellent work of our teams across the Group. Growth was also supported by powerful electrification trends. We continue to see high and growing demand in all geographies for energy efficiency and electricity generation solutions  electrification usages and industrial automation. These trends are supported by several drivers  including government stimulus plans and regulations  corporate energy transition agendas and general concerns from our customers over the price of energy and its availability. This strong and resilient electrification tailwind allows us to confirm our full-year 2023 guidance.”SALES REVIEW FOR THE PERIOD ENDED MARCH 31  2023Unless otherwise stated  all comments are on a constant and adjusted basis and  for sales  at same number of working days.Story continuesSALESIn Q1  sales were up +12.6% year-on-year on a reported basis and +10.1% on a constant and same-day basis  reflecting positive momentum in all three geographies.Key figures (€m) Q1 2023 YoY change Sales on a reported basis 4 927.9 +12.6% On a constant and actual-day basis +11.1% On a constant and same-day basis +10.1%In the first quarter 2023  Rexel posted sales of €4 927.9m   up +12.6% on a reported basis  including:A positive currency effect of €32.3 million (i.e. +0.7% of Q1 2022 sales)  mainly due to the appreciation of the US dollar against the euroA positive net scope effect of €23.9 million (i.e. +0.5% of Q1 2022 sales) from our active portfolio management  with favorable impacts from acquired companies offsetting disposals. Acquisitions of Horizon and Buckles-Smith  two specialists of Industrial Automation distribution in the US  as well as Trilec  the number 3 player in Belgium  and LTL in Canada  contributing to the positive scope effect Disposal effects reflecting the sale of Rexel’s activities in Spain and Norway (closing completed ahead of schedule on March 1 st )  as well as of activities in Portugal and Russia  to a lesser extentA positive calendar effect of +1.0%.On a constant and same-day basis  sales were up +10.1%  as a result of:An excellent performance in Europe and North America on more difficult base effects  offsetting lower growth in Asia-Pacific.Strong underlying trends from electrification and growing demand for energy efficiency solutions  boosted by government subsidies and corporate agendas  as illustrated by the growth of product categories such as PV  EV  Industrial Automation or HVAC  which grew by c. +31% in Q1  above Group average  and represented c.22% of sales. This more than offset signs of slowdown in the new residential component of our end demand.A favorable pricing environment for non-cable products (6.6% contribution in the quarter)  resulting from a carryover effect of price increases passed in 2022 and an additional rise recorded in the beginning of 2023.A slightly negative copper-cable pricing contribution ((0.6)% in Q1 2023 vs 4.1% in Q1 2022) resulting from lower copper prices in Q1 23 compared to Q1 22. Assuming copper prices remain unchanged  we anticipate a more favorable copper cable contribution in H2 23.Further growth in digitalization in all three geographies  with digital sales now representing 27.4% of sales  up 320bps compared to Q1 2022. Trends were positive in Europe (37.3% of sales  an increase of +183bps)  North America (18.8% of sales  an increase of +436bps) and Asia-Pacific (5.8% of sales  up +126bps).Europe (51% of Group sales): +12.7% in Q1 on a constant and same-day basisIn the first quarter  sales in Europe increased by +10.6% on a reported basis  including:A negative currency effect of (0.8)%  or €(18.3) million  mainly due to the depreciation of the British pound and the Swedish Krona against the euroA negative scope effect of (2.3)%  or €(53.0) million  mainly resulting from the disposal of our activities in Russia  Spain & Portugal in 2022 and Norway in 2023On a constant and same-day basis  sales were up +12.7%  including a positive volume contribution of 4.3% and a price effect of +8.3% (including 0.3% contribution from copper-based cable prices in the quarter).Key figures (€m) Q1 2023 YoY change Europe 2 526.4 +12.7% France 973.6 +10.8% Benelux 316.6 +12.5% Scandinavia 286.6 +17.4% Germany 282.4 +22.7% UK 220.8 +2.7%In Europe  electrification trends continued to support our growth  with our three product families (solar  EV charging infrastructure and HVAC) growing by +57% (contributing for 770bps of same-day sales growth in Europe in Q1 23) and representing 19% of sales. Germany  Benelux and Sweden were the biggest beneficiaries of sustained electrification growth in the region.Sales in France (39% of the region’s sales) were up +10.8%  outperforming the market  with positive trends in all markets except in the traditional ED business in residential. We saw positive momentum in HVAC and Solar activities.Benelux (13% of the region’s sales) grew by +12.5%  with a good performance in Belux and Netherlands. More specifically  Solar  HVAC and EV infrastructure remain the key growth drivers in the Netherlands.Sales in Scandinavia (11% of the region’s sales) were up +17.4% with accelerating trends in electrification  notably in Sweden (Solar).Sales in Germany (11% of the region’s sales) posted strong +22.7% growth  with further market share gains  supported by the residential & commercial markets. Residential was again boosted by solar demand.In the UK (9% of the region’s sales)  sales increased by +2.7%  on a difficult comparable base due to the lower revenues generated in the quarter with the Department of Education (school air filtration and CO 2 equipment - contribution of -270bps in Q1 23). Underlying growth was supported by favorable trends in industry.North America (42% of Group sales): +8.7% in Q1 on a constant and same-day basisIn the first quarter  sales in North America increased by +17.4% on a reported basis  including:A positive currency effect of +3.3%  or €58.0 million  due to the appreciation of the US dollar against the euroA positive scope effect of +4.4%  or €76.9 million  from the acquisition of Horizon Solutions and Buckles-Smith in the US as well as LTL in Canada.On a constant and same-day basis  sales were up +8.7%  including +4.6% from volume growth and +4.1% from price effect (including (1.7)% contribution from copper-based cable prices in the quarter).Key figures (€m) Q1 2023 YoY change North America 2 072.2 +8.7% United States 1 705.3 +8.6% Gulf Central +25.7% Mountain Plains +23.7% Midwest +18.9% California +16.5% Northeast +10.8% Florida +8.9% Northwest +2.2% Southeast (0.7) % Canada 366.9 +9.3%In North America  electrification trends continued to support our growth  with our four product families (solar  EV charging infrastructure  HVAC and industrial automation) growing by c.+19% (contributing for 370bps of same-day sales growth in North America in Q1 23) and representing c. 22% of sales.In the US (82% of the region’s sales)  sales posted solid +8.6% growth on a same-day basis  driven by robust demand in our diversified Commercial and Industrial end-markets  offsetting the declining trend in residential activity and the more difficult base effect in the Southeast. Rexel’s Industrial automation business grew in double digits Rexel was awarded a multi-year U.S. Postal Service contract for the supply of up to 41 500 electric vehicle charging stations.In Canada (18% of the region’s sales)  sales grew by +9.3% on a same-day basis. The robust growth in Q1 was largely driven by diversified industrial segments such as mining  transportation  OEM  farm & food  sawmills…Stable backlogs in North America at end-March 2023 compared to end-December 2022  reflecting good project execution and robust underlying order intake in the quarter.Smooth integration of recently-acquired companies: Buckles-Smith and Horizon in the US as well as LTL in Canada.Asia-Pacific (7% of Group sales): +1.3% in Q1 on a constant and same-day basisIn the first quarter  sales in Asia-Pacific were up +0.4% on a reported basis  including:A negative currency effect of (2.3)%  or €(7.4) million  mainly due to the depreciation of the Chinese renminbi and the Australian dollar against the euroA neutral scope effectOn a constant and same-day basis  sales were up +1.3%  including a slight (0.5)% volume decline and +1.8% price effect (including 0.1% contribution from copper-based cable prices in the quarter).Key figures (€m) Q1 2023 YoY change Asia-Pacific 329.3 +1.3% Australia 143.6 +9.1% China 137.4 (3.5) %In the Pacific (52% of the region’s sales)  sales were up +8.0% on a constant and same-day basis. More specifically: In Australia (83% of Pacific’s sales)  sales increased by +9.1%  with good volume growth driven by Industrial and  to a lesser extent  Commercial. Solar activity remained supportive.In Asia (48% of the region’s sales)  sales decreased by (5.1)% on a constant and same-day basis: In China (87% of Asia’s sales)  sales were down (3.5)% due to increased business selectivity in a favorable business environment.FY 2023 OUTLOOKLeveraging our transformation and enhanced efficiency  we target for 2023  at comparable scope of consolidation and exchange rates:Same-day sales growth of between 2% and 6%An adjusted EBITA 1 margin of between 6.3% and 6.7%Free cash flow conversion2 above 60%1 Excluding (i) amortization of PPA and (ii) the non-recurring effect related to changes in copper-based cable prices.2 FCF Before interest and tax/EBITDAaLNB: The estimated impacts per quarter of (i) calendar effects by geography  (ii) changes in the consolidation scope and (iii) currency fluctuations (based on assumptions of average rates over the rest of the year for the Group's main currencies) are detailed in appendix 2.CALENDARMay 9  2023 Detachment date of the dividendMay 11  2023 Dividend Payment of €1.20 per share (issue premium)July 28  2023 First-half 2023 resultsFINANCIAL INFORMATIONA slideshow of the first quarter 2023 sales is available on the Group’s website.ABOUT REXEL GROUPRexel  worldwide expert in the multichannel professional distribution of products and services for the energy world  addresses three main markets: residential  commercial  and industrial. The Group supports its residential  commercial  and industrial customers by providing a tailored and scalable range of products and services in energy management for construction  renovation  production  and maintenance. Rexel operates through a network of more than 1 900 branches in 21 countries  with more than 26 000 employees. The Group’s sales were €18.7 billion in 2022.Rexel is listed on the Eurolist market of Euronext Paris (compartment A  ticker RXL  ISIN code FR0010451203). It is included in the following indices: CAC Next 20  SBF 120  CAC Large 60  CAC 40 ESG  CAC SBT 1.5 NR  CAC AllTrade  CAC AllShares  FTSE EuroMid  and STOXX600. Rexel is also part of the following SRI indices: FTSE4Good  Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120 and Eurozone 120  STOXX® Global ESG Environmental Leaders  and S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2022  in recognition of its performance in terms of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR).For more information  visit www.rexel.com/en.CONTACTSFINANCIAL ANALYSTS / INVESTORSLudovic DEBAILLEUX +33 1 42 85 76 12 ludovic.debailleux@rexel.comPRESSBrunswick: Thomas KAMM +33 1 53 96 83 92 tkamm@brunswickgroup.comGLOSSARYREPORTED EBITA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes and Amortization) is defined as operating income before amortization of intangible assets recognized upon purchase price allocation and before other income and other expenses.ADJUSTED EBITA is defined as Reported EBITA excluding the estimated non-recurring net impact from changes in copper-based cable prices.EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation and Amortization) is defined as operating income before depreciation and amortization and before other income and other expenses.EBITDAaL is defined as EBITDA after deduction of lease payment following the adoption of IFRS16.RECURRING NET INCOME is defined as net income restated for non-recurring copper effect  other expenses and income  non-recurring financial expenses  net of tax effect associated with the above items.FREE CASH FLOW is defined as cash from operating activities minus net capital expenditure.NET DEBT is defined as financial debt less cash and cash equivalents. Net debt includes debt hedge derivatives.APPENDIXFor appendix  please open the pdf file by clicking on the link at the end of the press release.DISCLAIMERThe Group is exposed to fluctuations in copper prices in connection with its distribution of cable products. Cables accounted for approximately 19% of the Group's sales and copper accounts for approximately 60% of the composition of cables. This exposure is indirect since cable prices also reflect copper suppliers' commercial policies and the competitive environment in the Group's markets. Changes in copper prices have an estimated so-called ""recurring"" effect and an estimated so called ""non-recurring"" effect on the Group's performance assessed as part of the monthly internal reporting process of the Rexel Group: i) the recurring effect related to the change in copper-based cable prices corresponds to the change in value of the copper part included in the sales price of cables from one period to another. This effect mainly relates to the Group’s sales; ii) the non-recurring effect related to the change in copper-based cable prices corresponds to the effect of copper price variations on the sales price of cables between the time they are purchased and the time they are sold  until all such inventory has been sold (direct effect on gross profit). Practically  the non-recurring effect on gross profit is determined by comparing the historical purchase price for copper-based cable and the supplier price effective at the date of the sale of the cables by the Rexel Group. Additionally  the non-recurring effect on EBITA corresponds to the non-recurring effect on gross profit  which may be offset  when appropriate  by the non-recurring portion of changes in the distribution and administrative expenses.The impact of these two effects is assessed for as much of the Group’s total cable sales as possible  over each period. Group procedures require that entities that do not have the information systems capable of such exhaustive calculations to estimate these effects based on a sample representing at least 70% of the sales in the period. The results are then extrapolated to all cables sold during the period for that entity. Considering the sales covered. the Rexel Group considers such estimates of the impact of the two effects to be reasonable.This document may contain statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements. By their nature  they are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including those described in the Universal Registration Document registered with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on March 9  2023 under number D.23-0078. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of Rexel's future performance  Rexel's actual results of operations  financial condition and liquidity as well as development of the industry in which Rexel operates may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this release. The forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this communication and Rexel does not undertake  unless required by law or regulation  to update any of the forward-looking statements after this date to conform such statements to actual results to reflect the occurrence of anticipated results or otherwise.The market and industry data and forecasts included in this document were obtained from internal surveys  estimates  experts and studies  where appropriate  as well as external market research  publicly available information and industry publications. Rexel  its affiliates  directors  officers  advisors and employees have not independently verified the accuracy of any such market and industry data and forecasts and make no representations or warranties in relation thereto. Such data and forecasts are included herein for information purposes only.This document includes only summary information and must be read in conjunction with Rexel’s Universal Registration Document registered with the AMF on March 9  2023 under number D.23-0078  as well as the financial statements and consolidated result and activity report for the 2022 fiscal year which may be obtained from Rexel’s website (www.rexel.com).Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.74,0.14,0.11,True,English,"['FIRST-QUARTER', 'SALES', 'positive scope effect Disposal effects', 'negative copper-cable pricing contribution', 'positive net scope effect', 'favorable copper cable contribution', 'corporate energy transition agendas', 'favorable pricing environment', 'difficult base effects', 'favorable calendar effect', 'positive currency effect', 'positive calendar effect', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'electricity generation solutions', 'active portfolio management', 'new residential component', 'copper-based cable products', 'government stimulus plans', 'PERIOD ENDED MARCH', 'resilient electrification tailwind', 'energy efficiency solutions', 'energy transition activities', 'Industrial Automation distribution', 'YoY change Sales', 'lower copper prices', 'sustainable electrification trends', 'powerful electrification trends', 'Strong underlying trends', 'corporate agendas', 'Same-day sales growth', 'carryover effect', 'Positive trends', 'favorable impacts', 'positive impact', 'positive momentum', '410bps contribution', 'Electrification products', 'March 1 st', 'lower growth', 'government subsidies', 'electrification usages', 'non-cable products', 'Strong start', 'FY 2023 guidance', 'strong demand', 'selling prices', 'Key figures', 'North America', 'Guillaume TEXIER', 'good start', 'double-digit growth', 'solid increases', 'excellent work', 'growing demand', 'several drivers', 'general concerns', 'full-year 2023 guidance', 'same number', 'working days', 'two specialists', 'number 3 player', 'lesser extent', 'excellent performance', 'product categories', 'offset signs', 'end demand', 'additional rise', 'Further growth', 'same-day basis', 'reported basis', 'actual-day basis', 'adjusted basis', 'price increases', 'Digital sales', 'total sales', 'SALES REVIEW', 'Group revenues', 'Group average', 'US dollar', 'three geographies', 'geography Europe', 'first quarter', 'Group sales', 'Q1 2022 sales', 'volume increase', 'REXEL', 'FIRST-QUARTER', 'companies', 'offsetting', 'constant', 'France', 'Benelux', 'Scandinavia', 'Germany', 'UK', 'Canada', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Australia', 'China', 'volumes', 'teams', 'high', 'regulations', 'customers', 'availability', 'comments', 'Story', 'appreciation', 'disposals', 'Acquisitions', 'Horizon', 'Buckles-Smith', 'Trilec', 'Belgium', 'LTL', 'Spain', 'Norway', 'schedule', 'Portugal', 'Russia', 'result', 'PV', 'HVAC', 'slowdown', 'beginning', 'H2', 'digitalization']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23378,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/edenred-first-quarter-2023-revenue-050100681.html,EDENRED : First-quarter 2023 revenue - Edenred starts the year with further strong revenue growth  leveraging its platform advantage to the full,First-quarter 2023 revenue Edenred starts the year with further strong revenue growth  leveraging its platform advantage to the full Edenred begins 2023 with...,EDENREDFirst-quarter 2023 revenueEdenred starts the year with further strong revenue growth  leveraging its platform advantage to the fullEdenred begins 2023 with even stronger revenue growth than in 2022Total revenue of €557 million  up 26.8% as reported (+25.7% like-for-like)First-quarter operating revenue of €519 million  up 21.8% as reported (+20.4% like-for-like) versus first-quarter 2022Double-digit like-for-like revenue growth across all geographies and all business linesOther revenue tripled year-on-year to €38 million from €13 million in first-quarter 2022  driven by both high business volumes and rising interest rates in all regionsDetermined to increase its commitment on climate-related disclosure  Edenred has become an official TCFD1 supporterEdenred is reaping the rewards of the sound execution of its Beyond strategy and the success of its innovation policyEdenred is fully benefiting from its technology investments   which allow it to provide increasingly efficient and user-friendly solutionsFurther strong business momentum   notably among SMEs  in markets that remain largely underpenetrated in the Group’s three business linesEmployee Benefits: increased attractiveness of Ticket Restaurant ® and Beyond Food solutions (employee engagement  mobility) aimed at improving employees’ purchasing powerFleet & Mobility: continued success of the Beyond Fuel offering  notably driven by the innovative and fully digital maintenance and toll management solutions Complementary S olutions : extending Edenred CSI ’s offer through the succe ssful integration of IPSEdenred confirms its targets for 2023:Like-for-like EBITDA growth >+12%Free cash flowithEBITDA conversion rate >70%2***Bertrand Dumazy  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Edenred  said: “Edenred delivered an excellent first quarter this year  continuing the performance achieved in 2022. Our revenue grew by more than 25%  once again proving our ability to closely align our solutions with the changing needs of companies and their employees. In tune with transformations in the working world  our digital specific-purpose payment programs enhance the well-being and purchasing power of users  while improving the attractiveness and efficiency of companies. We can leverage our powerful digital platform to develop or integrate new services  for example in the field of employee engagement with the acquisition of GOintegro. And  thanks to our technology investments  we can ensure our interfaces are particularly easy to use  reliable and ergonomic. After an excellent start to the year  we are confident in our prospects for the rest of 2023.”FIRST-QUARTER 2023 TOTAL REVENUE(in € millions) First-quarter 2023 First-quarter 2022 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Operating revenue 519 426 +21.8% +20.4% Other revenue 38 13 +189.3% +198.4% Total revenue 557 439 +26.8% +25.7%Total revenueStory continuesFor the first quarter of 2023  total revenue amounted to €557 million  up 26.8% as reported compared with first-quarter 2022. This year-on-year increase includes a positive 0.2% currency effect and a positive 0.9% scope effect. On a like-for-like basis  total revenue was up 25.7%.Operating revenueOperating revenue amounted to €519 million in the first quarter of 2023  up 21.8% year-on-year as reported. The currency effect was a positive 0.6% and the scope effect was a positive 0.8%. On a like-for-like basis  operating revenue rose by 20.4%.This strong revenue performance is in line with the sustained pace of growth recorded in 2022  with all of the Group’s business lines and regions once again advancing steadily in the double digits. More generally  the quarterly performance reflects Edenred’s ability to fully leverage its unique platform advantage by rolling out its Beyond 22-25 strategic plan.In addition  amid reduced purchasing power  a talent war and the need for better control of fleet expenses  Edenred continued to benefit from the increased attractiveness of its solutions. Bolstered by these trends  business momentum remained strong in the first quarter among new and existing clients of all sizes  who were won over by the Group’s wide range of innovative solutions  including the new  comprehensive and fully digital Edenred UTA One next® toll solution recently launched in Europe.Operating revenue by business line(in € millions) First-quarter 2023 First-quarter 2022 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Employee Benefits 317 256 +23.7% +22.9% Fleet & Mobility Solutions 136 117 +16.1% +15.6% Complementary Solutions 66 53 +25.4% +18.7% Total 519 426 +21.8% +20.4%Operating revenue for the Employee Benefits business line  which accounts for 61% of the Group’s total operating revenue  was €317 million in first-quarter 2023  up 23.7% year-on-year as reported (+22.9% like-for-like).This robust growth is in line with the performance achieved in the fourth quarter of 2022. In particular  it reflects the good business momentum in the Ticket Restaurant® offering  fueled by numerous client wins  notably in the SME segment. Growth also benefited from the increase in maximum face value decided by governments in some of the countries where Edenred operates. These increases enable companies to boost their employees’ purchasing power by raising the value of the benefits they award. Lastly  performance was driven by the growing success of Beyond Food solutions  such as employee engagement platforms  which continue to enjoy high commercial demand. In this area  Edenred announced the acquisition of GOintegro  a leading provider of engagement  reward & recognition and well-being solutions in Latin America  thereby expanding its Employee Benefits offering in the region.In the Fleet & Mobility Solutions business line  which represents 26% of the Group’s total operating revenue  first-quarter 2023 operating revenue amounted to €136 million  up 16.1% year-on-year as reported (+15.6% like-for-like).This growth reflects the solid momentum of Beyond Fuel solutions  both in Europe through toll solutions and in Latin America through maintenance management solutions  which continued to be rolled out in Mexico and Argentina. In addition  electric vehicle charging solutions in Europe  in partnership with ChargePoint  proved increasingly popular among fleet managers  whom Edenred is helping to gradually transition to electric powertrains. First-quarter growth was nonetheless held back by lower fuel prices at the pump compared with first-quarter 2022.The Complementary Solutions business line  which includes Corporate Payment Services  Incentive & Rewards and Public Social Programs  generated operating revenue of €66 million in first-quarter 2023  representing 13% of the Group total. Business line operating revenue was up 25.4% as reported (+18.7% like-for-like) compared with the first quarter of 2022.This growth reflects the solid performance of Edenred CSI-operated Corporate Payment Services in North America  which enjoyed sustained business momentum over the period  notably driven by new contract wins in the property management and golf club segments. The integration of IPS also continued apace  enabling Edenred CSI to add invoice automation to its range of services for clients.Operating revenue by region(in € millions) First-quarter 2023 First-quarter 2022 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Europe 324 270 +20.1% +20.5% Latin America 150 123 +21.9% +16.0% Rest of the World 45 33 +35.5% +35.5% Total 519 426 +21.8% +20.4%In Europe   operating revenue amounted to €324 million in the first quarter  a year-on-year increase of 20.1% as reported (+20.5% like-for-like). Europe accounted for 62% of consolidated operating revenue in first-quarter 2023.In France  operating revenue came to €86 million for the period  up 13.5% both as reported and like-for-like. This growth reflects the very good performance of Employee Benefits  particularly the digital Ticket Restaurant® solution  which continued to attract many large corporate accounts and SMEs to its client base. Beyond Food solutions also met with significant success  as exemplified by the ProwebCE employee engagement platform  which formed a partnership with Carrefour Voyages for the benefit of its 7 million employee users.Operating revenue in Europe excluding France totaled €238 million in first-quarter 2023  an increase of 22.7% as reported (+23.3% like-for-like) versus the prior-year period. This performance reflects the strong business momentum in Employee Benefits across the region. The Ticket Restaurant® offering delivered another period of robust growth  as maximum face values became more widely used. Beyond Food solutions also continued to advance steadily  made even more attractive by today’s talent war and reduced purchasing power  which is driving corporate clients to enrich and extend the range of benefits they offer their employees.In Fleet & Mobility Solutions  Beyond Fuel solutions also recorded major commercial success. This was notably the case in the toll segment where  going forward  the new UTA One next® solution will provide fleet managers with increased flexibility and advanced features  including a digital platform to locate and monitor toll boxes in real time.Operating revenue in Latin America came to €150 million for the first quarter  a rise of 21.9% as reported (+16.0% like-for-like) compared with the first quarter of 2022. Latin America represented 29% of total consolidated operating revenue in first-quarter 2023.In Brazil  operating revenue rose by 10.8% like-for-like in first-quarter 2023 versus first-quarter 2022  driven by a solid performance across both business lines. Employee Benefits solutions enjoyed positive business momentum  notably fueled by the growing contribution of the partnership with Itaú Unibanco  which helped increase penetration of the SME segment. Fleet & Mobility Solutions also contributed to the robust growth  driven by the success of the Beyond Fuel offering in maintenance and toll services  which are drawing clients of all sizes. The business’s growth was nonetheless held back by the sharp decline in fuel prices at the pump  compared with the first quarter of 2022.In Hispanic Latin America  first-quarter 2023 operating revenue was up 28.0% like-for-like versus the same period in 2022. This robust performance reflects a sharp acceleration in Fleet & Mobility Solutions business  notably supported by the development of maintenance solutions in Argentina and Mexico. Employee Benefits solutions also experienced sustained growth.In the Rest of the World   operating revenue came to €45 million for the first quarter  up 35.5% as reported and like-for-like  representing 9% of the consolidated total. This solid performance was notably attributable to dynamic sales and marketing activity at Edenred CSI’s Corporate Payment Services in North America. It also reflects the ongoing success of innovative programs such as C3Pay  the provision of basic mobile financial services to unbanked and underbanked communities in the United Arab Emirates  and Ticket Xpress  an Employee Benefits solution marketed in Taiwan.Other revenueOther revenue for the first quarter of 2023 totaled €38 million  up 189.3% as reported (+198.4% like-for-like). This very significant increase reflects (i) the impact of the strong business growth on the float3  notably driven by the excellent end-of-year gift card campaign and (ii) the full effect of interest rate rises since the first quarter of 2022 in all regions where the Group operates  including in Latin America and non-eurozone European countries in the last few quarters and in the eurozone in recent months.Commitment on climate-related informationAware of the importance of correctly identifying and presenting climate-related risks and opportunities  Edenred has become an official TCFD supporter  joining the 4 000 companies and organizations around the world that have endorsed the TCFD’s recommendations. This initiative illustrates the Group’s determination to even more fully embodying its commitment to ESG. It is part of the extension of its pledge to achieve net zero carbon by 2050 in line with the SBTi standard4.OUTLOOKAfter achieving record results in 2022  Edenred has confirmed its very good business momentum in the first quarter of 2023. The solid performance for the period reflects Edenred’s ability to leverage its digital platform and thereby maintain a trajectory of sustainable and profitable growth. Edenred is continuing to penetrate its core markets  with the economic environment further enhancing the attractiveness of its solutions  which notably enable employers to effectively boost their employees’ purchasing power and fleet managers to control their spending.In line with the targets set in its Beyond 22-25 plan  Edenred is also taking advantage of emerging growth opportunities by extending its portfolio to include new solutions that more fully meet its clients’ needs. In Employee Benefits  for example  Edenred plans to continue expanding its value proposition for the HR departments of clients and prospects  in order to help them increase employee engagement through dedicated platforms. In this way  Edenred will continue to expand its Beyond Food offering through the deployment of innovative solutions  but also through M&A transactions  as illustrated by the acquisition of GOintegro in Latin America. By integrating this modular engagement platform into its Employee Benefits offering  Edenred will strengthen its leadership in the region.Edenred is therefore reaffirming its confidence for 2023  and intends to maintain a sustained pace of growth in all regions where the Group operates and in each of its business lines.For 2023  the Group is confirming the full-year targets set out in its new Beyond 22-25 strategic plan  namely:Like-for-like EBITDA growth >+12%Free cash flowithEBITDA conversion rate >70%5SIGNIFICANT EVENTS IN THE FIRST QUARTEREdenred Capital Partners supports Emblem’s seed venture capital fund to gain exposure to the Nordics tech sceneEdenred Capital Partners (ECP) supports Emblem’s seed venture capital fund  backing early-stage founders in Copenhagen  Stockholm and Paris  strengthening ECP’s ties in the Nordics. Emblem announced a €50 million first close of their €75 million seed fund.The deal will enable ECP to access new investment and networking opportunities  as well as to identify market trends in ECP’s core investment themes.SUBSEQUENT EVENTSEdenred extends its Employee Engagement offer in Latin America with the acquisition of GOintegroEdenred has signed an agreement to acquire 75% of the share capital of GOintegro  a Latin American provider of a SaaS6 employee engagement platform. GOintegro offers a broad range of engagement solutions  designed to help companies enhance their organizational culture and be an employer of choice in attracting and retaining talent.The acquisition of GOintegro illustrates Edenred’s ambition – set out in the Beyond 22-25 strategic plan – to be the everyday platform for people at work  notably by extending the scope of its portfolio. Through the integration of GOintegro’s modular employee engagement platform  Edenred is broadening its offer and strengthening its lead in Latin America’s Employee Benefits market.UPCOMING EVENTSMay 11  2023: General MeetingJuly 25  2023: First-half 2023 resultsOctober 19  2023: Third-quarter 2023 revenue▬▬About EdenredEdenred is a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  connecting 52 million users and 2 million partner merchants in 45 countries via 950 000 corporate clients.Edenred offers specific-purpose payment solutions for food (such as meal benefits)  incentives (such as gift cards  employee engagement platforms)  mobility (such as multi-energy  maintenance  toll  parking and commuter solutions) and corporate payments (such as virtual cards).True to the Group’s purpose  “Enrich connections. For good.”  these solutions enhance users’ well-being and purchasing power. They improve companies’ attractiveness and efficiency  and vitalize the employment market and the local economy. They also foster access to healthier food  more environmentally friendly products and softer mobility.Edenred’s 10 000 employees are committed to making the world of work a connected ecosystem that is safer  more efficient and more responsible every day.In 2022  thanks to its global technology assets  the Group managed some €38 billion in business volume  primarily carried out via mobile applications  online platforms and cards.Edenred is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange and included in the following indices: CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  CAC Large 60  Euronext 100  FTSE4Good and MSCI Europe.The logos and other trademarks mentioned and featured in this press release are registered trademarks of Edenred S.E.  its subsidiaries or third parties. They may not be used for commercial purposes without prior written consent from their owners.▬▬CONTACTSCommunications DepartmentEmmanuelle Châtelain+33 (0)1 86 67 24 36 emmanuelle.chatelain@edenred.comMedia RelationsMatthieu Santalucia+33 (0)1 86 67 22 63matthieu.santalucia@edenred.com Investor RelationsCédric Appert+33 (0)1 86 67 24 99cedric.appert@edenred.comBaptiste Fournier+33 (0)1 86 67 20 73 baptiste.fournier@edenred.comAPPENDICESOperating revenueQ1 20232022In € millions Europe 324 270 France 86 76 Rest of Europe 238 194 Latin America 150 123 Rest of the world 45 33 Total 519 426 Q1 ReportedLike-for-likeIn % Europe +20.1% +20.5% France +13.5% +13.5% Rest of Europe +22.7% +23.3% Latin America +21.9% +16.0% Rest of the world +35.5% +35.5% Total +21.8% +20.4%Other revenueQ1 In € millions20232022Europe 22 5 France 4 1 Rest of Europe 19 3 Latin America 12 7 Rest of the world 4 1 Total 38 13 Q1 ReportedLike-for-likeIn % Europe +382.7% +390.2% France +156.2% +156.2% Rest of Europe +487.6% +498.7% Latin America +55.0% +55.0% Rest of the world +279.3% +356.3% Total +189.3% +198.4%Q1 In € millions20232022Europe 346 275 France 90 78 Rest of Europe 256 197 Latin America 161 130 Rest of the world 49 34 Total 557 439 Q1 ReportedLike-for-likeIn % Europe +26.2% +26.8% France +16.2% +16.2% Rest of Europe +30.2% +31.0% Latin America +23.8% +18.2% Rest of the world +43.3% +45.7% Total +26.8% +25.7%Total revenue1 Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures.2 Based on constant regulations and methods.3 The float corresponds to a portion of the operating working capital from the preloading of funds by corporate clients.4 Science-Based Targets initiative  on scopes 1  2 and 3a.5 Based on constant regulations and methods.6 Software as a Service.Attachment,neutral,0.16,0.84,0.0,positive,0.82,0.13,0.05,True,English,"['strong revenue growth', 'First-quarter 2023 revenue', 'platform advantage', 'EDENRED', 'year', 'full', 'digital Edenred UTA One next® toll solution', 'digital specific-purpose payment programs', 'toll management solutions', 'Employee Benefits business line', 'powerful digital platform', 'rising interest rates', 'official TCFD1 supporter', 'succe ssful integration', 'Chief Executive Officer', '22-25 strategic plan', 'high business volumes', 'Complementary S olutions', 'EBITDA conversion rate', 'strong business momentum', 'reduced purchasing power', 'good business momentum', 'unique platform advantage', 'three business lines', 'positive 0.2% currency effect', 'positive 0.9% scope effect', 'Ticket Restaurant® offering', 'Beyond Fuel offering', 'strong revenue growth', 'stronger revenue growth', 'employees’ purchasing power', 'excellent first quarter', 'strong revenue performance', 'total operating revenue', 'digital maintenance', 'First-quarter operating revenue', 'Ticket Restaurant ®', 'EBITDA growth', 'excellent start', 'employee engagement', 'Complementary Solutions', 'Total revenue', 'fourth quarter', 'Other revenue', 'robust growth', 'climate-related disclosure', 'sound execution', 'innovation policy', 'technology investments', 'Bertrand Dumazy', 'changing needs', 'working world', 'sustained pace', 'double digits', 'talent war', 'existing clients', 'wide range', 'numerous client', 'user-friendly solutions', 'Food solutions', 'Beyond strategy', 'quarterly performance', 'new services', 'new, comprehensive', 'First-quarter 2023 revenue', 'Edenred CSI', 'continued success', 'First-quarter 2022 % change', 'innovative solutions', 'fleet expenses', 'Mobility Solutions', 'year increase', 'full', 'Double-digit', 'geographies', 'regions', 'commitment', 'rewards', 'efficient', 'SMEs', 'markets', 'Group', 'attractiveness', 'IPS', 'targets', 'Chairman', 'ability', 'companies', 'tune', 'transformations', 'well-being', 'users', 'efficiency', 'example', 'field', 'acquisition', 'GOintegro', 'interfaces', 'prospects', '€ millions', 'Story', 'basis', 'addition', 'control', 'trends', 'sizes', 'Europe']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23379,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DIAGNOSTIC-MEDICAL-SYSTEM-30049815/news/Diagnostic-Medical-Systems-Record-quarterly-revenue-EUR-10-1-million-in-the-1st-quarter-of-20-43594483/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Diagnostic Medical Systems :  Record quarterly revenue: EUR 10.1 million in the 1st quarter of 2023  organic growth +16% - Confirmation of 2023 targets and perspectives,(marketscreener.com)  Record quarterly revenue: €10.1 million in the 1st quarter of 2023  organic growth +16%Radiology: 6% growth in 1st quarter / +22% in the United States / First deliveries of record order from Fujifilm Healthcare Italy will begin 2nd …,"Record quarterly revenue: €10.1 million in the 1st quarter of 2023  organic growth +16%Radiology : 6% growth in 1 st quarter / +22% in the United States / First deliveries of record order from Fujifilm Healthcare Italy will begin 2 nd quarterBone densitometry: strong quarterly growth: +69%Confirmation of 2023 targets and perspectives€40 million in revenue   i.e.  double-digit organic growthExpected increase in EBITDA marginDiagnostic Medical Systems Group (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0012202497 - ALDMS) French medical imaging specialist  announces its consolidated revenue for the 1st quarter of 2023 (period from January 1 to March 31  2023). Following the divestment of 17.00% of Hybrigenics' capital in February 2023[1]  the DMS Group currently retains a 24.77% stake in the capital. As of January 1  2023 Hybrigenics is no longer consolidated in the DMS Group accounts.Unaudited consolidated data in M€IFRS standards 1st quarter 2023 1st quarter 2022 Variation Revenue 10.1 8.7[2] +16% Radiology activity 7.7 7.3 +6% Bone densitometry activity 2.4 1.4 +69%The DMS Group generated consolidated revenue of €10.1 million in the 1st quarter 2023 representing +16% of organic growth2 and marking the largest quarterly revenue ever earned in a 1st quarter.Review by activityIn Radiology  revenue amounted to €7.7 million  a quarterly growth of +6%. 1st quarter activity did not include any deliveries of the 96 FDX Visionary-RF Premium remote-controlled radiology tables won in a tender by Fujifilm Healthcare Italy[3]. The first deliveries for this order will begin in the 2nd quarter of 2023 and will ramp up throughout the year.The Radiology business continued its strong development in the United States at the start of the exercise  with +22% growth in the region  driven by distribution agreements with Fujifilm Healthcare and Carestream Health. The DMS Group manufactures white-label remote-controlled radiology tables offered by:Fujifilm Healthcare in Europe  Africa  Middle East  and North America.Canon Medical Systems Europe in the Europe area.Carestream Health in North and South America.DMS Group also markets its solutions under its own brand  Apelem  to a network of 140 distributors around the world.In Bone densitometry  the Group registered a strong 1st quarter 2023  recording +69% growth. This performance reflects the success of our distribution agreement with Fujifilm Healthcare as well as an acceleration in sales in Europe and Asia  where sales activities had begun to resume at the end of 2022.Confirmation of 2023 revenue target: €40 millionAt the end of an historic 1st quarter  the Group remains confident in its objective of €40 million consolidated annual revenue. The Radiology activity will begin deliveries of the 96 tables to Fujifilm Healthcare Italy over the next few quarters  and sustained activity in both radiology and bone densitometry will allow the Group to reach double-digit organic growth compared to 2022.The Group also confirms the improvement in its profitability in 2023  with an expected improvement in its EBITDA margin[4].As set forth in the Imaging 2027 plan  the DMS Group has fixed the objectives of registering €60 million revenue and an EBITDA margin of 14% in 2027.Financial calendar 2023Date Event April 28  2023 Publication of 2022 annual results July 20  2023 Publication of 2023 half-year revenue September 29  2023 Publication of 2023 half-year results October 19  2023 Publication of 2023 3rd quarter revenue January 18  2024 Publication of 2023 annual revenue April 30  2024 Publication of 2023 annual resultsThe publications will be made after Euronext Paris market closing. These dates are given as an indication  they may be changed if necessary.About DMS GroupThe DMS Group is a French specialist and recognized player in medical imaging  with high-end imaging solutions dedicated to digital radiology and bone densitometry  through its DMS Imaging division.The DMS Group is on every continent through a network of over 140 national distributors  subsidiaries and joint ventures.DMS Group is quoted on the Paris Euronext market (ISIN: FR0012202497 - memo: ALDMS).More information on www.dms.com.FREE SUBSCRIPTION TO THE FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF DMS GROUP AT WWW.ACTUSNEWS.COM.ContactsDMS Group Samuel SANCERNI Chairman & CEO +33(0)4 67 50 49 00 ACTUS FINANCE Mathieu OMNES Investors relations +33(0)1 53 67 36 92 Fatou-Kiné N'DIAYE Press Relations +33(0)1 53 67 36 34[1]Read press release of February 8  2023.[2]Revenue for the 1st quarter of 2023 does not include revenue from Hybrigenics  which has been deconsolidated since January 1  2023. As a reminder  Hybrigenics had generated revenue of €0.2 million in the 1st quarter 2022.[3]Read press release of January 12  2023[4]EBITDA corresponds to the recurring operating income before interest  taxes  depreciations  and amortization.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: yGlyk8lsk23Flm5wZsZqaGKVmGxiyGeZZ2aVnGdtaMedmW6RmZxoapyVZnBqmWtp- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Quarterly financial reporting:- First quarter financial report Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79463-dms-group_pr_q1-2023_20042023_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.28,0.26,True,English,"['Diagnostic Medical Systems', 'Record quarterly revenue', '1st quarter', 'organic growth', 'Confirmation', '2023 targets', 'perspectives', 'ACTUS FINANCE Mathieu OMNES Investors relations', '96 FDX Visionary-RF Premium remote-controlled radiology tables', 'EBITDA margin Diagnostic Medical Systems Group', ""Fatou-Kiné N'DIAYE Press Relations"", 'DMS Group Samuel SANCERNI Chairman', 'white-label remote-controlled radiology tables', 'Canon Medical Systems Europe', 'Euronext Paris market closing', 'French medical imaging specialist', '€40 million consolidated annual revenue', 'Paris Euronext market', 'recurring operating income', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Unaudited consolidated data', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'DMS Imaging division', 'DMS Group accounts', 'The Radiology business', 'Fujifilm Healthcare Italy', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'The DMS Group', 'high-end imaging solutions', 'largest quarterly revenue', 'double-digit organic growth', 'strong quarterly growth', 'The Radiology activity', 'historic 1st quarter', 'Record quarterly revenue', '2023 3rd quarter revenue', 'strong 1st quarter', '1st quarter activity', 'Bone densitometry activity', 'French specialist', 'The Group', '€60 million revenue', 'press release', 'Imaging 2027 plan', 'consolidated revenue', 'strong development', 'digital radiology', 'organic growth2', '2022 annual results', '2023 annual revenue', '2023 annual results', 'WWW.ACTUSNEWS', 'sustained activity', '1 st quarter', '2nd quarter', 'United States', 'record order', 'IFRS standards', 'Variation Revenue', 'distribution agreements', 'Carestream Health', 'Middle East', 'Europe area', 'South America', '2023 revenue target', 'Financial calendar', 'Date Event', '2023 half-year revenue', '2023 half-year results', 'recognized player', 'joint ventures', 'More information', 'FREE SUBSCRIPTION', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', '96 tables', 'First deliveries', 'North America', 'sales activities', '140 national distributors', ""Hybrigenics' capital"", '6% growth', '+22% growth', '+69% growth', '140 distributors', 'Confirmation', '2023 targets', 'perspectives', 'increase', 'ALDMS', 'period', 'January', 'March', 'divestment', 'February', '24.77% stake', 'M€', 'Review', 'tender', 'start', 'exercise', 'region', 'Africa', 'brand', 'Apelem', 'network', 'world', 'performance', 'success', 'acceleration', 'Asia', 'objective', 'quarters', 'improvement', 'profitability', 'Publication', 'dates', 'indication', 'continent', 'subsidiaries', 'memo', 'Contacts', 'CEO', 'reminder', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciations', 'amortization']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23380,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/20/2651343/0/en/REXEL-ANNUAL-SHAREHOLDERS-MEETING-OF-APRIL-20-2023.html,REXEL ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING OF APRIL 20  2023,REXEL ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING OF APRIL 20  2023  The Combined Shareholders' Meeting of Rexel was held today in Paris under the Chairmanship of Ian......,English FrenchREXEL ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING OF APRIL 20  2023The Combined Shareholders' Meeting of Rexel was held today in Paris under the Chairmanship of Ian Meakins  Chairman of the Board of Directors. The shareholders approved all the resolutions. The results of the votes and the video webcast are available on the Company's website: https://www.rexel.com/en/medias/events/2023-annual-general-shareholders-meeting/Distribution of 1.20 euros per shareThe Shareholders’ Meeting approved the distribution of an amount of 1.20 euros per share (in line with the distribution policy of at least 40% of recurring net income)  by deduction from the issue premium and paid in cash. The ex-dividend date for this distribution on the regulated market of Euronext Paris is May 9  2023. The payment date will be May 11  2023.Compensation of the Chairman of the Board of Directors  the Directors and the Chief Executive OfficerAll the resolutions relating to the compensation of the Chairman of the Board of Directors  the Directors and the Chief Executive Officer were approved.Financial authorizationsAll the financial delegations and authorizations whose adoption or renewal was submitted to the Shareholders’ Meeting were approved.Appointment and renewal of Directors’ terms of officeThe shareholders approved the appointment as independent directors of Steven Borges and Marie-Christine Lombard and the renewal of Ian Meakins’ term of office for a period of four years.Composition of the Board of Directors and the committeesThe Board of Directors meeting held after the Shareholders’ Meeting:- reappointed Ian Meakins as Chairman of the Board of Directors for the duration of his term of office as Director.- appointed Agnès Touraine as Vice-Chairwoman of the Board of Directors and Senior Independent Director for the remainder of her term as Director  i.e. until the 2026 Shareholders’ Meeting- entrusted the monitoring of CSR to the Nominating Committee  named  as of today  as the Nominating  Governance and CSR Committee- appointed Barbara Dalibard as Chairwoman of the Compensation Committee.The Board of Directors also took note of the appointment by the CFDT trade union of Antoine Hermelin as a director representing employees on the Board of Directors  effective April 13  2023. He succeeds Julien Bonnel  who has left the Group. Antoine Hermelin has been an employee of Rexel France since 2006  where he has held various sales positions  before joining the HQ in positions relating to data and digital such as Customer Personalization and Journey Manager. He is currently Head of Category Management. He holds a BTS in Industrial Automation Maintenance. In accordance with the recommendations of the AFEP-MEDEF Code  the Board of Directors has appointed Antoine Hermelin as a member of the Compensation Committee.At the end of the Shareholders' Meeting  the Board of Directors was composed of 13 directors. Excluding directors representing employees  the Board includes five women  i.e. 45% of its members  in accordance with Article L. 225-18-1 of the Commercial Code.The new committee membership is as follows:Nomination  Governance and Corporate social responsibility Committee Compensation Committee Audit and Risks Committee Agnès Touraine Barbara Dalibard François Auque Brigitte Cantaloube Marie-Christine Lombard Marcus Alexanderson Toni Killebrew Brigitte Cantaloube Steven Borges Marcus Alexanderson François Henrot Ian Meakins Ian Meakins Ian Meakins Maria Richter Maria Richter Antoine Hermelin Barbara DalibardABOUT REXEL GROUPRexel  worldwide expert in the multichannel professional distribution of products and services for the energy world  addresses three main markets: residential  commercial  and industrial. The Group supports its residential  commercial  and industrial customers by providing a tailored and scalable range of products and services in energy management for construction  renovation  production  and maintenance. Rexel operates through a network of more than 1 900 branches in 21 countries  with more than 26 000 employees. The Group’s sales were €18.7 billion in 2022.Rexel is listed on the Eurolist market of Euronext Paris (compartment A  ticker RXL  ISIN code FR0010451203). It is included in the following indices: CAC Next 20  SBF 120  CAC Large 60  CAC 40 ESG  CAC SBT 1.5 NR  CAC AllTrade  CAC AllShares  FTSE EuroMid  and STOXX600. Rexel is also part of the following SRI indices: FTSE4Good  Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120 and Eurozone 120  STOXX® Global ESG Environmental Leaders  and S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2022  in recognition of its performance in terms of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR).For more information  visit www.rexel.com/en.CONTACTSFINANCIAL ANALYSTS/INVESTORSLudovic DEBAILLEUX +33 1 42 85 76 12 ludovic.debailleux@rexel.comPRESSEBrunswick : Thomas KAMM +33 1 53 96 83 92 tkamm@brunswickgroup.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['REXEL ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING', 'APRIL', 'Brigitte Cantaloube Steven Borges Marcus Alexanderson François Henrot Ian Meakins Ian Meakins Ian Meakins Maria Richter Maria Richter Antoine Hermelin Barbara Dalibard', 'Agnès Touraine Barbara Dalibard François Auque Brigitte Cantaloube Marie-Christine Lombard Marcus Alexanderson Toni Killebrew', 'Corporate social responsibility Committee Compensation Committee Audit', 'S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook', 'Ian Meakins’ term', 'Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe', '® Global ESG Environmental Leaders', ""The Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'REXEL ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING', 'new committee membership', 'Euronext Vigeo Europe', 'recurring net income', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'CFDT trade union', 'three main markets', 'following SRI indices', 'The Shareholders’ Meeting', 'multichannel professional distribution', 'Senior Independent Director', 'various sales positions', 'Industrial Automation Maintenance', 'Nominating Committee', 'Risks Committee', 'following indices', 'CAC 40 ESG', '2026 Shareholders’ Meeting', 'CSR Committee', 'The Group', 'English French', 'video webcast', 'issue premium', 'ex-dividend date', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'payment date', 'financial delegations', 'four years', 'Julien Bonnel', 'Customer Personalization', 'Journey Manager', 'Category Management', 'AFEP-MEDEF Code', 'five women', 'Article L.', 'Commercial Code', 'energy world', 'industrial customers', 'scalable range', 'energy management', 'Eurolist market', 'compartment A', 'ticker RXL', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Next', 'CAC Large', 'CAC SBT', 'CAC AllTrade', 'CAC AllShares', 'FTSE EuroMid', 'FINANCIAL ANALYSTS/INVESTORS', 'Thomas KAMM', 'Directors meeting', 'independent directors', 'Rexel France', 'distribution policy', 'Financial authorizations', 'Ludovic DEBAILLEUX', 'REXEL GROUP', 'Directors’ terms', '13 directors', 'APRIL', 'Chairmanship', 'Board', 'resolutions', 'results', 'votes', 'Company', 'website', 'events/2023-annual-general-shareholders', '1.20 euros', 'amount', 'line', 'deduction', 'cash', 'May', 'adoption', 'renewal', 'Appointment', 'period', 'Composition', 'committees', 'duration', 'Vice-Chairwoman', 'remainder', 'monitoring', 'today', 'Governance', 'note', 'employees', 'HQ', 'data', 'digital', 'Head', 'BTS', 'accordance', 'recommendations', 'Nomination', 'expert', 'products', 'services', 'residential', 'tailored', 'construction', 'renovation', 'production', 'network', '1,900 branches', '21 countries', 'SBF', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'recognition', 'performance', 'information', 'CONTACTS', 'PRESSE', 'Brunswick', 'Attachment', '120', '53']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,globenewswire.com
23381,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/REXEL-47601/news/REXEL-ANNUAL-SHAREHOLDERS-MEETING-OF-APRIL-20-2023-43594277/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,REXEL ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF APRIL 20  2023,(marketscreener.com) REXEL ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING OF APRIL 20  2023 The Combined Shareholders' Meeting of Rexel was held today in Paris under the Chairmanship of Ian Meakins  Chairman of the Board of Directors. The shareholders approved all the resoluti…,REXEL ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING OF APRIL 20  2023The Combined Shareholders' Meeting of Rexel was held today in Paris under the Chairmanship of Ian Meakins  Chairman of the Board of Directors. The shareholders approved all the resolutions. The results of the votes and the video webcast are available on the Company's website: https://www.rexel.com/en/medias/events/2023-annual-general-shareholders-meeting/Distribution of 1.20 euros per shareThe Shareholders’ Meeting approved the distribution of an amount of 1.20 euros per share (in line with the distribution policy of at least 40% of recurring net income)  by deduction from the issue premium and paid in cash. The ex-dividend date for this distribution on the regulated market of Euronext Paris is May 9  2023. The payment date will be May 11  2023.Compensation of the Chairman of the Board of Directors  the Directors and the Chief Executive OfficerAll the resolutions relating to the compensation of the Chairman of the Board of Directors  the Directors and the Chief Executive Officer were approved.Financial authorizationsAll the financial delegations and authorizations whose adoption or renewal was submitted to the Shareholders’ Meeting were approved.Appointment and renewal of Directors’ terms of officeThe shareholders approved the appointment as independent directors of Steven Borges and Marie-Christine Lombard and the renewal of Ian Meakins’ term of office for a period of four years.Composition of the Board of Directors and the committeesThe Board of Directors meeting held after the Shareholders’ Meeting:- reappointed Ian Meakins as Chairman of the Board of Directors for the duration of his term of office as Director.- appointed Agnès Touraine as Vice-Chairwoman of the Board of Directors and Senior Independent Director for the remainder of her term as Director  i.e. until the 2026 Shareholders’ Meeting- entrusted the monitoring of CSR to the Nominating Committee  named  as of today  as the Nominating  Governance and CSR Committee- appointed Barbara Dalibard as Chairwoman of the Compensation Committee.The Board of Directors also took note of the appointment by the CFDT trade union of Antoine Hermelin as a director representing employees on the Board of Directors  effective April 13  2023. He succeeds Julien Bonnel  who has left the Group. Antoine Hermelin has been an employee of Rexel France since 2006  where he has held various sales positions  before joining the HQ in positions relating to data and digital such as Customer Personalization and Journey Manager. He is currently Head of Category Management. He holds a BTS in Industrial Automation Maintenance. In accordance with the recommendations of the AFEP-MEDEF Code  the Board of Directors has appointed Antoine Hermelin as a member of the Compensation Committee.At the end of the Shareholders' Meeting  the Board of Directors was composed of 13 directors. Excluding directors representing employees  the Board includes five women  i.e. 45% of its members  in accordance with Article L. 225-18-1 of the Commercial Code.The new committee membership is as follows:Nomination  Governance and Corporate social responsibility Committee Compensation Committee Audit and Risks Committee Agnès Touraine Barbara Dalibard François Auque Brigitte Cantaloube Marie-Christine Lombard Marcus Alexanderson Toni Killebrew Brigitte Cantaloube Steven Borges Marcus Alexanderson François Henrot Ian Meakins Ian Meakins Ian Meakins Maria Richter Maria Richter Antoine Hermelin Barbara DalibardABOUT REXEL GROUPRexel  worldwide expert in the multichannel professional distribution of products and services for the energy world  addresses three main markets: residential  commercial  and industrial. The Group supports its residential  commercial  and industrial customers by providing a tailored and scalable range of products and services in energy management for construction  renovation  production  and maintenance. Rexel operates through a network of more than 1 900 branches in 21 countries  with more than 26 000 employees. The Group’s sales were €18.7 billion in 2022.Rexel is listed on the Eurolist market of Euronext Paris (compartment A  ticker RXL  ISIN code FR0010451203). It is included in the following indices: CAC Next 20  SBF 120  CAC Large 60  CAC 40 ESG  CAC SBT 1.5 NR  CAC AllTrade  CAC AllShares  FTSE EuroMid  and STOXX600. Rexel is also part of the following SRI indices: FTSE4Good  Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120 and Eurozone 120  STOXX® Global ESG Environmental Leaders  and S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2022  in recognition of its performance in terms of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR).For more information  visit www.rexel.com/en.CONTACTSFINANCIAL ANALYSTS/INVESTORSLudovic DEBAILLEUX +33 1 42 85 76 12 ludovic.debailleux@rexel.comPRESSEBrunswick : Thomas KAMM +33 1 53 96 83 92 tkamm@brunswickgroup.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"[""REXEL ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", 'APRIL', 'Brigitte Cantaloube Steven Borges Marcus Alexanderson François Henrot Ian Meakins Ian Meakins Ian Meakins Maria Richter Maria Richter Antoine Hermelin Barbara Dalibard', 'Agnès Touraine Barbara Dalibard François Auque Brigitte Cantaloube Marie-Christine Lombard Marcus Alexanderson Toni Killebrew', 'Corporate social responsibility Committee Compensation Committee Audit', 'S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook', 'Ian Meakins’ term', 'Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe', '® Global ESG Environmental Leaders', ""The Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'REXEL ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING', 'new committee membership', 'Euronext Vigeo Europe', 'recurring net income', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'CFDT trade union', 'three main markets', 'following SRI indices', 'The Shareholders’ Meeting', 'multichannel professional distribution', 'Senior Independent Director', 'various sales positions', 'Industrial Automation Maintenance', 'Nominating Committee', 'Risks Committee', 'following indices', 'CAC 40 ESG', '2026 Shareholders’ Meeting', 'CSR Committee', 'The Group', 'video webcast', 'issue premium', 'ex-dividend date', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'payment date', 'financial delegations', 'four years', 'Julien Bonnel', 'Customer Personalization', 'Journey Manager', 'Category Management', 'AFEP-MEDEF Code', 'five women', 'Article L.', 'worldwide expert', 'energy world', 'industrial customers', 'scalable range', 'energy management', 'Eurolist market', 'compartment A', 'ticker RXL', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Next', 'CAC Large', 'CAC SBT', 'CAC AllTrade', 'CAC AllShares', 'FTSE EuroMid', 'FINANCIAL ANALYSTS/INVESTORS', 'Thomas KAMM', 'Directors meeting', 'independent directors', 'Rexel France', 'distribution policy', 'Financial authorizations', 'Nominating, Governance', 'Commercial Code', 'Ludovic DEBAILLEUX', 'REXEL GROUP', 'Directors’ terms', '13 directors', 'APRIL', 'Chairmanship', 'Board', 'resolutions', 'results', 'votes', 'Company', 'website', 'events/2023-annual-general-shareholders', '1.20 euros', 'amount', 'line', 'deduction', 'cash', 'May', 'adoption', 'renewal', 'Appointment', 'period', 'Composition', 'committees', 'duration', 'Vice-Chairwoman', 'remainder', 'monitoring', 'today', 'note', 'employees', 'HQ', 'data', 'digital', 'Head', 'BTS', 'accordance', 'recommendations', 'Nomination', 'products', 'services', 'residential', 'tailored', 'construction', 'renovation', 'production', 'network', '1,900 branches', '21 countries', 'SBF', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'recognition', 'performance', 'information', 'CONTACTS', 'PRESSE', 'Brunswick', 'Attachment', '120', '53']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23382,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FARMAE-S-P-A-63216147/news/FARMAE-GROUP-STRONG-START-OF-THE-YEAR-CONSOLIDATED-REVENUES-ADJ-AT-38-8-MILLION-EURO-IN-THE-FIRST-43550592/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,FARMAÈ GROUP: STRONG START OF THE YEAR  CONSOLIDATED REVENUES ADJ AT 38.8 MILLION EURO IN THE FIRST QUARTER 2023  AN INCREASE OF 46%,(marketscreener.com)   Press Release   FARMAÈ GROUP: STRONG START OF THE YEAR  CONSOLIDATED REVENUES ADJ1 AT 38.8 MILLION EURO IN THE FIRST QUARTER 2023  AN INCREASE OF 46%    Consumer Area: revenue + 47% YoY to EUR 37.0 million   Industrial Area:…,"Press ReleaseFARMAÈ GROUP: STRONG START OF THE YEAR  CONSOLIDATED REVENUES ADJ1 AT 38.8 MILLION EURO IN THE FIRST QUARTER 2023  AN INCREASE OF 46%Consumer Area: revenue + 47% YoY to EUR 37.0 millionIndustrial Area: revenue + 25% YoY to EUR 1.8 millionAverage Ticket and Orders: average ticket +14% YoY and number of orders +29% YoY  up to over 837 000 orders by 31 March 2023More than 4 million products sold in Q1 2023  + 34% YoYViareggio  20 April 2023 - Farmaè S.p.A. - a company listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market of Borsa Italiana  a leading integrated platform in Italy in the healthcare  beauty and wellness sectors - (the ""Company"") approved Farmaè Group unaudited consolidated revenues as well as key KPIs for the first quarter 2023.""The extraordinary growth delivered in the first quarter of the year - commented Riccardo Iacometti  Founder and Managing Director of Farmaè Spa - speak for the the robustness of our Group in relation to the further expansion of our leadership share in the reference market  and the ability to work with relevance and foresight in the recently entered markets. An increase in revenues of +46% means starting the year off on the right foot  proving that the trajectory indicated in the recent Talea Group presentation to the market  Digital People Oriented  already represents a fact as well as a natural evolution. Ours continues to be a major growth and development project that wants to be increasingly focused on the principle of sustainable growth  where sustainable implies both issues related to profitability and sustainability in the ESG sense. This is the work we are doing with all our People  starting from the valorisation of our digital soul to the timely and efficient meeting of the needs and desires of people and companies  thanks to the development of our Consumers and Industrial areas. We therefore hope that this will be a year of great satisfaction for us  where numbers and results will confirm what we presented last February with our Talea Group"".Consolidated adjusted revenue1 growth accelerated in Q1 2023 to EUR 38.8 million  up 45.9% compared to EUR 26.5 million in Q1 2022 (consolidated non-adjusted2 revenue of EUR 37.5 million compared to EUR 25.5 million in Q1 2022  +47.1%).On 14 February 2023  the Company presented its rebranding project from Farmaè S.p.A. to Talea Group S.p.A. and the evolution of its growth strategy (see press release here) which envisages a business model based on two revenue-generatingareas  Consumer and Industrial:Consumers Area  dedicated to e-retaling  in which the Farmaè  Amicafarmacia  Farmaeurope  Sanort and Beautyè brands currently operate;e-retaling  in which the Farmaè  Amicafarmacia  Farmaeurope  Sanort and Beautyè brands currently operate; Industrial Area  dedicated to media and digital transformation services  with Talea Media and Valnan.Following the new Group strategy that envisages two revenue-generating areas  Consumer and Industrial  Adj Revenues include revenues from co-marketing activities  which  for IAS/IFRS reporting purposes  are accounted for partly as a reduction of Cost of Sales and partly as a reduction of Selling & Distribution Costs. For IAS/IFRS reporting purposes  co-marketing revenues are partly accounted for as a reduction of Cost of Sales and partly as a reduction of Selling & Distribution Costs.1",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['FARMAÈ GROUP', 'STRONG START', '38.8 MILLION EURO', 'FIRST QUARTER', 'THE', 'YEAR', 'ADJ', 'INCREASE', 'Talea Group S.p.A.', 'Farmaè S.p.A.', 'Consolidated adjusted revenue1 growth', 'recent Talea Group presentation', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'leading integrated platform', 'IAS/IFRS reporting purposes', 'digital transformation services', 'new Group strategy', 'unaudited consolidated revenues', 'consolidated non-adjusted2 revenue', 'two revenue-generating areas', 'growth strategy', 'FARMAÈ GROUP', 'Talea Media', 'extraordinary growth', 'major growth', 'sustainable growth', 'two revenue-generatingareas', 'reference market', 'digital soul', 'Farmaè Spa', 'Industrial areas', 'Press Release', 'STRONG START', '38.8 MILLION EURO', 'FIRST QUARTER', 'Average Ticket', '4 million products', 'Borsa Italiana', 'wellness sectors', 'key KPIs', 'Riccardo Iacometti', 'Managing Director', 'leadership share', 'right foot', 'ESG sense', 'efficient meeting', 'great satisfaction', 'rebranding project', 'business model', 'marketing activities', 'Distribution Costs', 'Digital People', 'Beautyè brands', 'Adj Revenues', 'marketing revenues', 'natural evolution', 'development project', 'Consumers Area', '46% Consumer Area', 'THE', 'YEAR', 'INCREASE', '25% YoY', 'Orders', 'number', '31 March', 'More', 'Q1', 'Viareggio', 'company', 'Italy', 'Founder', 'robustness', 'relation', 'expansion', 'ability', 'relevance', 'foresight', 'markets', 'trajectory', 'principle', 'issues', 'work', 'valorisation', 'timely', 'needs', 'desires', 'companies', 'results', '14 February', 'Amicafarmacia', 'Farmaeurope', 'Sanort', 'Valnan', 'reduction', 'Sales', 'Selling', '34']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23383,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DMS-IMAGING-27491857/news/Dms-Imaging-Record-quarterly-revenue-EUR-10-1-million-in-the-1st-quarter-of-2023-organic-gro-43594425/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Dms Imaging :  Record quarterly revenue: EUR 10.1 million in the 1st quarter of 2023  organic growth +16% - Confirmation of 2023 targets and perspectives,(marketscreener.com) DMS Imaging   imaging division of DMS Group and French specialist in the development  design and manufacture of imaging systems  announces its consolidated revenue for the 1st quarter of 2023 .Unaudited consolidated data in M€IFRS st…,"Record quarterly revenue: €10.1 million in the 1st quarter of 2023  organic growth +16%Radiology : 6% growth in 1 st quarter / +22% in the United States / First deliveries of record order from Fujifilm Healthcare Italy will begin 2 nd quarterBone densitometry: strong quarterly growth: +69%Confirmation of 2023 targets and perspectives€40 million in revenue   i.e.  double-digit organic growthExpected increase in EBITDA marginLiège (Belgique) - DMS Imaging (Euronext Brussels and Paris - BE0974289218 - DMSIM)  imaging division of DMS Group and French specialist in the development  design and manufacture of imaging systems  announces its consolidated revenue for the 1st quarter of 2023 (period from January 1 to March 31  2023).Unaudited consolidated data in M€IFRS standards 1st quarter 2023 1st quarter 2022 Change Revenue 10.1 8.7 +16% Radiology activity 7.7 7.3 +6% Bone densitometry activity 2.4 1.4 +69%DMS Imaging generated consolidated revenue of €10.1 million in the 1st quarter 2023 representing +16% of organic growth and marking the largest quarterly revenue ever earned in a 1st quarter.Review by activityIn Radiology  revenue amounted to €7.7 million  a quarterly growth of +6%. 1st quarter activity did not include any deliveries of the 96 FDX Visionary-RF Premium remote-controlled radiology tables won in a tender by Fujifilm Healthcare Italy[1]. The first deliveries for this order will begin in the 2nd quarter of 2023 and will ramp up throughout the year.The Radiology business continued its strong development in the United States at the start of the exercise  with +22% growth in the region  driven by distribution agreements with Fujifilm Healthcare and Carestream Health. DMS Imaging manufactures white-label remote-controlled radiology tables offered by:Fujifilm Healthcare in Europe  Africa  Middle East  and North America.Canon Medical Systems Europe in the Europe area.Carestream Health in North and South America.DMS Imaging also markets its solutions under its own brand  Apelem  to a network of 140 distributors around the world.In Bone densitometry  the Group registered a strong 1st quarter 2023  recording +69% growth. This performance reflects the success of our distribution agreement with Fujifilm Healthcare as well as an acceleration in sales in Europe and Asia  where sales activities had begun to resume at the end of 2022.Confirmation of 2023 revenue target: €40 millionAt the end of an historic 1st quarter  DMS Imaging remains confident in its objective of €40 million consolidated annual revenue. The Radiology activity will begin deliveries of the 96 tables to Fujifilm Healthcare Italy over the next few quarters  and sustained activity in both radiology and bone densitometry will allow the Group to reach double-digit organic growth compared to 2022.The Group also confirms the improvement in its profitability in 2023   with an expected improvement in its EBITDA margin[2].As set forth in the Imaging 2027 plan of DMS Group  DMS Imaging has fixed the objectives of registering €60 million revenue and an EBITDA margin of 14% in 2027.Financial calendar 2023Date Event April 28th 2023 Publication of 2022 annual results July 20th 2023 Publication of 2023 1st semester revenue September 29th 2023 Publication of 2023 half-year results October 19th 2023 Publication of 2023 3rd quarter revenue January 18th 2024 Publication of 2023 annual revenue April 30th 2024 Publication of 2023 annual resultsThe publications will be made when the Euronext Paris market is closed. These dates are given as an indication  they can be changed if necessary.About DMS ImagingSpecialized in high technology for medical diagnosis  DMS Imaging is now the French leader in development  design and manufacture of RF imaging systems dedicated to radiology  bone densitometry  3D modeling and posturology.DMS Imaging is quoted on the Euronext market in Brussels and Paris (ISIN: BE0974289218 - memo: DMSIM).More information on www.dms-imaging.com.ContactsDMS Imaging Samuel SANCERNI Chief Executive Officer +33 (0)4 67 50 49 00 ACTUS FINANCE Mathieu OMNESFatou-Kiné N'DIAYE Investor relationsPress relations +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92+33 (0)1 53 67 36 34[1] Read press release of January 12  2023[2] EBITDA corresponds to the recurring operating income before interest  taxes  depreciations  and amortization.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: xZycacqYY2mcy3GaZMZtl5Rnm5uUl2WabmKXmGeZl5rHnW+SlWmVaZSeZnBqmWtm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Quarterly financial reporting:- First quarter financial report Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79460-dms-imaging_pr_revenue-q1-2023_20042023_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.4,0.59,True,English,"['Record quarterly revenue', 'Dms Imaging', '1st quarter', 'organic growth', 'Confirmation', '2023 targets', 'perspectives', 'DMS Imaging Samuel SANCERNI Chief Executive Officer', '96 FDX Visionary-RF Premium remote-controlled radiology tables', ""Fatou-Kiné N'DIAYE Investor relations"", 'ACTUS FINANCE Mathieu OMNES', 'white-label remote-controlled radiology tables', 'First quarter financial report', 'Canon Medical Systems Europe', 'recurring operating income', 'Quarterly financial reporting', 'Unaudited consolidated data', 'RF imaging systems', 'The Radiology business', 'Fujifilm Healthcare Italy', 'original press release', 'largest quarterly revenue', 'historic 1st quarter', '2023 1st semester revenue', '2023 3rd quarter revenue', 'double-digit organic growth', 'next press releases', 'strong quarterly growth', 'Record quarterly revenue', 'The Radiology activity', 'strong 1st quarter', '1st quarter activity', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Bone densitometry activity', 'Euronext Paris market', 'Press relations', 'Financial calendar', 'medical diagnosis', 'Euronext market', 'consolidated revenue', '1 st quarter', '2nd quarter', 'imaging division', 'sustained activity', 'Imaging 2027 plan', 'The Group', 'First deliveries', 'Change Revenue', '2023 revenue target', 'annual revenue', 'United States', 'record order', 'Liège', 'French specialist', 'IFRS standards', 'strong development', 'distribution agreements', 'Carestream Health', 'Middle East', 'Europe area', 'South America', '2022 annual results', '2023 half-year results', '2023 annual results', 'high technology', 'French leader', '3D modeling', 'More information', 'Regulated information', 'DMS Group', 'Euronext Brussels', 'EBITDA margin', '96 tables', '€60 million revenue', 'North America', 'sales activities', '6% growth', '+22% growth', '+69% growth', '€40 million', 'Confirmation', '2023 targets', 'perspectives', 'increase', 'Belgique', 'DMSIM', 'design', 'manufacture', 'period', 'January', 'March', 'M€', 'Review', 'tender', 'start', 'exercise', 'region', 'Africa', 'solutions', 'brand', 'Apelem', 'network', '140 distributors', 'world', 'performance', 'success', 'acceleration', 'Asia', 'objective', 'quarters', 'improvement', 'profitability', 'Event', 'April', 'Publication', 'dates', 'indication', 'posturology', 'ISIN', 'memo', 'Contacts', 'interest', 'taxes', 'depreciations', 'amortization', 'Full', 'PDF', '460-dms-imaging_pr_revenue', 'email', 'company']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23384,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DISRUPTIVE-CAPITAL-ACQUIS-127886492/news/DCAC-announces-publication-of-Revised-Shareholder-Circular-43594452/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,DCAC announces publication of Revised Shareholder Circular,(marketscreener.com) NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGUL…,"NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION. ANY FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THESE RESTRICTIONS MAY CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWSDISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED(“DCAC” or the “Company”)in respect ofDCAC Shareholders (ISIN Code GG00BMB5XZ39) and DCAC Public Warrant Holders (ISIN Code GG00BMB5XY22)THIS PRESS RELEASE CONTAINS INFORMATION THAT QUALIFIES OR MAY HAVE QUALIFIED AS INSIDE INFORMATION WITHIN THE MEANING OF ARTICLE 7(1) OF THE EU MARKET ABUSE REGULATION.DCAC announces publication of Revised Shareholder Circular20 April 2023Please note that the Company's intention had been to convene an extraordinary general meeting for DCAC Shareholders  a DCAC Ordinary Shareholder class meeting  a DCAC Sponsor Shareholder class meeting and a DCAC Warrant Holder meeting on 10 May 2023 by way of notice contained in the Shareholder Circular dated 19 April 2023 (the Prior Shareholder Circular) and as referenced in the press release dated 19 April 2023 (DCAC announces Business Combination with Global (globenewswire.com)). However due to technical issues in terms of stock exchange processes  a revised Shareholder Circular dated 20 April 2023 (the Revised Shareholder Circular) has been uploaded providing for the extraordinary general meeting for DCAC Shareholders  a DCAC Ordinary Shareholder class meeting  a DCAC Sponsor Shareholder class meeting and DCAC Warrant Holders meeting to be held two days later  on 12 May 2023  which will also give more time for proxies to be submitted when DCAC Shareholders might otherwise be constrained by the UK Coronation holiday. The Revised Shareholder Circular supersedes and replaces the Prior Shareholder Circular. The Revised Shareholder Circular is attached to this announcement. The revised timetable of principal events (which is detailed in full in the Revised Shareholder Circular) is as below:Event Expected Date (Time) Notice of EGM  DCAC Ordinary Shareholder Class Meeting  DCAC Sponsor Shareholder Class Meeting and DCAC Warrant Holder Meeting 20 April 2023 Deadline for submission of white EGM Proxy Form 10 May 2023 (10:00 BST) Deadline for submission of green DCAC Ordinary Shareholder Class Meeting Proxy Form 10 May 2023 (10:15 BST) Deadline for submission of yellow DCAC Sponsor Shareholder Class Meeting Proxy Form 10 May 2023 (10:30 BST) Deadline for submission of blue DCAC Warrant Holder Proxy Form 10 May 2023 (10:45 BST) EGM Record Date 11 May 2023 (18:00 BST) DCAC Warrant Holder Meeting Record Date 11 May 2023 (18:00 BST) DCAC Ordinary Shareholder Class Meeting Record Date 11 May 2023 (18:00 BST) DCAC Sponsor Shareholder Class Meeting Record Date 11 May 2023 (18:00 BST) EGM 12 May 2023 (10:00 BST) DCAC Ordinary Shareholder Class Meeting 12 May 2023 (10:15 BST) DCAC Sponsor Shareholder Class Meeting 12 May 2023 (10:30 BST) DCAC Warrant Holder Meeting 12 May 2023 (10:45 BST) Publication of results of EGM  Warrant Holder Meeting  DCAC Ordinary Shareholder Class Meeting and DCAC Sponsor Shareholder Class Meeting 12 May 2023 Publication of press release in respect of DCAC Warrant exercise and redemption  including Redemption Notice 12 May 2023 Publication of offer circular in respect of Offer of GIG Shares and GreenBonds to Eligible Investors  and start of offer period (provisional) 12 May 2023 Last day of trading in Public Warrants on Euronext Amsterdam  end of DCAC Warrant redemption notice period and final day of exercise of Public Warrants 29 May 2023 Public Warrants delisted from Euronext Amsterdam 30 May 2023 Mandatory DCAC Warrant redemption Record Date 1 June 2023 Settlement of DCAC Warrants that are voluntarily exercised by issue of new DCAC Ordinary Shares 1 June 2023 Record Date for Special Distribution of Greenbonds 1 June 2023 (17:40 CEST) Listing of GreenBonds 2 June 2023 Settlement of mandatory DCAC Warrant redemption by issue of new DCAC Ordinary Shares 2 June 2023 Admission of DCAC Ordinary Shares issued in exchange for Warrants on Euronext Amsterdam 2 June 2023 End of offer period in respect of Offer of GIG Shares and GreenBonds to Eligible Investors 5 June 2023 Announcement of (i) results of Offer  (ii) anticipated Business Combination Completion and (iii) first day of listing under the new name 6 June 2023 (8:00 CEST) Settlement of Special Distribution of GreenBonds 6 June 2023 Completion of Business Combination: issue of new DCAC Ordinary Shares and/or transfer of DCAC Ordinary Shares held in treasury to GIG Target Shareholders transfer of GIG Target Shares to GIG conversion and buy back of DCAC Sponsor Shares 8 June 2023 Completion of Offer of GIG Shares and GreenBonds to Eligible Investors 8 June 2023 Admission of newly issued GIG Shares from Completion of Business Combination and Offer on Euronext Amsterdam 8 June 2023 Start of trading under the new name ""Global Interconnection Group Limited"" 8 June 2023 (9:00 CEST)The capitalised terms not otherwise defined in this press release have the meanings ascribed to them in the Revised Shareholder Circular.The dates and times given are based on DCAC's current expectations and may be subject to change. Any revised dates and/or times will be notified to the DCAC Shareholders and DCAC Warrant Holders  by way of a press release published on DCAC's website (www.disruptivecapitalac.com).Notices of meetingsThe completion of the Business Combination is subject to the approval of DCAC Shareholders. To this end  the Revised Shareholder Circular has been distributed containing detailed information on the Business Combination and giving notice of an EGM  to be held on 12th May 2023. The Revised Shareholder Circular contains important information  including risk factors and conflicts of interest inherent in the Business Combination proposals.The approval of the DCAC Sponsor Shareholders and the DCAC Warrant Holders will also be required to consummate the Business Combination. Accordingly  in addition to the EGM  a class meeting of the DCAC Ordinary Shareholders  an associated class meeting of the DCAC Sponsor Shareholders and a meeting of the DCAC Warrant Holders  will be held on the same day subsequent to the EGM  i.e. 12th May 2023. Notices for these meetings are included in the Revised Shareholder Circular.DCAC Shareholders  DCAC Warrant Holders and prospective investors should read the Revised Shareholder Circular in full and pay special attention to the risk factors therein.About DCACDCAC is a special purpose acquisition company (“SPAC”) incorporated on 29 April 2021 under the Companies Law as a non-cellular company limited by shares.DCAC was created for the purpose of completing a merger  amalgamation  share exchange  asset and/or liability acquisition  share purchase  reorganisation or similar business combination with a target business or entity.DCAC's leadership team comprises executive directors: Edmund Truell (Chief Executive Officer); non-executive directors: Wolf Becke (Chair/Independent Non-Executive Director)  and Roger Le Tissier (Non-Executive Director); and special advisers: Dimitri Goulandris  Kari Stadigh and Luke Webster.DCAC was launched by Disruptive Capital GP Limited  a Guernsey investment firm licensed by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission to carry on controlled investment business under the Protection of Investors (Bailiwick of Guernsey) Law  2020.Disruptive Capital GP was founded by Edmund Truell and his late brother  Daniel Truell  former CIO of the Wellcome Trust charitable endowment. Following his death  the firm is now owned by the de Boucaud Truell Inter-Generational FLP and the Truell Conservation Foundation  a UK registered charity  set up to ‘make money for charity by being good investors’.The initial public offering (“IPO”) of DCAC took place on 6 October 2021. DCAC successfully completed the DCAC IPO  raising £125 million from new investors. Pursuant to reorganisation plans  some £123 million has and is being returned to shareholders. The Company now holds some £5 million in cash  post settlement of the share repurchases deemed valid  and having met all its outstanding liabilities.DCAC first announced proposals for the Business Combination on 20th February 2023.The DCAC Ordinary Shares and DCAC Warrants are currently separately listed and traded on Euronext Amsterdam under the ISIN GG00BMB5XZ39 and symbol DCACS for the DCAC Ordinary Shares and ISIN GG00BMB5XY22 and symbol DCACW for the DCAC Warrants.A copy of the Revised Shareholder Circular is available on the DCAC website ( www.disruptivecapitalac.com ).PRESS AND INVESTOR INFORMATIONFor more information  please contact:Company enquiries to:disruptive@admina.ggRegistered officeFirst Floor  10 Lefebvre Street St Peter PortGuernsey GY1 2PEMedia inquiries to:James Culverhouse EQJames.culverhouse@eqcorp.co+44 20 7223 1100 / +44 7912 508 322Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Revised Shareholder Circular', 'DCAC', 'publication', 'yellow DCAC Sponsor Shareholder Class Meeting Proxy Form', 'green DCAC Ordinary Shareholder Class Meeting Proxy Form', 'DCAC Sponsor Shareholder Class Meeting Record Date', 'DCAC Ordinary Shareholder Class Meeting Record Date', 'blue DCAC Warrant Holder Proxy Form', 'DCAC Warrant Holder Meeting Record Date', 'Mandatory DCAC Warrant redemption Record Date', 'DISRUPTIVE CAPITAL ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED', 'white EGM Proxy Form', 'DCAC Warrant Holders meeting', 'DCAC Warrant redemption notice period', 'EU MARKET ABUSE REGULATION', 'new DCAC Ordinary Shares', 'DCAC Public Warrant Holders', 'Global Interconnection Group Limited', 'The Revised Shareholder Circular', 'DCAC Sponsor Shares', 'EGM Record Date', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Event Expected Date', 'Prior Shareholder Circular', 'DCAC Warrant exercise', 'UK Coronation holiday', 'APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS', 'GIG Target Shares', 'stock exchange processes', 'GIG Target Shareholders', 'DCAC Shareholders', 'DCAC Warrants', 'Business Combination Completion', 'new name', 'GIG Shares', 'RELEVANT LAWS', 'Public Warrants', 'GIG conversion', 'offer period', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'ISIN Code', 'technical issues', 'principal events', 'Eligible Investors', 'Last day', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'final day', 'first day', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Special Distribution', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'VIOLATION', 'REGULATIONS', 'FAILURE', 'RESTRICTIONS', 'respect', 'QUALIFIES', 'MEANING', 'publication', '20 April', 'intention', '10 May', 'way', 'terms', '12 May', 'time', 'proxies', 'announcement', 'Deadline', 'submission', 'results', 'GreenBonds', 'start', 'trading', 'end', 'Settlement', 'June', 'Listing', 'Admission', 'transfer', 'treasury', '30', '45']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23385,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-s-Beeline-Kyrgyzstan-Achieves-International-Cybersecurity-Certification-43556900/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,VEON's Beeline Kyrgyzstan Achieves International Cybersecurity Certification,(marketscreener.com) Kyrgyzstan Operator obtains ISO/IEC 27001:2013 Certification from British Standards Institute underscoring commitment to high standards in information security Amsterdam  20 April 2023: VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides …,"Kyrgyzstan Operator obtains ISO/IEC 27001:2013 Certification from British Standards Institute underscoring commitment to high standards in information securityAmsterdam  20 April 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces that Beeline Kyrgyzstan  its operating company in Kyrgyzstan  has achieved ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certification  a global standard of compliance for information security management systems.Beeline Kyrgyzstan successfully passed the security audit performed by the British Standards Institute (BSI)  the national standards institute of the United Kingdom  after rigorous testing  analysis and evaluation of its information security management systems.“Like all VEON Group companies  Beeline Kyrgyzstan is committed to providing reliable and secure online services to our breadth of corporate and individual clients ” stated Kaan Terzioglu  CEO of VEON Group. “As we continue to serve our customers with the products that enable local value generation  we never lose our focus on information and cybersecurity  constantly improving our processes and capabilities. This certification is further proof of this focus in Kyrgyzstan.”""This is a significant achievement that reflects our unwavering dedication in protecting data assets  and in improving our information security processes and applications – which  in turn  enables our commitment to the highest level of security for the data of our B2B clients  individual customers and employees” said Andrey Pyatakhin  CEO of Beeline Kyrgyzstan. “Getting this certification confirms the high standards we set for ourselves as an organisation.”The digitalization of VEON’s markets and the continued roll-out of VEON’s digital operator strategy comes with an increasing necessity for protecting commercial and personal data. Beeline Kyrgyzstan obtaining this international certification of information management systems underscores VEON’s track record of increasing its security standards and improving its procedures  practices and capabilities in data management.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to nearly 160 million customers in six dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information visit: https://www.veon.com.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  the partnership described above. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. There can be no assurance that the certification referred to above will be maintained.Contact informationAnna Ivanova-Galitsinapr@veon.comJulian TannerJulian.tanner@tuvapartners.com",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.24,0.56,True,English,"['Beeline Kyrgyzstan Achieves International Cybersecurity Certification', 'VEON', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'information security management systems', 'information management systems', 'local value generation', 'greater digital inclusion', 'digital operator strategy', 'British Standards Institute', 'national standards institute', 'global digital operator', 'six dynamic markets', 'secure online services', 'information security processes', 'VEON Group companies', 'security standards', 'data management', 'global standard', 'security audit', 'Kyrgyzstan Operator', 'high standards', 'Contact information', 'converged connectivity', 'operating company', 'United Kingdom', 'rigorous testing', 'individual clients', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'significant achievement', 'unwavering dedication', 'highest level', 'B2B clients', 'Andrey Pyatakhin', 'continued roll', 'increasing necessity', 'track record', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'Anna Ivanova-Galitsina', 'Beeline Kyrgyzstan', 'data assets', 'personal data', 'individual customers', '160 million customers', 'unanticipated events', 'Julian Tanner', 'international certification', 'VEON Ltd', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certification', 'statements', 'commitment', 'NASDAQ', 'compliance', 'BSI', 'analysis', 'evaluation', 'reliable', 'breadth', 'corporate', 'CEO', 'products', 'focus', 'cybersecurity', 'capabilities', 'proof', 'applications', 'turn', 'employees', 'organisation', 'digitalization', 'commercial', 'procedures', 'practices', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'Section', 'partnership', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'assurance']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23386,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RAPID-NUTRITION-PLC-123894197/news/Rapid-Nutrition-Terminates-Negma-Investment-Agreement-43554637/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Rapid Nutrition : Terminates Negma Investment Agreement,(marketscreener.com)   London  United Kingdom 18 April. 2023 - Rapid Nutrition PLC   a natural wellness company focused on organic wholefood-based nutrition and science-based herbal products with growing worldwide distribution  announces today that it has t…,"London  United Kingdom 18 April. 2023 - Rapid Nutrition PLC (Euronext Growth: ALRPD)  a natural wellness company focused on organic wholefood-based nutrition and science-based herbal products with growing worldwide distribution  announces today that it has terminated the Investment Agreement with the Negma Group.The Investment Agreement was announced in early 2022  and only a portion of the financing was used to fund the Company over the past 12 months  consisting of Convertible Bonds with Warrants attached. The Company has elected to redeem the remaining EUR 192 000 Convertible Bonds currently outstanding as disclosed on register of notes on the Company's website.The financing commitment by Negma has allowed Rapid Nutrition to pursue strategic acquisitions as part of its accelerated growth strategy. The Company wishes to thank Negma for its support during this period.About Rapid NutritionDedicated to the development and distribution of premium  science-based health and wellness brands across the globe  Rapid Nutrition shares a wealth of award-winning products with consumers who are passionate about innovations that are ""made by nature  refined by science."" Rapid Nutrition's first-class scientific team matches the experience of its management team to keep both the company and consumers on top of the latest industry trends and developments  while aligning with industry leaders worldwide to deliver effective supplements and solutions. Rapid Nutrition aims to be the supplier of choice globally by offering premium brands with the highest-quality ingredients to deliver maximum results.For more information  please visit http://rnplc.comInvestor Relations Contact:ir@rnplc.comDisclaimerThis press release contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and or otherwise that involve risks  uncertainties and assumptions that could cause Rapid Nutrition PLCs actual results and experience to differ materially from anticipated results and expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements. Rapid Nutrition PLC has in some cases identified forward-looking statements by using words such as ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""hopes "" ""estimates "" ""looks "" ""expects "" ""plans "" ""intends "" ""goal "" ""potential "" ""may "" ""suggest "" and similar expressions. Rapid Nutrition PLC undertakes no obligation to release publicly the results of any revisions to any such forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this press release or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events  except as required by applicable law or regulation.This media information does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities. This information does not constitute an offering prospectus within the meaning within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 of June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market  and repealing Directive 2003/71 or a listing prospectus within the meaning of the listing rules of the Euronext Exchange or OTC Markets. The media release is in accordance with International Reporting Standard: Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Securities Exchange Act ('Rule 12g3-2(b)') permits non-U.S. companies with securities listed primarily on a Qualified Foreign Exchange to make publicly available to U.S investors in English the same information that is made publicly available in their home countries as an alternative to SEC reporting Exchange Act Rule 12g3-2(b).",neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['Negma Investment Agreement', 'Rapid Nutrition', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'SEC reporting Exchange Act Rule', 'remaining EUR 192,000 Convertible Bonds', 'International Reporting Standard', 'Securities Exchange Act', 'Qualified Foreign Exchange', 'Investor Relations Contact', 'safe harbor provisions', 'U.S. companies', 'U.S investors', 'organic wholefood-based nutrition', 'science-based herbal products', 'premium, science-based health', 'first-class scientific team', 'latest industry trends', 'growing worldwide distribution', 'Rapid Nutrition PLC', 'natural wellness company', 'The Investment Agreement', 'Euronext Exchange', 'wellness brands', 'award-winning products', 'management team', 'industry leaders', 'premium brands', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Growth', 'past 12 months', 'strategic acquisitions', 'growth strategy', 'effective supplements', 'highest-quality ingredients', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'applicable law', 'European Parliament', 'regulated market', 'OTC Markets', 'media release', 'home countries', 'offering prospectus', 'financing commitment', 'The Company', 'maximum results', 'actual results', 'unanticipated events', 'media information', 'same information', 'Negma Group', 'listing prospectus', 'London', 'April', 'ALRPD', 'early', 'portion', 'Warrants', 'register', 'notes', 'website', 'part', 'support', 'period', 'development', 'globe', 'wealth', 'consumers', 'innovations', 'nature', 'experience', 'top', 'solutions', 'supplier', 'choice', 'Disclaimer', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'expectations', 'cases', 'words', 'anticipates', 'expects', 'plans', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'circumstances', 'date', 'regulation', 'solicitation', 'meaning', 'Council', 'June', 'public', 'Directive', 'rules', 'accordance', 'English', 'alternative']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23387,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/20/2650962/0/en/VEON-s-Beeline-Kyrgyzstan-Achieves-International-Cybersecurity-Certification.html,VEON’s Beeline Kyrgyzstan Achieves International Cybersecurity Certification,Kyrgyzstan Operator obtains ISO/IEC 27001:2013 Certification from British Standards Institute underscoring commitment to high standards in...,"Kyrgyzstan Operator obtains ISO/IEC 27001:2013 Certification from British Standards Institute underscoring commitment to high standards in information securityAmsterdam  20 April 2023: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  today announces that Beeline Kyrgyzstan  its operating company in Kyrgyzstan  has achieved ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certification  a global standard of compliance for information security management systems.Beeline Kyrgyzstan successfully passed the security audit performed by the British Standards Institute (BSI)  the national standards institute of the United Kingdom  after rigorous testing  analysis and evaluation of its information security management systems.“Like all VEON Group companies  Beeline Kyrgyzstan is committed to providing reliable and secure online services to our breadth of corporate and individual clients ” stated Kaan Terzioglu  CEO of VEON Group. “As we continue to serve our customers with the products that enable local value generation  we never lose our focus on information and cybersecurity  constantly improving our processes and capabilities. This certification is further proof of this focus in Kyrgyzstan.”""This is a significant achievement that reflects our unwavering dedication in protecting data assets  and in improving our information security processes and applications – which  in turn  enables our commitment to the highest level of security for the data of our B2B clients  individual customers and employees” said Andrey Pyatakhin  CEO of Beeline Kyrgyzstan. “Getting this certification confirms the high standards we set for ourselves as an organisation.”The digitalization of VEON’s markets and the continued roll-out of VEON’s digital operator strategy comes with an increasing necessity for protecting commercial and personal data. Beeline Kyrgyzstan obtaining this international certification of information management systems underscores VEON’s track record of increasing its security standards and improving its procedures  practices and capabilities in data management.About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to nearly 160 million customers in six dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext. For more information visit: https://www.veon.com.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  the partnership described above. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such dates or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. There can be no assurance that the certification referred to above will be maintained.Contact informationAnna Ivanova-Galitsinapr@veon.comJulian TannerJulian.tanner@tuvapartners.com",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.24,0.56,True,English,"['Beeline Kyrgyzstan Achieves International Cybersecurity Certification', 'VEON', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'information security management systems', 'information management systems', 'local value generation', 'greater digital inclusion', 'digital operator strategy', 'British Standards Institute', 'national standards institute', 'global digital operator', 'six dynamic markets', 'secure online services', 'information security processes', 'VEON Group companies', 'security standards', 'data management', 'global standard', 'security audit', 'Kyrgyzstan Operator', 'high standards', 'Contact information', 'converged connectivity', 'operating company', 'United Kingdom', 'rigorous testing', 'individual clients', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'significant achievement', 'unwavering dedication', 'highest level', 'B2B clients', 'Andrey Pyatakhin', 'continued roll', 'increasing necessity', 'track record', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'forward-looking statement', 'Anna Ivanova-Galitsina', 'Beeline Kyrgyzstan', 'data assets', 'personal data', 'individual customers', '160 million customers', 'unanticipated events', 'Julian Tanner', 'international certification', 'VEON Ltd', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ISO/IEC 27001:2013 certification', 'statements', 'commitment', 'NASDAQ', 'compliance', 'BSI', 'analysis', 'evaluation', 'reliable', 'breadth', 'corporate', 'CEO', 'products', 'focus', 'cybersecurity', 'capabilities', 'proof', 'applications', 'turn', 'employees', 'organisation', 'digitalization', 'commercial', 'procedures', 'practices', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'Section', 'partnership', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'date', 'circumstances', 'assurance']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,globenewswire.com
23388,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2023/apr/20/anger-at-new-retirement-age-of-64-fuels-further-pr/,Anger at new retirement age fuels further protests in France,Hundreds of people opposed to the new law raising the retirement age from 62 to 64 gathered Thursday in a small town in southern France ahead of a visit by President Emmanuel Macron  while scattered protests were staged elsewhere.,GANGES  France — Hundreds of people opposed to the new law raising the retirement age from 62 to 64 gathered Thursday in a small town in southern France ahead of a visit by President Emmanuel Macron  while scattered protests were staged elsewhere.Macron’s trip to Ganges comes amid a concerted new effort by him and his government to move on from the furor caused by the pension reform.Demonstrators sang what has become the anthem of the retirement protests: “We are here  we are here  even if Macron doesn’t want (us to be here)  we are here.”The French president met with teachers and students at a middle school  where he promoted his education policies. At his arrival  the site was hit by a power cut  which the local branch of the hard-left CGT union said was a protest action.Dozens of police were deployed in the small town to prevent protesters from getting close to the school. They briefly used tear gas to disperse people who tried to storm the barriers.On Wednesday  Macron went to eastern France  where he mingled among a crowd for the first time since he enacted the law last week. Many seized the occasion to voice their anger.PHOTOS: Protesters angry at pension law stage actions across FranceRaising the retirement age ignited a months-long firestorm of protest. Opponents were further infuriated after Macron’s government in March forced the legislation through parliament  using special government powers.The CGT union has called for scattered protest actions across the country.In Paris  hundreds of people gathered for a peaceful demonstration at the Gare de Lyon train station.They later headed to the business district of La Defense  west of the capital  where they briefly stormed the building of European stock exchange Euronext  brandishing flares.“We want to show that the mobilization continues ” Fabien Villedieu  head of Sud Rail union  told the Associated Press. “There’s no way we’re going to let this reform pass.”The action at Euronext aims at showing “where the money is ” Villedieu said. “France has never been so rich  never have the multinationals in France been so rich. The problem is the distribution of wealth.”Macron argued that raising the retirement age is needed to keep the French pension system afloat amid an aging population. Unions and other opponents said wealthy taxpayers or companies should pitch in more instead  and see the reform as an erosion of France’s social safety net.Earlier Thursday  some protesters in the northern city of Lille walked along the railway line  blocking all train traffic for about one hour. They then left peacefully.Several unions joined a strike at the national railway company SNCF  slightly disrupting train traffic Thursday. Some regional lines and Paris suburban trains were affected  while high-speed trains were running almost as normal  the SNCF said.___Corbet reported from Paris. Oleg Cetinic and Nicolas Garriga in Paris contributed.,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,mixed,0.04,0.1,0.86,True,English,"['new retirement age', 'Anger', 'protests', 'France', 'Gare de Lyon train station', 'European stock exchange Euronext', 'pension law stage actions', 'hard-left CGT union', 'The CGT union', 'Sud Rail union', 'social safety net', 'French pension system', 'national railway company', 'special government powers', 'Paris suburban trains', 'President Emmanuel Macron', 'French president', 'train traffic', 'protest actions', 'railway line', 'high-speed trains', 'new law', 'pension reform', 'retirement age', 'small town', 'new effort', 'education policies', 'power cut', 'local branch', 'tear gas', 'first time', 'months-long firestorm', 'peaceful demonstration', 'business district', 'La Defense', 'Associated Press', 'aging population', 'wealthy taxpayers', 'northern city', 'one hour', 'regional lines', 'Oleg Cetinic', 'Nicolas Garriga', 'retirement protests', 'middle school', 'Fabien Villedieu', 'other opponents', 'Several unions', 'southern France', 'eastern France', 'GANGES', 'Hundreds', 'people', 'visit', 'trip', 'furor', 'Demonstrators', 'anthem', 'teachers', 'students', 'arrival', 'site', 'Dozens', 'police', 'protesters', 'barriers', 'Wednesday', 'crowd', 'occasion', 'anger', 'PHOTOS', 'March', 'legislation', 'parliament', 'country', 'capital', 'building', 'flares', 'mobilization', 'head', 'money', 'multinationals', 'problem', 'distribution', 'companies', 'erosion', 'Lille', 'strike', 'SNCF', 'Corbet']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,washingtontimes.com
23389,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/publicis-groupe-first-quarter-2023-053000151.html,Publicis Groupe : First Quarter 2023 Revenue,First Quarter 2023 RevenueStrong start to 2023 after 2 years of double-digit growth -Full year guidance confirmed April 20  2023 Q1 2023 reported net revenue...,Publicis Finance ServicesFirst Quarter 2023 RevenueStrong start to 2023 after 2 years of double-digit growth-Full year guidance confirmedApril 20  2023Q1 2023 reported net revenue up 10%Organic growth of +7.1% above expectations after +10.5% in Q1 last year: Epsilon and Publicis Sapient both significantly accretive at +10% and +11% organic Continued strong performance in the U.S. at +5.8% organic Acceleration in Europe to +12.3% organic China posting solid numbers at +3.7% organic growthContinued New Business dynamics in Q1 after topping industry rankings 4 times in 5 years2023 guidance confirmed despite rising macroeconomic uncertainties  organic growth now expected to reach the top half of the 3 to 5% rangeQ1 2023Revenue €3 458m Net revenue €3 079m Reported growth +10.0% Organic growth +7.1%Arthur Sadoun  Chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe:“After two years of double digit growth  we posted a strong start to 2023.In Q1  our net revenue was up +10% again on a reported basis. Organic growth was +7.1%  demonstrating once more the ability of our differentiated model to gain market share. The U.S. continued their strong performance with +5.8% organic growth  Europe accelerated to +12.3% and China posted a solid +3.7% despite the health situation in the country.Since 2019  we’ve expanded our first quarter net revenue by +45% on a reported basis  of which +18% organically. Putting this performance in perspective  the Groupe has actually changed dimension in recent years  rising to the number 2 position in the industry in terms of revenue.Our differentiated revenue mix  with one third in data and tech  allowed us to grow faster than both the industry and the global economy in the last three years. This continued to be the case in Q1 this year  with Epsilon & Publicis Sapient again accretive to our growth at +10% and +11% organic respectively. It was also visible in our Media and Creative activities  that were very solid in the quarter.Story continuesNot only do those capabilities at scale lead us to outpace competition  but they also set us apart in the way we go to market. With Epsilon’s real time data and Publicis Sapient’s technology embedded in our Creative and Media offerings  our New Business momentum continued in Q1 after topping the leagues 4 times in the last 5 years  with recent wins like Adobe or Walgreens Media  Sonepar Business Transformation  Mondelez Production and Dunkin US Creative.It is this differentiated revenue mix  our go-to-market and our platform organization  allowing us to invest in growth while delivering industry-high margins  which drive our confidence to achieve all of our 2023 KPIs guidance.Actually  despite an increasingly challenging macroeconomic environment  we now anticipate that organic growth for the year will come in at the top half of our +3% to +5% guidance  while delivering 17.5% to 18% operating margin and circa 1.6 billion Euros in free cash flow.I would like to thank our teams for their continued efforts and our clients for their trust.”* **NET REVENUE IN Q1 2023Publicis Groupe’s net revenue in Q1 2023 was 3 079 million euros  up +10.0% from 2 800 million euros in 2022. Exchange rates had a positive impact of 61 million euros. Acquisitions  net of disposals  accounted for an increase in net revenue of 14 million euros. Organic growth reached +7.1%.Breakdown of Q1 2023 Net revenue by regionEUR Net revenue Reported Organic million Q1 2023 Q1 2022 Growth Growth North America 1 938 1 748 +10.9% +5.7% Europe 743 662 +12.2% +12.3% Asia Pacific 250 261 -4.2% +0.8% Middle East & Africa 88 75 +17.3% +16.6% Latin America 60 54 +11.1% +7.8% Total 3 079 2 800 +10.0% +7.1%North America net revenue was up +10.9% on a reported basis in Q1 2023  including a positive impact of the US dollar to Euro exchange rate. Organic growth in the region was +5.7%. In the U.S.  organic growth came at +5.8%. Both Epsilon and Publicis Sapient were again accretive to the country’s growth this quarter. Epsilon posted +10% organic growth  while Publicis Sapient grew +8% organically on top of +16% in Q1 last year. Media and Creative activities were very solid  both recording mid single-digit organic increase. Canada was up +3.2% organically.Net revenue in Europe was up by +12.2% on a reported basis. It was up by +12.8% on an organic basis  or +12.3% including the contribution of our Outdoor Media activities & the Drugstore. Organic growth in the U.K. was +23.9%  led by another very strong performance of Publicis Sapient and the benefit of 2022 global Media new business wins. Organic growth in France was +2.9%1 mainly driven by Media. Germany posted a strong +10.4% organic growth mostly driven by Media and Publicis Sapient. Central & Eastern Europe was up +11.0% organically  with double-digit growth in Turkey  Czech Republic and Hungary.Net revenue in Asia Pacific decreased by 4.2% on a reported basis  and was up +0.8% on an organic basis. China posted a solid performance at +3.7% organically despite the health situation in the country. While Thailand was negative due to the phasing of a large project  Australia posted +5.4% organic growth  Malaysia and Vietnam were up double-digit.In Middle East & Africa  net revenue was up +17.3% on a reported basis  and +16.6% organically. Organic growth was largely driven by Creative and Publicis Sapient in Middle-East  and Media in Africa.Net revenue in Latin America was up +11.1% on a reported basis  and +7.8% organically  with most countries reporting growth this quarter  largely driven by Media.___________________1 excluding Outdoor Media activities & the DrugstoreBreakdown of net revenue at March 31  2023 by sectorOn the basis of 3 036 clients representing 92% of Groupe net revenueNET DEBT AND LIQUIDITYNet debt totaled 442 million euros at the end of March 2023 compared with a net cash position of 634 million euros at year-end 2022  reflecting the seasonality in the activity. Net debt was 718 million euros at the end of March 2022. The Groupe’s last twelve month average net debt amounted to 563 million euros at the end of March 2023  down from 1 277 million euros in March 2022.The Groupe’s liquidity position remains very solid  at 5.4 billion euros.ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALSOn January 3  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Yieldify  a London-based marketing technology company. Founded in 2013  Yieldify’s leading platform and service enable companies to better personalize consumers’ website experiences  driving incremental revenue and other desired outcomes by delivering the right message at the right time based on a consumer's profile and stage in their purchase journey. Yieldify will become part of Epsilon  and its onsite personalization  conversion optimization and customer journey offerings will complement Epsilon PeopleCloud to better address the mid-market.On January 10  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Advertise BG  one of the leading performance marketing agencies in Bulgaria. The strategic acquisition will further reinforce Publicis Groupe Bulgaria’s competencies in digital transformation  adding firepower to its existing offering across digital strategy  data  social media  and digital content creation.On March 30  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Practia  based in Buenos Aires  a leading Latin America independent technology company and provider of digital business transformation services. With its 1 200 experienced professionals  this acquisition will position Publicis Sapient to enter the Latin America market while establishing a foundation for a nearshore delivery platform that will enable the company to better service clients based in North America.OUTLOOKDespite rising macroeconomic uncertainties  the Groupe confirms all of the 2023 KPIs set in February thanks to the strength of its model.When it comes to organic growth  the Groupe is increasingly confident to reach the top half of the +3% to +5% range for the full year thanks to its strong Q1 and an expected solid Q2 between +3% and +5%.The Groupe reiterates its 2023 guidance of 17.5% to 18% operating margin rate and circa 1.6 billion Euros of Free Cash Flow1 before change in working capital.___________________1 Based on 1.08 EUR/USD exchange rateNEW BUSINESSEUROPESanten France (Health)  Glaxo Smith Kline (Health)  Comité Colbert (Creative)  Speedy (Data)  Carlsberg (Creative)  Abeille Assurances (Creative)  Visa (Technology)  DomusVi (Technology)  DocuSign (Creative)  The Football Association Premier League (Creative)  Allwyn (Creative)  Pivovara Daruvar (Creative)  heroal (Creative)  Deutsche Telekom (Creative)  DATEV (Influence)  Samsung (DTC)  PepsiCo (Media)  L’Oréal (Media)  Tesco (Creative)  Asda (Technology)  Renault (Influence)  FoodWell (Media)  Notino (Media)  Casavo (Creative)  La Poste (Media)  Dream Games (Media)  Cassa Depositi e Prestiti (Media)  Meggle (Media)  Île-de-France Mobilités (Creative)NORTH AMERICAKrafton (Influence)  Intuit (Creative)  Shelter Movers (Influence)  Universite de Sherbrooke (Creative)  Steak 'n Shake (Creative)  Loblaws (Cretaive)  Mattress Firm (Creative)  Jasco Games (Creative)  Wondery (CRM)  McDonalds (CRM)  Milton Hershey School (Influence)  University of Oklahoma (Production)  Progress Residential (Production)  Wyndham Hotels & Resorts (Production)  Robert Walters (Production)  HP  Sun Life of Canada (Commerce)  Rite Aid (Media)  The PUR Company (Media)  MTY Food Group (Influence)  General Mills (Commerce)  Dunkin’ (Creative)  Walgreens (Media)  KB Home (Creative)  Burger King (Creative)ASIA PACIFIC/MEAMiele (CRM)  United Homeware Company (Creative)  Krungthai Bank (Creative)  Anker (Media)  Royal Automobile Club (Media)  Charles & Keith (Commerce)  Nick Did This (Media)  Nine Network (Creative)  Essity  OSHO  LVMH  Cathay Pacific Airways  Pepsico  Duolingo  AIA Company  Haleon  LOréal  The Standard Bank of South Africa  Sanofi  Nestlé  Diageo  Mondelez  Pizza Hut (Creative)  Cancer Council Victoria (Media)  Emirates NBD (Creative)  Grupo Bimbo (Creative)  Microsoft (Influence)  JioMart (Creative)  AkBank (Media)LATAMLOréal (Media)  Bayer (Media)  Samsung (Media)  Nestlé (Creative)  PicPay (Creative)GLOBALAdobe (Media)  Mondelez (Production)  King (Creative)  Ninjacart (Creative)  Alvarium Tiedemann (Creative)DisclaimerCertain information contained in this document  other than historical information  may constitute forward-looking statements or unaudited financial forecasts. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are presented at the date of this document and  other than as required by applicable law  Publicis Groupe does not assume any obligation to update them to reflect new information or events or for any other reason. Publicis Groupe urges you to carefully consider the risk factors that may affect its business  as set out in the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) and which is available on the website of Publicis Groupe (www.publicisgroupe.com).About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 98 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | Twitter:@PublicisGroupe | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Viva la Difference!ContactsPublicis GroupeLizzie Dewhurst Corporate Communications +44 794 991 81 94 lizzie.dewhurst@publicis.com Michelle McGowan Corporate Communications +1 312 315 5259 michelle.mcgowan@publicisgroupe.com Alessandra Girolami Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 77 88 alessandra.girolami@publicisgroupe.com Lionel Benchimol Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 70 27 lionel.benchimol@publicisgroupe.com Lorène Fleury Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 57 24 lorene.fleury@publicisgroupe.comAppendicesNet revenue: organic growth calculation(million euro) Q1 Impact of currencyat end March 2023(million euro) 2022 net revenue 2 800 GBP (2) (13) Currency impact (2) 61 USD (2) 78 2022 net revenue at 2023 exchange rates (a) 2 861 Others (4) 2023 net revenue before acquisition impact (b) 3 065 Total 61 Net revenue from acquisitions (1) 14 2023 net revenue 3 079 Organic growth (b/a) +7.1%Acquisitions (Profitero  Tremend  Wiredcraft  Tquila  Yieldify  Retargetly  Bizon  VivNetworks  Cheat  Changi  Advertise Bulgaria  Perlu and Like-A-Rainbow)  net of disposals (Russia  Qorvis and Makers Lab) EUR = USD 1.073 on average in Q1 2023 vs. USD 1.123 on average in Q1 2022EUR = GBP 0.883 on average in Q1 2023 vs. GBP 0.836 on average in Q1 2022DefinitionsNet revenue or Revenue less pass-through costs: Pass-through costs mainly concern production and media activities  as well as various expenses incumbent on clients. These items that can be re-billed to clients do not come within the scope of assessment of operations  net revenue is a more relevant indicator to measure the operational performance of the Groupe’s activities.Organic growth: Change in net revenue excluding the impact of acquisitions  disposals and currencies.Net Debt (or financial net debt): Sum of long and short financial debt and associated derivatives  net of treasury and cash equivalents  excluding lease liability since 1st January 2018.Average net debt: Average of monthly net debt at end of month.Find the press release here,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.63,0.19,0.18,True,English,"['First Quarter 2023 Revenue', 'Publicis Groupe', '2022 global Media new business wins', 'mid single-digit organic increase', 'first quarter net revenue', 'North America net revenue', 'New Business dynamics', 'New Business momentum', 'Sonepar Business Transformation', 'rising macroeconomic uncertainties', 'challenging macroeconomic environment', 'free cash flow', 'Euro exchange rate', 'First Quarter 2023 Revenue', 'Publicis Finance Services', 'real time data', 'differentiated revenue mix', 'double digit growth', 'EUR Net revenue', 'The U.S.', 'Dunkin US Creative', 'Outdoor Media activities', 'last three years', 'Full year guidance', 'strong +10.4% organic growth', 'global economy', 'recent wins', 'differentiated model', 'Latin America', 'Exchange rates', 'US dollar', 'Creative activities', 'U.K.', 'last 5 years', 'Strong start', '+5.8% organic Acceleration', 'Publicis Sapient', '+3.7% organic growth', '+5.8% organic growth', '+10% organic growth', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'health situation', 'number 2 position', 'one third', 'Media offerings', 'Walgreens Media', 'Mondelez Production', 'platform organization', 'industry-high margins', '18% operating margin', '1.6 billion Euros', 'continued efforts', '3,079 million euros', '2,800 million euros', 'positive impact', '61 million euros', '14 million euros', 'Asia Pacific', 'Middle East', 'Czech Republic', 'strong performance', 'double-digit growth', 'two years', 'recent years', '2022 Growth Growth', 'Publicis Groupe', '2023 KPIs guidance', 'solid numbers', 'top half', '3 to 5% range', '3% organic China', 'solid performance', 'organic basis', 'Q1 last', 'industry rankings', 'market share', 'Eastern Europe', '2 years', '2023 guidance', '+5% guidance', 'solid +3.', '17.5% to', 'April', 'expectations', 'Epsilon', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'ability', 'country', 'perspective', 'dimension', 'terms', 'case', 'Story', 'capabilities', 'scale', 'competition', 'way', 'technology', 'leagues', 'Adobe', 'confidence', 'teams', 'clients', 'trust', 'Acquisitions', 'disposals', 'Breakdown', 'region', 'Africa', 'Canada', 'contribution', 'Drugstore', 'benefit', 'France', 'Germany', 'Central', 'Turkey', 'Hungary', 'Thailand']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23390,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDENRED-SE-6365724/news/Edenred-extends-its-Employee-Engagement-offer-in-Latin-America-with-the-acquisition-of-GOintegro-43547852/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Edenred extends its Employee Engagement offer in Latin America with the acquisition of GOintegro,(marketscreener.com)  Edenred extends its Employee Engagement offer in Latin America with the acquisition of GOintegro Edenred  a leading digital platform for services and payments and worldwide leader in Employee Benefits  today announced the signing of an a…,Edenred extends its Employee Engagement offer in Latin America with the acquisition of GOintegroEdenred  a leading digital platform for services and payments and worldwide leader in Employee Benefits  today announced the signing of an agreement to acquire 75% of the share capital of GOintegro  a Latin American provider of a SaaS1 employee engagement platform. GOintegro offers a broad range of engagement solutions  designed to help companies enhance their organizational culture and be an employer of choice in attracting and retaining talents.The acquisition of GOintegro illustrates Edenred’s ambition – set out in the Beyond 22-25 strategic plan - to be the everyday platform for people at work  notably by extending the scope of its portfolio. Through the integration of GOintegro’s modular employee engagement platform  Edenred broadens its offer and strengthens its lead in the Latin America's Employee Benefits market.Founded in 2002  GOintegro combines superior technological innovation with HR expertise to increase employee engagement at work through services such as savings & discounts  reward & recognition programs  wellbeing content or internal communication and pulse surveys. GOintegro provides these solutions through a unique multi-module platform available in seven Latin American countries2. GOintegro’s 130 employees serve more than 1.2 million users and 500 clients  including large companies such as Bayer  General Electric  HP and PepsiCo.As a worldwide leader in Employee Benefits  Edenred has successfully extended its portfolio into non-Meal & Food benefits over the years. The Group has notably developed a leading offer in Employee Savings and Benefits management platforms in 12 countries  including flagship solutions such as ProwebCE in France  Ekivita in Belgium  and Easywelfare in Italy. The acquisition of GOintegro marks a new step forward in the rollout of Edenred’s Beyond 22-25 strategy  as it helps the Group accelerate the expansion of its Employee Benefits offer in Latin America’s Rewards & Recognition and Well-Being markets. Thanks to a highly complementary product range  and a similar geographical footprint  Edenred is ideally positioned to leverage GOintegro’s offer and thereby strengthen its value proposition for HR managers in Latin America.The transaction is subject to the approval of the Brazilian competition authority and is expected to close by June 2023.Arnaud Erulin  Chief Operating Officer  Employee Benefits  at Edenred  said: “Through the acquisition of GOintegro  Edenred is taking a new step forward in the deployment of its Beyond 22-25 strategy. The combination of Edenred’s unrivaled expertise in Employee Benefits and GOintegro’s leadership in employee engagement in Latin America creates a leader in the region with strong growth ambitions. We are delighted to welcome GOintegro’s teams to Edenred and look forward to integrating their offering into our unique platform.”German Dyzenchauz  Chief Executive Officer at GOintegro  said: “We are extremely proud to join Edenred  as we share the same human values and vision of being the everyday platform for people at work. We see amazing synergies between Edenred’s unique products and footprint in Latin America and our world-class employee engagement platform which will accelerate our impact and growth in the coming months and years.”▬▬About EdenredEdenred is a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  connecting 52 million users and 2 million partner merchants in 45 countries via 950 000 corporate clients.Edenred offers specific-purpose payment solutions for food (such as meal benefits)  incentives (such as gift cards  employee engagement platforms)  mobility (such as multi-energy  maintenance  toll  parking and commuter solutions) and corporate payments (such as virtual cards).True to the Group’s purpose  “Enrich connections. For good.”  these solutions enhance users’ well-being and purchasing power. They improve companies’ attractiveness and efficiency  and vitalize the employment market and the local economy. They also foster access to healthier food  more environmentally friendly products and softer mobility.Edenred’s 10 000 employees are committed to making the world of work a connected ecosystem that is safer  more efficient and more responsible every day.In 2022  thanks to its global technology assets  the Group managed some €38 billion in business volume  primarily carried out via mobile applications  online platforms and cards.Edenred is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange and included in the following indices: CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  CAC Large 60  Euronext 100  FTSE4Good and MSCI Europe.The logos and other trademarks mentioned and featured in this press release are registered trademarks of Edenred S.E.  its subsidiaries or third parties. They may not be used for commercial purposes without prior written consent from their owners.▬▬CONTACTSCommunications DepartmentEmmanuelle Châtelain+33 (0)1 86 67 24 36 emmanuelle.chatelain@edenred.comMedia RelationsMatthieu Santalucia+33 (0)1 86 67 22 63matthieu.santalucia@edenred.com Investor RelationsCédric Appert+33 (0)1 86 67 24 99cedric.appert@edenred.comBaptiste Fournier+33 (0)1 86 67 20 73baptiste.fournier@edenred.com1 Software as a service2 Brazil  Mexico  Chile  Argentina  Colombia  Peru and UruguayAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.8,0.19,0.0,True,English,"['Employee Engagement offer', 'Latin America', 'Edenred', 'acquisition', 'GOintegro', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'SaaS1 employee engagement platform', 'modular employee engagement platform', 'world-class employee engagement platform', 'seven Latin American countries', 'superior technological innovation', 'Brazilian competition authority', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'same human values', 'global technology assets', 'prior written consent', 'CONTACTS Communications Department', 'Emmanuelle Châtelain', 'Latin American provider', 'leading digital platform', '22-25 strategic plan', 'complementary product range', 'environmentally friendly products', 'employee engagement platforms', 'unique multi-module platform', '2 million partner merchants', 'Benefits management platforms', 'similar geographical footprint', 'strong growth ambitions', 'specific-purpose payment solutions', 'Employee Engagement offer', 'Employee Benefits market', 'Edenred S.E.', 'Employee Benefits offer', 'Beyond 22-25 strategy', 'unique platform', 'everyday platform', 'unique products', 'engagement solutions', 'leading offer', 'online platforms', 'broad range', 'employment market', '1.2 million users', '52 million users', 'Employee Savings', 'share capital', 'organizational culture', 'HR expertise', 'wellbeing content', 'internal communication', 'pulse surveys', 'General Electric', 'Food benefits', 'new step', 'Well-Being markets', 'value proposition', 'HR managers', 'Arnaud Erulin', 'unrivaled expertise', 'German Dyzenchauz', 'amazing synergies', 'coming months', 'everyday companion', 'users’ well', 'purchasing power', 'local economy', 'connected ecosystem', 'business volume', 'mobile applications', 'following indices', 'MSCI Europe', 'other trademarks', 'press release', 'registered trademarks', 'third parties', 'commercial purposes', 'meal benefits', 'flagship solutions', 'commuter solutions', 'worldwide leader', 'large companies', 'gift cards', 'virtual cards', 'companies’ attractiveness', 'healthier food', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'CAC Next', 'recognition programs', '950,000 corporate clients', 'softer mobility', 'corporate payments', 'The Group', '12 countries', '45 countries', '500 clients', 'acquisition', 'GOintegro', 'services', 'signing', 'agreement', 'employer', 'choice', 'talents', 'people', 'work', 'scope', 'portfolio', 'integration', 'discounts', 'reward', '130 employees', 'Bayer', 'HP', 'PepsiCo', 'years', 'ProwebCE', 'France', 'Ekivita', 'Belgium', 'Easywelfare', 'Italy', 'rollout', 'expansion', 'transaction', 'approval', 'June', 'deployment', 'combination', 'leadership', 'region', 'teams', 'offering', 'vision', 'impact', 'incentives', 'multi-energy', 'maintenance', 'toll', 'parking', 'connections', 'efficiency', 'access', '10,000 employees', 'FTSE4Good', 'logos', 'subsidiaries', 'owners', 'chatelain']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23391,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/20/2650652/0/en/Edenred-extends-its-Employee-Engagement-offer-in-Latin-America-with-the-acquisition-of-GOintegro.html,Edenred extends its Employee Engagement offer in Latin America with the acquisition of GOintegro,Edenred extends its Employee Engagement offer in Latin America with the acquisition of GOintegro  Edenred  a leading digital platform for services and......,English FrenchEdenred extends its Employee Engagement offer in Latin America with the acquisition of GOintegroEdenred  a leading digital platform for services and payments and worldwide leader in Employee Benefits  today announced the signing of an agreement to acquire 75% of the share capital of GOintegro  a Latin American provider of a SaaS1 employee engagement platform. GOintegro offers a broad range of engagement solutions  designed to help companies enhance their organizational culture and be an employer of choice in attracting and retaining talents.The acquisition of GOintegro illustrates Edenred’s ambition – set out in the Beyond 22-25 strategic plan - to be the everyday platform for people at work  notably by extending the scope of its portfolio. Through the integration of GOintegro’s modular employee engagement platform  Edenred broadens its offer and strengthens its lead in the Latin America's Employee Benefits market.Founded in 2002  GOintegro combines superior technological innovation with HR expertise to increase employee engagement at work through services such as savings & discounts  reward & recognition programs  wellbeing content or internal communication and pulse surveys. GOintegro provides these solutions through a unique multi-module platform available in seven Latin American countries2. GOintegro’s 130 employees serve more than 1.2 million users and 500 clients  including large companies such as Bayer  General Electric  HP and PepsiCo.As a worldwide leader in Employee Benefits  Edenred has successfully extended its portfolio into non-Meal & Food benefits over the years. The Group has notably developed a leading offer in Employee Savings and Benefits management platforms in 12 countries  including flagship solutions such as ProwebCE in France  Ekivita in Belgium  and Easywelfare in Italy. The acquisition of GOintegro marks a new step forward in the rollout of Edenred’s Beyond 22-25 strategy  as it helps the Group accelerate the expansion of its Employee Benefits offer in Latin America’s Rewards & Recognition and Well-Being markets. Thanks to a highly complementary product range  and a similar geographical footprint  Edenred is ideally positioned to leverage GOintegro’s offer and thereby strengthen its value proposition for HR managers in Latin America.The transaction is subject to the approval of the Brazilian competition authority and is expected to close by June 2023.Arnaud Erulin  Chief Operating Officer  Employee Benefits  at Edenred  said: “Through the acquisition of GOintegro  Edenred is taking a new step forward in the deployment of its Beyond 22-25 strategy. The combination of Edenred’s unrivaled expertise in Employee Benefits and GOintegro’s leadership in employee engagement in Latin America creates a leader in the region with strong growth ambitions. We are delighted to welcome GOintegro’s teams to Edenred and look forward to integrating their offering into our unique platform.”German Dyzenchauz  Chief Executive Officer at GOintegro  said: “We are extremely proud to join Edenred  as we share the same human values and vision of being the everyday platform for people at work. We see amazing synergies between Edenred’s unique products and footprint in Latin America and our world-class employee engagement platform which will accelerate our impact and growth in the coming months and years.”▬▬About EdenredEdenred is a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  connecting 52 million users and 2 million partner merchants in 45 countries via 950 000 corporate clients.Edenred offers specific-purpose payment solutions for food (such as meal benefits)  incentives (such as gift cards  employee engagement platforms)  mobility (such as multi-energy  maintenance  toll  parking and commuter solutions) and corporate payments (such as virtual cards).True to the Group’s purpose  “Enrich connections. For good.”  these solutions enhance users’ well-being and purchasing power. They improve companies’ attractiveness and efficiency  and vitalize the employment market and the local economy. They also foster access to healthier food  more environmentally friendly products and softer mobility.Edenred’s 10 000 employees are committed to making the world of work a connected ecosystem that is safer  more efficient and more responsible every day.In 2022  thanks to its global technology assets  the Group managed some €38 billion in business volume  primarily carried out via mobile applications  online platforms and cards.Edenred is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange and included in the following indices: CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  CAC Large 60  Euronext 100  FTSE4Good and MSCI Europe.The logos and other trademarks mentioned and featured in this press release are registered trademarks of Edenred S.E.  its subsidiaries or third parties. They may not be used for commercial purposes without prior written consent from their owners.▬▬CONTACTSCommunications DepartmentEmmanuelle Châtelain+33 (0)1 86 67 24 36 emmanuelle.chatelain@edenred.comMedia RelationsMatthieu Santalucia+33 (0)1 86 67 22 63matthieu.santalucia@edenred.com Investor RelationsCédric Appert+33 (0)1 86 67 24 99cedric.appert@edenred.comBaptiste Fournier+33 (0)1 86 67 20 73baptiste.fournier@edenred.com1 Software as a service2 Brazil  Mexico  Chile  Argentina  Colombia  Peru and UruguayAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.86,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['Employee Engagement offer', 'Latin America', 'Edenred', 'acquisition', 'GOintegro', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'SaaS1 employee engagement platform', 'modular employee engagement platform', 'world-class employee engagement platform', 'seven Latin American countries', 'superior technological innovation', 'Brazilian competition authority', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'same human values', 'global technology assets', 'prior written consent', 'CONTACTS Communications Department', 'Emmanuelle Châtelain', 'Latin American provider', 'leading digital platform', 'complementary product range', 'environmentally friendly products', 'employee engagement platforms', '22-25 strategic plan', 'unique multi-module platform', '2 million partner merchants', 'Benefits management platforms', 'similar geographical footprint', 'strong growth ambitions', 'specific-purpose payment solutions', 'Employee Engagement offer', 'Employee Benefits market', 'Edenred S.E.', 'Employee Benefits offer', 'unique platform', 'everyday platform', 'unique products', 'engagement solutions', 'leading offer', 'online platforms', 'broad range', 'employment market', '1.2 million users', '22-25 strategy', '52 million users', 'Employee Savings', 'English French', 'share capital', 'organizational culture', 'HR expertise', 'wellbeing content', 'internal communication', 'pulse surveys', 'General Electric', 'Food benefits', 'new step', 'Well-Being markets', 'value proposition', 'HR managers', 'Arnaud Erulin', 'unrivaled expertise', 'German Dyzenchauz', 'amazing synergies', 'coming months', 'everyday companion', 'users’ well', 'purchasing power', 'local economy', 'connected ecosystem', 'business volume', 'mobile applications', 'following indices', 'MSCI Europe', 'other trademarks', 'press release', 'registered trademarks', 'third parties', 'commercial purposes', 'meal benefits', 'flagship solutions', 'commuter solutions', 'worldwide leader', 'gift cards', 'virtual cards', 'healthier food', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'CAC Next', 'recognition programs', 'large companies', '950,000 corporate clients', 'softer mobility', 'corporate payments', 'The Group', '12 countries', '45 countries', '500 clients', 'acquisition', 'GOintegro', 'services', 'signing', 'agreement', 'employer', 'choice', 'talents', 'Beyond', 'people', 'work', 'scope', 'portfolio', 'integration', 'discounts', 'reward', '130 employees', 'Bayer', 'HP', 'PepsiCo', 'years', 'ProwebCE', 'France', 'Ekivita', 'Belgium', 'Easywelfare', 'Italy', 'rollout', 'expansion', 'transaction', 'approval', 'June', 'deployment', 'combination', 'leadership', 'region', 'teams', 'offering', 'vision', 'impact', 'incentives', 'multi-energy', 'maintenance', 'toll', 'parking', 'connections', 'attractiveness', 'efficiency', 'access', '10,000 employees', 'FTSE4Good', 'logos', 'subsidiaries', 'owners']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,globenewswire.com
23392,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUTELSAT-COMMUNICATIONS-5147/news/Eutelsat-Communications-Joins-The-GSOA-Driving-the-Satellite-Communications-Ecosystem-of-the-Futu-43594370/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Eutelsat Communications : Joins The GSOA  Driving the Satellite Communications Ecosystem of the Future,(marketscreener.com)   Paris  Brussels  20 April 2023 - Eutelsat Communications announces that it has become a full member of the Brussels-based Global Satellite Operators Association   the global CEO-driven association representing global and regional sate…,"Paris  Brussels  20 April 2023 - Eutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) announces that it has become a full member of the Brussels-based Global Satellite Operators Association (GSOA)  the global CEO-driven association representing global and regional satellite operators.By joining GSOA  Eutelsat showcases its support towards a robust satellite communications sector with a united global voice  connecting the world in a sustainable way. Together with its fellow counterparts  Eutelsat intends to fully participate in shaping the satellite communications ecosystem of the future. Whether it be the availability of satellite frequency bands  to promoting the responsible use of space  to connecting the underserved  the multi-fold and strategic challenges in space require cooperation.Eutelsat adheres to the Association's endeavours  notably ensuring the availability of satellite frequency bands during the ongoing World Radiocommunication Conference 2023 (WRC-23) process  key to allowing space technology to fully deploy its potential to serve the world's connectivity needs.GSOA is recognised as the representative body for satellite operators by international  regional and national bodies including regulators  policymakers  standards-setting organisations such as the 3rd Generation Partnership Project (3GPP)  and international organisations like the International Telecommunications Union (ITU) and the World Economic Forum (WEF). Through GSOA  the satellite sector is working to respond to the requirements for a better data-driven society. Robust and scalable satellite infrastructures are ideally placed to bridge the digital  social  education and healthcare divides as well as  to be part of the 5G  6G  and IoT ecosystems.""I am thrilled to work with Eva Berneke  Eutelsat CEO and her team to deliver the benefits of satellite communication to citizens and governments and move the industry a step forward in delivering connectivity anywhere  anytime"" - commented Isabelle Mauro  GSOA Director General.Eva Berneke  Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer  added: ""Our teams are most enthusiastic to join GSOA at a time of major transformational changes in the industry  with a booming connectivity market  breakthrough innovations  and a considerable increase in the number of players involved. Implicated at various levels and in several working groups within the GSOA  we are eager to support the global satcoms industry on a resilient  responsible and innovative path"".",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.72,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['Satellite Communications Ecosystem', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'The', 'GSOA', 'Future', 'Brussels-based Global Satellite Operators Association', '3rd Generation Partnership Project', 'ongoing World Radiocommunication Conference 2023', 'Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer', 'robust satellite communications sector', 'global CEO-driven association', 'united global voice', 'satellite communications ecosystem', 'satellite frequency bands', 'scalable satellite infrastructures', 'digital, social, education', 'major transformational changes', 'several working groups', 'regional satellite operators', 'International Telecommunications Union', 'World Economic Forum', 'booming connectivity market', 'global satcoms industry', 'GSOA Director General', 'satellite sector', 'international, regional', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'international organisations', 'full member', 'sustainable way', 'fellow counterparts', 'responsible use', 'strategic challenges', 'WRC-23) process', 'connectivity needs', 'representative body', 'national bodies', 'standards-setting organisations', 'data-driven society', 'healthcare divides', '5G, 6G', 'IoT ecosystems', 'Eva Berneke', 'Isabelle Mauro', 'breakthrough innovations', 'considerable increase', 'various levels', 'resilient, responsible', 'innovative path', 'Eutelsat CEO', 'Euronext Paris', 'space technology', 'ETL', 'support', 'future', 'availability', 'multi-fold', 'cooperation', 'endeavours', 'potential', 'regulators', 'policymakers', 'ITU', 'WEF', 'requirements', 'team', 'benefits', 'citizens', 'governments', 'step', 'time', 'number', 'players']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23393,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MONNALISA-S-P-A-44934229/news/Monnalisa-Taking-strides-towards-a-more-transparent-and-sustainable-future-thanks-to-the-blockchain-43593337/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Monnalisa: Taking strides towards a more transparent and sustainable future thanks to the blockchain,(marketscreener.com)    MONNALISA®     MONNALISA: TAKING STRIDES TOWARDS A MORE TRANSPARENT AND   SUSTAINABLE FUTURE THANKS TO THE BLOCKCHAIN   The Group is among the first companies in the childrenswear sector to make use of blockchain technolo…,"MONNALISA: TAKING STRIDES TOWARDS A MORE TRANSPARENT ANDSUSTAINABLE FUTURE THANKS TO THE BLOCKCHAINThe Group is among the first companies in the childrenswear sector to make use of blockchain technology  guaranteeing greater security and transparency  beginning with its Couture lineArezzo  April 20  2023Monnalisa S.p.A.  the operative holding company of the Monnalisa Group  the high-end childrenswear leader listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market organised and managed by Borsa Italiana  is among the first companies in the childrenswear sector to adopt Blockchain technology through a pilot project in its Couture line. This makes use of the ""Progetto Track IT Blockchain"" set up by ICE - the Italian government agency dedicated to promoting Italian companies and helping them expand internationally. The project is in line with Monnalisa's corporate culture  which brings together innovation  research and creativity to ensure the quality  sustainability and safety of every item of clothing the company produces.Using the blockchain brings all of the supply chain information together in a single digital register that is decentralised  transparent  secure and unchangeable. By doing so  it protects the Group's high-endrange - and the brand itself - from counterfeit and ""Italian-sounding""products.This is an ambitious project that makes use of Algorand technology  a ""Made in Italy"" blockchain which  by making efficient use of energy and being entirely carbon neutral  is sustainable and which therefore confirms Monnalisa's constant commitment to minimising the impact of its activities on natural resources and climate change.The project will be launched at the presentation of the four Couture line models  both at the online shop www.monnalisa.comand at the mono- and multi-brand boutiques.Monnalisa Couture garments will feature a special label with a ""smart-tag""  allowing consumers to visit a dedicated web page from their smartphones where they can consult all the registered product information available. This includes brand storytelling  the model name and identification code  a 360-degree interactive product experience  the creative idea behind the model  traceability in the production chain  and the attestations and certifications of the fabric and accessories used.MONNALISA S.p.A.Via Madame Curie  7 - 52100 Arezzo - Italy VAT No. 01163300518www.monnalisa.com - e-mailinfo@monnalisa.eu- ph. +39 0575 9850.1 - fax +39 0575 9850.20",positive,0.61,0.38,0.0,mixed,0.52,0.27,0.2,True,English,"['sustainable future', 'Monnalisa', 'strides', 'transparent', 'blockchain', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', '360-degree interactive product experience', 'four Couture line models', 'Monnalisa S.p.A.', 'SUSTAINABLE FUTURE THANKS', 'single digital register', 'dedicated web page', 'Via Madame Curie', 'Italian government agency', 'high-end childrenswear leader', 'operative holding company', 'supply chain information', 'Monnalisa Couture garments', 'product information', 'Italian companies', 'production chain', 'childrenswear sector', 'MORE TRANSPARENT', 'first companies', 'greater security', 'Borsa Italiana', 'Progetto Track', 'corporate culture', 'Italian-sounding""products', 'Algorand technology', 'constant commitment', 'natural resources', 'climate change', 'online shop', 'multi-brand boutiques', 'special label', 'identification code', 'creative idea', 'VAT No.', 'blockchain technology', 'IT Blockchain', 'pilot project', 'ambitious project', 'brand storytelling', 'model name', 'Monnalisa Group', 'efficient use', 'The Group', 'Italy"" blockchain', 'STRIDES', 'transparency', 'Arezzo', 'April', 'ICE', 'innovation', 'research', 'creativity', 'quality', 'sustainability', 'safety', 'item', 'clothing', 'high-endrange', 'counterfeit', 'energy', 'impact', 'activities', 'presentation', 'smart-tag', 'consumers', 'smartphones', 'traceability', 'attestations', 'certifications', 'fabric', 'accessories', 'mailinfo', 'fax']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23394,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CATERING-INTERNATIONAL-SE-5378/news/Catering-International-Services-20-04-2023-2022-annual-results-43594839/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Catering International Services : 20/04/2023 - 2022 annual results,(marketscreener.com)    PRESS RELEASE   Marseille  20 April 2023 - 5:45 p.m.   2022 annual results   Strong growth in revenue and results    Revenue of €325.7m    EBITDA: €22.5m  ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CATERING-INTER…,Business performance was driven by Eurasia and Sub-Saharan Africa. In South America  business volumes fell in the second half of the year before an expected rebound in 2023.Revenue at 31 December 2022 rose 20.3% compared with annual revenue for 2021 (growth of 9.6% on a constant currency basis).The Board of Directors met on 20 April 2023 to adopt the Group's consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022. The statutory auditors have completed their procedures for these accounts and their reports are in the process of being issued.PRESS RELEASEMeanwhile  in North Africa  contracts offering diminishing profitability were voluntarily not renewed in 2022.Sharp growth in earningsFor the 2022 financial year  CIS posted a 28.8% rise in EBITDA  which comes out to an operating margin of 6.9% (vs. 6.4% in 2021).Net profit totalled €9.6 million and Net Profit attributable to Group shareholders amounted to €8.8 million (up 73.3% compared with 2021).CIS boasts a solid financial position  with shareholders' equity of €64.3 million at 31 December 2022 (vs. €57.3 million at 31 December 2021) and cash flow of €57.4 million.Bank borrowings were reduced by €5.4 million in 2022 (down 19.5% from 31 December 2021).Proposed dividend payment of €0.159 per shareAt the next General Meeting of the shareholders  the Board of Directors will propose a dividend payment of €0.159 per share on 23 June 2023.2023 outlookCIS intends to carry this strong business momentum forward in 2023 by developing its activities and moving into new countries.In the current context of the global energy transition  CIS remains determined to seize new opportunities in the energy and mining sectors.Furthermore  as part of its Group CSR policy  CIS is developing solutions that help to limit the carbon footprint for its businesses and for its customers.Lastly  CIS is pursuing its acquisition strategy for its core business and in high value-added cleaning activities.About CISCIS was created in 1992 by its Chairman  Régis Arnoux. CIS Group has been supporting major players in the energy  mining  construction and armed forces sectors  at every stage of their projects  in the most remote offshore and onshore environments. As a provider of integrated services  CIS has a full range of services and turnkey solutions designed to assure the well-being and safety of the residents of our remote sites so that our customers can concentrate on their own core businesses.Present in 20 countries with nearly 250 operating sites and a worldwide staff today numbering nearly 12 000  CIS has a strong commitment to contributing to the economic and social development of the local populations and countries where it operates.Next press release: 02/08/2023  after the close of trading: H1 2023 revenueEuronext Growth Paris: ISIN FR0000064446Reuters: ALCIS.PA - Bloomberg: ALCIS:FP www.cis-integratedservices.com2,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.1,0.4,True,English,"['Catering International Services', '2022 annual results', 'high value-added cleaning activities', 'constant currency basis', 'next General Meeting', 'Régis Arnoux', 'consolidated financial statements', 'solid financial position', 'armed forces sectors', 'global energy transition', 'Group CSR policy', 'Next press release', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'strong business momentum', 'mining sectors', 'strong commitment', 'Business performance', 'business volumes', 'core business', 'Sub-Saharan Africa', 'South America', 'second half', 'statutory auditors', 'North Africa', 'diminishing profitability', 'Sharp growth', '2022 financial year', 'operating margin', 'Net profit', 'cash flow', 'Bank borrowings', 'current context', 'new opportunities', 'carbon footprint', 'acquisition strategy', 'major players', 'remote offshore', 'onshore environments', 'full range', 'remote sites', '250 operating sites', 'worldwide staff', 'social development', 'local populations', 'annual revenue', 'Group shareholders', ""shareholders' equity"", 'H1 2023 revenue', 'The Board', 'integrated services', 'turnkey solutions', 'new countries', 'CIS Group', 'businesses', '20 countries', 'Eurasia', 'rebound', '31 December', 'Directors', '20 April', 'procedures', 'accounts', 'reports', 'process', 'contracts', 'earnings', '28.8% rise', 'EBITDA', 'payment', '23 June', '2023 outlook', 'part', 'customers', 'Chairman', 'construction', 'stage', 'projects', 'provider', 'well-being', 'safety', 'residents', 'economic', 'close', 'trading', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'ALCIS', 'Bloomberg', '2021']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23395,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/roodmicrotec-n-v-publishes-2022-061000919.html,RoodMicrotec N.V. publishes 2022 annual report with audited financial statements,RoodMicrotec shows strong financial performance for the year 2022. Total income of EUR 16.5 million with an EBITDA of EUR 3.9 millionNet profit of EUR 2.4...,RoodMicrotec N.V.RoodMicrotec shows strong financial performance for the year 2022.Total income of EUR 1 6 .5 m illion with an EBITDA of EUR 3 . 9 millionN et profit of EUR 2 .4 millionCash flow from operating activities of EUR 3.6 millionDeventer  April 20  2023 – RoodMicrotec N.V.  a leading independent company for semiconductors supply and quality services  today publishes the Company’s Annual Report for the financial year 2022 including the audited consolidated and company financial statements. The 2022 Annual Report is available for download on the corporate website: www.roodmicrotec.com/en/investor-relations-en/financial-publications.The total income for 2022 amounted to EUR 16.5 million  which is 14% higher than in 2021 (EUR 14.5 million) resulting in a second consecutive year with double-digit growth. Notably  this is the highest total income since 2000  and it shows that RoodMicrotec is focusing on the right fast-growing future-oriented markets.“Once again  we managed to exceed the outlook and deliver a higher total income as well as a higher profit. In the first and second quarter of 2022  we generated a total income that was similar to the fourth quarter of 2021  which was a very good start of the year”  says Martin Sallenhag  CEO of RoodMicrotec. “In the third and fourth quarter of 2022  we saw a steady increase in total income making the full year the best in over 20 years. The profit before tax for the year as well as the overall liquidity put us in a good position for future investments in machinery and services. This allows us to focus on growing the business with new customer engagements.”Throughout the year  the Test Operations department continued to deliver outstanding results. The total income increased from EUR 7.9 million in 2021 to EUR 10.0 million in 2022  which is a growth of 26%. Our long term customers are increasing their demand and we are able to support them with additional capacity. In 2022  we have added both manpower and new machines to support the expanding business.Story continuesThe Supply Chain Management unit is growing thanks to long-term projects. The total income increased from EUR 3.4 million in 2021 to EUR 3.5 million in 2022  a growth of 5% year-over-year. This is also driving turnover in the other units  especially in the Test Operations department.In the Qualification & Failure Analysis department we have seen a big increase in request for counterfeit analysis. Due to the shortage of components  it is becoming more important to analyze the used components before going into mass production. RoodMicrotec is the first and only company in Germany to offer the counterfeit electronic parts standard SAE AS6081 as an accredited method according to DIN EN ISO/IEC 17025:2018.2022 HIGHLIGHTS / MAIN DEVELOPMENTSFinancialsTotal income: EUR 16.5 million (2021: EUR 14.5 million).EBITDA: EUR 3.9 million (2021: EUR 2.8 million). Balance sheet total: EUR 17.2 million (2021: EUR 15.0 million).Net result: EUR 2.4 million profit (2021: EUR 1.4 million profit).Net cash flow from operating activities: EUR 3.6 million (2021: EUR 2.0 million).Commercial/operationalRoodMicrotec has continued to expand its services in the areas defined in the Company’s technology roadmap. High frequency test solutions are being developed for our demanding customers based on this new technology and their demand for production test.The first projects to qualify high power electronics according AQG 324 have been started in the Qualification & Failure Analysis department. These new services have been added to handle high power devices aimed for battery management and control.RoodMicrotec and Rohde & Schwarz have been working together for over 10 years and in this period RoodMicrotec has carried out the test development for various high frequency ASICs used by Rohde & Schwarz in their products. RoodMicrotec performs wafer and component level tests as well as qualifications prior to product launch. For the coming years  further projects of this kind are already scheduled.The world leader in UWB (Ultra-Wideband) sensing solutions  Novelda  and RoodMicrotec have reached an agreement on qualification  test  and supply of a new generation of UWB devices. The Ultra-Wideband Sensor can detect the tiniest movements  even breathing and heartbeat. The cooperation with RoodMicrotec as European partner enables Novelda to manage faster qualification and industrialization of new products. Effective collaboration  both on engineering and management level  and combining each partner’s expertise is allowing ‘first time right’ development of test solutions  qualification processes  and the rapid launch of production testing and supply.The order book is at a higher level than in the beginning of the year  even though the total income was higher than budgeted. This means that the book-to-bill ratio was above 1 for the year.During 2022  we have continued to progress the booked SCM projects towards production through test program development as well as qualification work. Some projects have been released for production and we start to see the first volumes for these customers. The turn-key project for a Swiss customer  which includes the design of an ASIC by a design house partner  packaging of the device in Asia  qualification  and in-house test development  is progressing well. The volume production for this device will be launched early in 2023 in the RoodMicrotec facility in Nördlingen.The nationally and internationally funded APPLAUSE project “Advanced packaging for photonics  optics and electronics for low cost manufacturing in Europe ” fosters the European semiconductor value chain by building new tools  methods and processes for high volume manufacturing. RoodMicrotec has taken over the leadership of the work package “testing  reliability  failure analysis and metrology”. The project has delivered exceptional results with significant immediate or potential impact. The progress over the last period was convincing.As a full and final settlement of the 2012 perpetual bond  RoodMicrotec GmbH has paid Robus a total settlement amount of EUR 400k nominal  i.e. without any interest  in two equal nominal installments of EUR 200k on February 28  2022 and June 30  2022. This final settlement has been reached before and confirmed by the Regional Court of Hamburg in February 2022.Events after balance sheet dateRoodMicrotec GmbH has entered into an agreement for a full and final settlement with Prime Capital Debt SCS  SICAV-FIS – Robus Recovery Sub-Fund (“Robus”) regarding the perpetual bond that RoodMicrotec GmbH issued in 2010 and which is held by Robus.Following an oral hearing held on March 7  2023  both parties have reached agreement on a full and final settlement that was reached before and confirmed by the Regional Court of Frankfurt am Main. Pursuant to the settlement  RoodMicrotec GmbH shall pay a total amount of EUR 2 194k (110% of the nominal value of the perpetual bond issued in 2010)  in four equal installments of EUR 548k  by March 31  June 30  September 30  and December 31  2023.Key figures(x EUR 1 000 unless stated otherwise) 2022 2021 Results & Cash Total income 16 548 14 532 EBITDA 3 898 2 786 EBITDA as % of total income 23.6% 19.2% EBIT (operating result) 2 451 1 227 EBIT as % of total income 14.8% 8.4% Profit (loss) before tax 2 271 1 038 PBT as % of total income 13.7% 7.1% Net result 2 380 1 435 Net cash position (year-end) 3 682 2 558 Net cash flow from operating activities 3 553 2 049 Capital  Debt & Liquidity Ratios (at year-end) Total assets 17 197 15 014 Equity 7 850 5 583 Net debt1 -805 374 Invested capital (net debt + equity) 7 045 5 957 Gearing ratio (net debt / invested capital) -11% 6% Solvency (equity / total assets) 46% 37% Debt ratio (net debt / EBITDA) -0.2 0.1 Net working capital (working capital - net cash position) 211 317 Net working capital ratio (net working capital / total income) 1.3% 2.2% ROCE (EBIT / average invested capital) 37.7% 21.0% Assets (at year-end) Tangible and intangible fixed assets 8 765 8 295 Investments in (in)tangible fixed assets 1 743 681 Depreciation of (in)tangible fixed assets 1 447 1 559 Data per share (x EUR 1) Equity 0.105 0.074 Operating result 0.033 0.016 Net cash flow from operating activities 0.047 0.027 Net result 0.032 0.019 Share price: year end 0.205 0.201 Share price: highest in the year 0.215 0.267 Share price: lowest in the year 0.171 0.176 Other information Number of issued shares at year end (in millions of shares) 75.1 75.1 Average number of employees (FTE) 94 89 Total income / average FTE 176 163 Market capitalization (in EUR millions) 15.4 15.1Total income and resultIn 2022  RoodMicrotec’s total income of EUR 16.5 million was 14% higher than in 2021 (2021: EUR 14.5 million)  with 92% of its total sales effected in the European countries.Total income from the Automotive sector increased by 18% to EUR 8.1 million in 2022 (2021: EUR 6.9 million) and represents 49% of the total income. Total income in the Industrial / Medical sector increased by 7% to EUR 6.7 million in 2022 (2021: EUR 6.3 million) and represents 40% of the total income. The HiRel / Aerospace segment declined by 8% to EUR 0.8 million (2021: EUR 0.9 million) and with 5% only represents a small percentage of the total income. The income in this sector mainly consists of failure analysis and qualification work and this is very much depending on our customers’ design cycles. Total income in other sectors increased by 105% to EUR 0.9 million (2021: EUR 0.5 million).Total income by market sector:(x EUR 1 000) 2022 2021 change Automotive 8 094 6 886 17.5% Industrial / Medical 6 683 6 270 6.6% HiRel / Aerospace 849 926 -8.3% Others 922 450 104.9% Total 16 548 14 532 13.9%Throughout 2022  the Test Operations unit showed a strong increase  which was related to the superior services and the excellent position RoodMicrotec has with its existing and new customers. The Supply Chain Management unit showed a limited increase compared to last year. The sharp increase in the second half of 2022 compared to the first half of 2022 was due to a higher demand for existing products as well as the production ramp-up in the context of new long-term contracts. In 2022  the Qualification & Failure Analysis unit saw a decrease compared to 2021. However  the total income for the second half of 2022 was 9% higher than for the first half of 2022  which shows that new customer projects are now starting.Total income results per operational unit:(x EUR 1 000) 2022 2021 change Supply Chain Management 3 533 3 364 5.0% Test Operations 10 035 7 938 26.4% Qualification & Failure Analysis 2 980 3 230 -7.7% Total 16 548 14 532 13.9%Operating resultThe Company recorded an operating result for 2022 of EUR 2.5 million compared to EUR 1.2 million in 2021  and thus an increase of 99.8%. The increase in total income only led to a modest rise of expenses for raw materials and consumables (in 2021  expenditures for raw materials and consumables were exceptionally high due to a high level of wafer deliveries). Combined with a lower increase in operating expenses than in total income  this led to an increase in the operating margin from 8.4% in 2021 to 14.8% in 2022.Net resultThe Company recorded a net result of EUR 2.4 million profit for 2022  which is an increase of 65.9% compared to 2021.Personnel and organizationDuring 2022  RoodMicrotec continued to optimize the organization to keep track with the changing demands from customers and markets. Furthermore  highly experienced personnel has been recruited for support of the Company’s future plans. The average number of full-time employees (FTE) in 2022 was 94. Total income per average full-time employee increased to EUR 176 000 from EUR 163 000 in 2021. RoodMicrotec’s policy is to strive for growth of sales per FTE.Looking back  RoodMicrotec got through the COVID-19 period very well and without any material impact on staffing levels. The measures taken with facial masks  distance between the working places  home offices  and general care  offered a safe environment for all employees.OutlookRoodMicrotec expects the total income for 2023 to be in the range of EUR 17.0 million to EUR 17.5 million  with a profit before tax of 5-10% and thus in line with the financial targets. The geopolitical situation in the world and the current energy crisis throughout Europe could have an impact on the Company’s business. The Management is keeping a close eye on the situation and is doing everything possible to mitigate any potentially negative impact.Conference callYou are invited to take part in RoodMicrotec’s conference call for shareholders  financial press  and analysts via Microsoft TEAMS onThursday  April 20  2023 at 9:30 CEST.The Board of Management  Martin Sallenhag and Arvid Ladega  will comment on the Annual Report 2022 in detail and will answer your questions.To join the event please follow these login instructions:Join with your computer or mobile app Click here to join the meetingOr call in (audio only)+49 69 509544247 Germany  Frankfurt am Main+31 20 399 9804 The Netherlands  Amsterdam+32 2 895 09 68 Belgium  Bruxelles+41 43 217 23 02 Switzerland  ZurichFind a local number – in case you are in another countryPhone Conference ID: 124 673 558#Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersThe Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company will be held on Tuesday  June 6  2023 at 15:00 CEST at the Amsterdam Stock Exchange (EURONEXT)  Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  the Netherlands.The convening notice (including registration and voting instructions) and the agenda with explanatory notes  as well as all other meeting documents for the AGM  including the 2022 Annual Report and the 2023 Remuneration Policy are available for download on our corporate website:www.roodmicrotec.com/en/investor-relations-en/annual-general-meeting.Financial calendarJune 6  2023 Annual general meeting of shareholders July 20  2023 Publication interim report 2023 July 20  2023 Conference call for media  analysts and shareholders October 19  2023 Trading update quarter 3-2023Forward-looking statementsThis press release contains a number of forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations  estimates and prognoses of the Board of Management  and on the information currently available to the Company. The statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties which are hard to evaluate  such as the general economic conditions  interest rates  exchange rates  and amendments to statutory laws and regulations. The Board of Management of RoodMicrotec cannot guarantee that its expectations will materialize. Furthermore  RoodMicrotec does not accept any obligation to update the statements made in this press release.About RoodMicrotecRoodMicrotec is a leading independent company for semiconductor supply and quality services. With more than 50 years of experience in the semiconductor and electronics industry  RoodMicrotec is well-established as a highly valued partner for many companies worldwide. The Company provides full-turnkey ASIC services for complex microchips that are customized to handle specific applications for individual customers. In cooperation with strong partners  RoodMicrotec manages the entire development and production flow of ASICs in the target volume  ranging from low quantities up to multiple millions per year. The turnkey solution includes project management  wafer test  assembly  final test  qualification  failure analysis  and logistics. All services comply with the industrial and quality requirements of the high reliability  aerospace  automotive  healthcare  and industrial sectors. RoodMicrotec’s headquarter is located in Deventer  Netherlands  with operational units in Nördlingen and Stuttgart  Germany.For more information visit https://www.roodmicrotec.comFurther informationMartin Sallenhag - CEO  Arvid Ladega - CFOTelephone: +31 570 745623 Email: investor-relations@roodmicrotec.com Web: www.roodmicrotec.comThis press release is published in English only.1 net debt includes lease liabilitiesAttachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.18,0.32,True,English,"['RoodMicrotec N.V.', '2022 annual report', 'financial statements', 'counterfeit electronic parts standard SAE AS6081', 'The Supply Chain Management unit', 'right fast-growing future-oriented markets', 'various high frequency ASICs', 'UWB (Ultra-Wideband) sensing solutions', 'High frequency test solutions', 'first time right’ development', 'The Ultra-Wideband Sensor', 'high power electronics', 'DIN EN ISO', 'high power devices', 'strong financial performance', 'The 2022 Annual Report', 'Failure Analysis department', 'Test Operations department', 'long term customers', 'test program development', 'component level tests', 'Balance sheet total', 'new customer engagements', 'leading independent company', 'Net cash flow', 'highest total income', 'company financial statements', 'RoodMicrotec N.V.', 'second consecutive year', 'higher total income', 'counterfeit analysis', 'EUR 2.4 million profit', 'EUR 1.4 million profit', 'test development', 'UWB devices', 'management level', 'battery management', 'higher level', 'second quarter', 'Net result', 'demanding customers', 'higher profit', 'semiconductors supply', 'production test', 'new machines', 'new technology', 'new generation', 'financial year', '6 .5 m illion', 'operating activities', 'corporate website', 'fourth quarter', 'good start', 'Martin Sallenhag', 'steady increase', 'overall liquidity', 'good position', 'future investments', 'outstanding results', 'additional capacity', 'other units', 'big increase', 'MAIN DEVELOPMENTS', 'technology roadmap', 'product launch', 'world leader', 'Effective collaboration', 'rapid launch', 'bill ratio', 'mass production', 'new services', 'new products', 'long-term projects', 'first projects', 'SCM projects', 'quality services', 'expanding business', 'European partner', 'faster qualification', 'qualification processes', 'order book', 'qualification work', 'full year', 'double-digit growth', 'coming years', '20 years', '10 years', 'EBITDA', 'Deventer', 'April', 'download', 'investor-relations', 'financial-publications', 'CEO', 'third', 'tax', 'machinery', 'manpower', 'Story', 'turnover', 'request', 'shortage', 'components', 'Germany', 'accredited', 'method', 'IEC', '2022 HIGHLIGHTS', 'Financials', 'Commercial/operational', 'areas', 'AQG', 'control', 'Rohde', 'Schwarz', 'period', 'wafer', 'qualifications', 'kind', 'Novelda', 'agreement', 'movements', 'heartbeat', 'cooperation', 'industrialization', 'engineering', 'expertise', 'beginning', '2021']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23396,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BOUSSARD-AND-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-EUR-Final-NAV-43594282/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR) - Final NAV,(marketscreener.com) BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company. Close of business 31/03/2023. Final NAV   Euro Shares Sterling Share…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/03/2023.Final NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Final NAV € 26.6403 £ 23.5164 Final MTD return -2.36 % -2.24 % Final YTD return -4.07 % -3.73 % Final ITD return 166.40 % 135.16 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Final NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'EUR', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Final MTD return', 'Final YTD return', 'Final ITD return', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'Final NAV', 'The Directors', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'United States', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23397,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-3840782/news/BOUSSARD-AND-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-LIMITED-GBP-Final-NAV-43594281/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP) - Final NAV,(marketscreener.com) BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company. Close of business 31/03/2023. Final NAV   Euro Shares Sterling Share…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 31/03/2023.Final NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Final NAV € 26.6403 £ 23.5164 Final MTD return -2.36 % -2.24 % Final YTD return -4.07 % -3.73 % Final ITD return 166.40 % 135.16 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Final NAV', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Final MTD return', 'Final YTD return', 'Final ITD return', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Ordinary Shares', 'The Shares', 'Final NAV', 'The Directors', 'performance fees', 'The Company', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'United States', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23398,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/REXEL-47601/news/Rexel-Press-Release-2023-Annual-Shareholders-Meeting-43594428/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Rexel : Press Release - 2023 Annual Shareholders' Meeting,(marketscreener.com)    PRESS RELEASE   Paris  April 20  2023   REXEL ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF APRIL 20  2023   The Combined Shareholders' Meeting of Rexel was held today in Paris under the Chairmanship of Ian Meakins  Chairman of the Board…,PRESS RELEASEParis  April 20  2023REXEL ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING OF APRIL 20  2023The Combined Shareholders' Meeting of Rexel was held today in Paris under the Chairmanship of Ian Meakins  Chairman of the Board of Directors. The shareholders approved all the resolutions. The results of the votes and the video webcast are available on the Company's website: https://www.rexel.com/en/medias/events/2023-annual-general-shareholders-meeting/Distribution of 1.20 euros per shareThe Shareholders' Meeting approved the distribution of an amount of 1.20 euros per share (in line with the distribution policy of at least 40% of recurring net income)  by deduction from the issue premium and paid in cash. The ex-dividend date for this distribution on the regulated market of Euronext Paris is May 9  2023. The payment date will be May 11  2023.Compensation of the Chairman of the Board of Directors  the Directors and the Chief Executive OfficerAll the resolutions relating to the compensation of the Chairman of the Board of Directors  the Directors and the Chief Executive Officer were approved.Financial authorizationsAll the financial delegations and authorizations whose adoption or renewal was submitted to the Shareholders' Meeting were approved.Appointment and renewal of Directors' terms of officeThe shareholders approved the appointment as independent directors of Steven Borges and Marie-Christine Lombard and the renewal of Ian Meakins' term of office for a period of four years.Composition of the Board of Directors and the committeesThe Board of Directors meeting held after the Shareholders' Meeting:reappointed Ian Meakins as Chairman of the Board of Directors for the duration of his term of office as Director.appointed Agnès Touraine as Vice-Chairwoman of the Board of Directors and Senior Independent Director for the remainder of her term as Director  i.e. until the 2026 Shareholders' MeetingVice-Chairwoman of the Board of Directors and Senior Independent Director for the remainder of her term as Director  i.e. until the 2026 Shareholders' Meeting entrusted the monitoring of CSR to the Nominating Committee  named  as of today  as the Nominating  Governance and CSR Committeeappointed Barbara Dalibard as Chairwoman of the Compensation Committee.The Board of Directors also took note of the appointment by the CFDT trade union of Antoine Hermelin as a director representing employees on the Board of Directors  effective April 13  2023. He succeeds Julien Bonnel  who has left the Group. Antoine Hermelin has been an employee of Rexel France since 2006  where he has held various sales positions  before joining the HQ in positions relating to data and digital such as Customer Personalization and Journey Manager. He is currently Head of Category Management. He holds a BTS in Industrial Automation Maintenance. In accordance with the recommendations of the AFEP-MEDEF Code  the Board of Directors has appointed Antoine Hermelin as a member of the Compensation Committee.At the end of the Shareholders' Meeting  the Board of Directors was composed of 13 directors. Excluding directors representing employees  the Board includes five women  i.e. 45% of its members  in accordance with Article L. 225-18-1 of the Commercial Code.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"[""2023 Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Press Release', 'Rexel', ""The Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", ""REXEL ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING"", 'recurring net income', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Agnès Touraine', 'CFDT trade union', 'Industrial Automation Maintenance', ""The Shareholders' Meeting"", 'various sales positions', 'Senior Independent Director', ""Ian Meakins' term"", ""2026 Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Rexel France', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'video webcast', 'issue premium', 'ex-dividend date', 'regulated market', 'payment date', 'financial delegations', 'Steven Borges', 'Marie-Christine Lombard', 'four years', 'Nominating Committee', 'Barbara Dalibard', 'Antoine Hermelin', 'Julien Bonnel', 'Customer Personalization', 'Journey Manager', 'Category Management', 'AFEP-MEDEF Code', 'five women', 'Article L.', 'Commercial Code', 'independent directors', 'Directors meeting', 'Financial authorizations', 'CSR Committee', 'Compensation Committee', 'Euronext Paris', 'distribution policy', ""Directors' terms"", '13 directors', 'April', 'Chairmanship', 'Board', 'resolutions', 'results', 'votes', 'Company', 'website', 'events/2023-annual-general-shareholders', '1.20 euros', 'amount', 'line', 'deduction', 'cash', 'May', 'adoption', 'renewal', 'Appointment', 'period', 'Composition', 'committees', 'duration', 'Vice-Chairwoman', 'remainder', 'monitoring', 'today', 'Governance', 'note', 'employees', 'Group', 'HQ', 'data', 'digital', 'Head', 'BTS', 'accordance', 'recommendations', 'member']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23399,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NYXOAH-SA-112544313/news/Publication-Relating-to-Transparency-Notifications-43596071/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Publication Relating to Transparency Notifications,(marketscreener.com)                   REGULATED INFOMATION Publication Relating to Transparency Notifications Mont-Saint-Guibert   April 20  2023  10.30pm CET / 4.30pm ET – In accordance with article 14 of the Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of large sha…,REGULATED INFOMATIONPublication Relating to Transparency NotificationsMont-Saint-Guibert (Belgium)  April 20  2023  10.30pm CET / 4.30pm ET – In accordance with article 14 of the Act of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of large shareholdings  Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) announces that it received two transparency notifications as detailed below.Together PartnershipOn April 18  2023  Nyxoah received a transparency notification from Together Partnership following the crossing of the 10% threshold by Together Partnership on March 30  2023. As of such date  Together Partnership held 2 948 285 shares  representing 10.42% of the total number of voting rights on March 30  2023 (28 286 985).The notification dated April 17  2023 contains the following information:Reason for the notification: acquisition or disposal of voting securities or voting rightsNotification by: a person that notifies alonePersons subject to the notification requirement: Together Partnership (with address at Van Putlei 31  2018 Antwerp)Date on which the threshold was crossed: March 30  2023Threshold that is crossed: 10%Denominator: 28 286 985Notified details:A) Voting rights Previous notification After the transaction # of voting rights # of voting rights % of voting rights Holders of voting rights Linked to securities Not linked to thesecurities Linked to securities Not linked to thesecurities Together Partnership 2 503 500 2 948 285 10.42% TOTAL 2 948 285 0 10.42% 0.00%Chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively held: Together Partnership is not a controlled entity.ResMed Inc .On April 18  2023  Nyxoah received a transparency notification from ResMed Inc. following the crossing of the 5% threshold by ResMed Inc. on March 30  2023. As of such date  ResMed Inc. held 1 499 756 shares  representing 5.30% of the total number of voting rights on March 30  2023 (28 286 985).The notification dated April 16  2023 contains the following information:Reason for the notification: acquisition or disposal of voting securities or voting rightsNotification by: a person that notifies alonePersons subject to the notification requirement: ResMed Inc. (with address at 9001 Spectrum Center Boulevard  San Diego  CA 92123  USA)Date on which the threshold was crossed: March 30  2023Threshold that is crossed: 5%Denominator: 28 286 985Notified details:A) Voting rights Previous notification After the transaction # of voting rights # of voting rights % of voting rights Holders of voting rights Linked to securities Not linked to thesecurities Linked to securities Not linked to thesecurities ResMed Inc. 794 235 1 499 756 TOTAL 1 499 756 0 5.30% 0.00%Chain of controlled undertakings through which the holding is effectively held: No indirect holding of voting securities. ResMed Inc. is not a controlled entity.** *Contact:NyxoahDavid DeMartino  Chief Strategy Officerdavid.demartino@nyxoah.com+1 310 310 1313Attachment,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Transparency Notifications', 'Publication', 'REGULATED INFOMATION Publication', '9001 Spectrum Center Boulevard', 'Chief Strategy Officer', 'two transparency notifications', 'large shareholdings', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'voting rights', 'following information', 'Van Putlei', 'controlled undertakings', 'controlled entity', 'ResMed Inc', 'San Diego', 'total number', 'Together Partnership', 'notification requirement', 'Previous notification', 'Notified details', 'David DeMartino', 'indirect holding', 'voting securities', 'Nyxoah SA', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'April', '10.30pm', '4.30pm', 'accordance', 'article', 'Act', '2 May', 'disclosure', 'NYXH', 'crossing', '10% threshold', 'March', 'date', '2,948,285 shares', 'Reason', 'acquisition', 'disposal', 'person', 'address', 'Antwerp', 'Denominator', 'Holders', 'Chain', '5% threshold', '1,499,756 shares', 'USA', 'Attachment']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23400,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/AUBAY-4706/news/Aubay-2023-first-quarter-revenue-EUR-142-8-million-Strong-organic-growth-up-10-3-43594262/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Aubay :  2023 first-quarter revenue: EUR 142.8 million Strong organic growth: up 10.3%,(marketscreener.com)  In € millionQ1 2023*Q1 2022Organic changeFrance75.666.4+13.8%International67.263.1+6.5%Total142.8129.5+10.3%* Pre-audit figures Aubay began 2023 by posting excellent first-quarter results  with revenue up 1…,"In € million Q1 2023* Q1 2022 Organic change France 75.6 66.4 +13.8% International 67.2 63.1 +6.5% Total 142.8 129.5 +10.3%* Pre-audit figuresAubay began 2023 by posting excellent first-quarter results  with revenue up 10.3% to €142.8 million. This purely organic growth benefited from a favorable base effect with one additional billable day compared to first-quarter 2022.This performance remained consistent and dynamic with double-digit growth in France  Belgium  Luxembourg  Spain and Portugal. In line with our expectations  Italy's performance is improving period-on-period and stabilized over the quarter after being slightly down in second-half 2022.Sales prices continued to increase  enabling the group to offset the effects of wage inflation.The recruitment drive was dynamic  with a net recruitment of 120 new employees (compared to the usual 40 to 50 new employees)  despite the usual number of departures early 2023. The Group had 7 939 employees at end-March compared with 7 350 one year earlier and 7 819 at end-December 2022. Turnover decreased slightly at 26%.In an environment where decision-making cycles are returning to normal  our consultants' productivity remains high  at 92 5%  only slightly down from the exceptional performance of 95% in Q1 2022.Lastly  all sectors in which Aubay operates are experiencing growth.2023 outlook confirmedClient demand remains high and buoyant  although some clients may be showing some restraint in the consumption of their IT budgets at the beginning of the year. The Group is optimistic about the business market while remaining vigilant about evolving indicators.As anticipated in the business plan  second-quarter growth will be more moderate than in the first quarter  due to there being two less working days. The current year's objectives have been confirmed  and consist of achieving:organic growth of between 5% and 7%  i.e.  annual revenue of between €540 million and €550 million;operating margin from ordinary activities between 9.5% and 10.5%.Aubay's second-quarter 2023 revenue will be published on July 20  2023 after the close of trading.GlossaryOrganic revenue growth: this refers to growth calculated for a constant scope of activity for a given period  excluding revenue from companies that were acquired or sold during the period. As Aubay conducts most of its business in the euro zone  any impact from changes in exchange rates is minimal.2023 Organic growth +10.3% Impact of changes in scope 0 Growth as reported +10.3%About AubayAubay is a digital services company working alongside some of the biggest names in the Banking  Finance  Insurance  Manufacturing  Energy  Transport and Telecoms sectors. Aubay has 7 939 employees in seven countries (France  Belgium  Luxembourg  Italy  Spain  Portugal and the United Kingdom). Aubay generated revenue of €513.5 million in 2022.Euronext  Compartment: B - ISIN FR0000063737-AUB - Reuters : AUBT.PA - Bloomberg AUB:FPContactsAmaury Dugast – Actus Finance – Tel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74 - adugast@actus.frDavid Fuks – Co-Chief Operating Officer – Finance Department – Tel.: +33 (0)1 46 10 67 67 – E-mail: dfuks@aubay.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: l2ppZ8WYk5nJnWqflJeXmWmUl2qVk2eVZ2KWxmqbl5+anG2SlWdmaMWXZnBqmWpm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Quarterly financial reporting:- First quarter financial report Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79450-communique-information-financiere-du-t1-2023-def_eng.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['Strong organic growth', '2023 first-quarter revenue', 'Aubay', 'one additional billable day', 'two less working days', 'First quarter financial report', 'usual 40 to 50 new employees', 'Quarterly financial reporting', 'favorable base effect', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'excellent first-quarter results', 'digital services company', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'Organic revenue growth', '120 new employees', 'usual number', 'operating margin', 'Organic change', 'Pre-audit figures', 'Sales prices', 'wage inflation', 'recruitment drive', 'net recruitment', 'decision-making cycles', ""consultants' productivity"", 'Client demand', 'IT budgets', 'evolving indicators', 'ordinary activities', 'euro zone', 'exchange rates', 'biggest names', 'seven countries', 'United Kingdom', 'Bloomberg AUB', 'Amaury Dugast', 'David Fuks', 'Regulated information', 'organic growth', 'double-digit growth', 'second-quarter growth', 'The Group', 'business market', 'business plan', 'annual revenue', 'second-quarter 2023 revenue', 'Finance Department', 'current year', 'constant scope', 'Telecoms sectors', 'exceptional performance', 'Actus Finance', '7,939 employees', '0 Growth', 'Q1', 'France', 'International', 'Aubay', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'Spain', 'Portugal', 'line', 'expectations', 'Italy', 'period', 'second-half', 'effects', 'departures', 'end-March', 'end-December', 'Turnover', 'environment', '2023 outlook', 'clients', 'restraint', 'consumption', 'beginning', 'objectives', 'July', 'close', 'trading', 'Glossary', 'activity', 'companies', 'impact', 'changes', 'Banking', 'Insurance', 'Manufacturing', 'Energy', 'Transport', 'Euronext', 'Compartment', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'AUBT', 'Contacts', 'Tel.', 'mail', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', '€', '26', '10.', '33 (0)1 46']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23401,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/2022-earnings-report-160000655.html,2022 Earnings Report,A transition year with a return to double-digit growth in the 4th quarter Sustained growth in the Benelux and other countries  operational and management...,SOLUTIONS 30A transition year with a return to double-digit growth in the 4th quarterSustained growth in the Benelux and other countries  operational and management structures reinforcedOperational transition in France while maintaining a structure capable of quickly seizing opportunities as the market consolidatesRevenue up for the year: €904.6 millionAdjusted EBITDA: €46.7 millionA solid balance sheet to support a new phase of growthNet cash position: €54.0 millionFree cash flow: €37.2 millionStrong long-term outlook confirmedStructurally promising drivers of growth: the digital transformation and the energy transitionContinued strong growth in the Benelux and other countries where new markets are opening upSights set to exceed €1 billion in revenue for 2023Solutions30 SE today announces its consolidated earnings for the financial year ended December 31  2022  prepared in accordance with IFRS.The annual consolidated financial statements of the Solutions30 Group were certified with an unqualified opinion. They were approved by the company' Management Board and examined by the Supervisory Board on April 20  2023.The annual report at December 31  2022 has been made available to the public and filed in the European Single Electronic Format (ESEF) with the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF) and the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF). It includes the financial report and the report on corporate governance and internal control.All these documents can be consulted on the company’s website at www.solutions30.com  in the “Financial Reports and Documents” section.Gianbeppi Fortis  Chief Executive Officer of Solutions30  stated:“2022 has brought positive signals for the future  even though our business was disrupted in France  where our organization has had to adapt as some of our mature activities are winding down while new activities are ramping up. Activities in the Benelux and other countries showed their capacity to take the lead in capturing dynamic growth in the telecoms sector and the Group continued to strengthen its position to benefit from the energy transition.Story continuesSolutions30 has just gone through a pivotal period in its history which has allowed it to improve its model and move forward by capitalizing on new processes  better governance  and new commitments in terms of social responsibility.The Group now aims to surpass the symbolic milestone of €1 billion in revenue in 2023  while continuing to position ourselves as a leader in several European markets.New opportunities are cropping up every day in markets driven by the two megatrends shaping tomorrow’s world: the digital transformation and the energy transition. We are ideally positioned to seize them.”Key figures – Consolidated dataDue to post-COVID uncertainty  persistent supply chain shortages  the war in Ukraine  and high inflation  2022 was more difficult than initially anticipated. The operational transition that was supposed to happen in France suffered from these turbulent conditions.In millions of euros 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 Revenue 904.6 874.0 Operating margin (Adjusted EBITDA) 46.7 82.4 As a % of revenue 5.2% 9.4% Adjusted EBIT(1) -0.3 40.8 As a % of revenue - 4.7% Operating income (EBIT) -26.5 12.9 As a % of revenue -2.9% 1.5% Consolidated net income -49.1 22.5 As a % of revenue -5.4% 2.6% Net income  group share -50.1 21.5 As a % of revenue -5.5% 2.5% Free cash flow(1) 37.2 32.4 Financial structure figures 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 Equity 145.3 191.6 Net debt 38.9 33.1 Net bank debt(1) -54.0 -52.3(1) See glossary at the end of this documentConsolidated revenueIn 2022  Solutions30’s consolidated revenue amounted to €904.6 million  up +3.5% compared to 2021 (+1.4% organic growth). After virtually stable revenue during the first nine months of the year (-2.4% organic growth)  the Group returned to double-digit growth in the fourth quarter  with revenue up 12.4% (+10.9% organic growth).This year stood out because of the contrasting dynamics between France  which is undergoing a transition from mature activities to new ones  and all other countries which are entering a period of strong growth.Analysis by geographical areaFigures by geographical area are detailed below:12/31/2022 12/31/2021 Change France Revenue 425.9 507.3 -16.0% EBITDA 20.8 66.4 -68.7% EBITDA margin % 4.9% 13.1% Benelux Revenue 221.9 160.4 +38.3% EBITDA 28.4 22.9 +24.0% EBITDA margin % 12.8% 14.3% Other countries Revenue 256.8 206.3 +24.5% EBITDA 7.1 2.2 +227.7% EBITDA margin % 2.8% 1.1%In France  revenue was €425.9 million  down 16.0%  after 6 years of very strong growth and revenue that increased from €88 million in 2015 to €507 million in 2021 (average annual growth of +34%). This decline in activity is explained by:The maturation of the FTTH network deployment and construction markets  and above all the return to normal of the subscriber connection market after the exceptionally high peak in activity during the health crisis. Now  the number of fiber subscribers continues to grow but at more moderate levels. The planned end of smart meter deployments that could not be compensated by the ramp-up of activities related to the energy transition given the shortages of components that are delaying these markets from taking off.This situation has also forced players in the industry  customers as well as service providers and subcontractors  to adapt at a rapid pace and adjust how they work with each other. The operational conditions for performing contracts  in particular one of the Group’s largest contracts in France  have become significantly tougher in recent months in the telecommunications sector  with a geographic redistribution of market share and repercussions for the entire sector.In this environment  Solutions30 has sought to capitalize on its solid financial structure and its competitive positioning to maintain its ability to seize opportunities that may arise in this difficult market  even if this means occasionally penalizing its profitability. The EBITDA margin is thus well below its normal level of around 15%  but this strategy allowed the Group  at the very end of the year  to compensate for the failure of a major player in the sector and to capture an important market in southeastern France. This contract has made a positive contribution to revenue and the profit margin since the beginning of 2023.In the Benelux  revenue reached €221.9 million  with purely organic growth of 38%  reflecting the excellent dynamics of the Belgian and Dutch markets. This performance is based on the ramp-up of contracts signed to deploy optical fiber and the continuation of smart meter installations in Flanders.These very rapid ramp-ups require  on the one hand  the recruitment and training of technicians and  on the other hand  the reinforcement of management structures  but the Group maintains a high EBITDA margin of 12.8% of revenue in this geographical area. This double-digit profitability reflects the Group’s historical business model  which has proven that once a critical size of €100 million in revenue has been reached for a given geographical area  the Group can capitalize on the increasing volume of standardized call-outs and the density of its geographical coverage.In all other countries  the Group posted annual revenue of €256.8 million  an increase of 24.5% (15.5% organic growth) compared to the same period in 2021. Business was driven by momentum in Italy (deployment of TIM’s FTTH network)  Poland (market share gains in the telecoms sector) and the United Kingdom (integration of Mono’s activities in the telecoms sector). Revising pricing conditions for certain contracts and controlling operating expenses have helped improve the EBITDA margin. This margin was 2.8% for countries that have not yet reached a critical size.Consolidated earningsFor the Group as a whole  adjusted EBITDA was €46.7 million at the end of December 2022  compared with €82.4 million a year earlier. As explained above  activities outside of France performed exceptionally well  becoming the pillar of future growth  although their impact was overshadowed by low performance within France.Adjusted EBITDA includes:€20.9 million to restructure operations after (i) part of the telecommunications business in France was geographically redistributed  and (ii) a competitor in the Southeast went bankrupt.€10.1 million to adapt operations following the discontinuation of smart meter roll-outs.Restated with these items  adjusted EBITDA would be €77.7 million  representing 8.6% of revenue.Operating costs have increased by 9.0% compared to 2021 and represent 85.6% of revenue  compared to 81.3% a year earlier  while structural costs increased by 2.9% and accounted for 9.2% of revenue  compared to 9.3% a year earlier.After accounting for €18.9 million in impairments and operational provisions  and after amortizing €28.1 million worth of usage rights for leased assets (IFRS 16)  adjusted EBIT stood at - €0.3 million.Fiscal year 2022 includes €13.6 million of non-recurring operating expenses  which consist mainly of restructuring expenses (€7.9 million)  exceptional expenses incurred by the Group in response to the violent smear campaign against it in 2020-21 (€2.4 million) and expenses for the long-term incentive plan which is currently worthless (€1.9 million).Customer relationship amortization amounted to €14.4 million in 2022  compared to €14.7 million a year earlier.Financial income was negative €17.1 million  compared to actual income of €4.2 million in 2021. This item includes €11.0 million of non-cash items to adjust the value of earnouts mainly linked to the purchase of minority interests in the Group’s German subsidiaries. This revaluation of the earnout is due to the potential of the German market and the new contracts expected in this region. Interest expenses remained stable at €2.7 million compared to €2.8 million a year earlier.After including tax expenses of €5.6 million  compared to the gain of €5.4 million a year earlier  the Group share of net income amounted to a loss of - €50.1 million  compared to earnings of €21.5 million in 2021.Financial structureAt December 31  2022  the Group had €145.3 million in equity  compared to €191.6 million at December 31  2021. The Group had €124.4 million in gross cash  compared to €129.8 million at the end of December 2021. Gross bank debt stood at €70.4 million compared to €77.5 million at December 31  2021. The Group had €54.0 million in net cash position at the end of December 2022  compared to €52.3 million at the end of December 2021.Including €67.4 million in leasing liabilities (IFRS 16) and €25.5 million in potential financial debt on future put options and earnouts  the Group has a total net debt of €38.9 million  compared to €33.1 million a year earlier. The Group maintains a very solid financial structure  with a net debt/EBITDA ratio of 0.83 and a net debt-to-equity ratio of 26.7%.Outstanding receivables under the Group’s non-recourse factoring program amounted to €77.3 million on December 31  2022  compared to €92 million on December 31  2021. The decrease in mobilized receivables reflects ramp-ups in new contracts for which the factoring program is being implemented. Factoring can finance working capital from recurring activities that have fully developed  at a cost of less than 1% of the amount of assigned receivables. This program  combined with a solid financial structure  provides Solutions30 with the resources it needs to finance its ambitious growth strategy.Operating cash flow amounted to €31.1 million  compared to €70.2 million in 2021. Working capital decreased by €40 million and remained negative at - €64.7 million. It includes advances negotiated with several of the Group’s customers to participate in the effort required to launch major new contracts  especially when fiber is being deployed. Depending on their form  these advances are recorded as an increase in “trade and other payables” or as a decrease in “trade receivables and related accounts.” This explains the decrease in working capital despite the increase in ramp-ups.Cash flow from operating activities in 2022  which includes advances from customers  was €58.2 million  compared with €47.5 million a year earlier. Net investments amounted to €21.0 million  i.e. 2.3% of revenue  compared with 1.7% a year earlier. This falls within a normal range  generally considered to be between 1.5% and 4% of revenue  and goes mostly to investing in the Group’s IT infrastructure and technical equipment. The Group relies on a proprietary IT platform to manage its operations  organize  optimize and plan operations and associated logistics  and to manage back-office support. This platform  which is strategic for the Group  accounts for most of its investments.Overall  this means there was €37.2 million in free cash flow  up by nearly €5 million compared to 2021.Corporate social responsibilitySince 2019  Solutions30 has structured its corporate social responsibility commitments around the Sustainable Development Goals.In 2022  the Group stepped up its governance efforts by implementing several measures to better manage its progress towards its objectives:Strengthening the expertise and responsibilities of the Supervisory Board’s Strategy Committee  now the Strategy and ESG Committee  so that environmental  social and governance (ESG) criteria can become an integral part of the company and its decision-making processes.Reinforcing the ESG team with the arrival of two key people: a CSR manager and an analyst.Reviewing and working to make the strategy  objectives  and ESG performance indicators easier to understand via a dedicated action plan.Improving measurement of its CO2 emissions via the Carbon Footprint project.Raising team awareness through dedicated internal communication and promotion.Rolling out policies  procedures  and codes of conduct  and informing teams about the Group’s ethics and compliance systems.Creating a whistleblowing platform.Solutions30  transforming talent for the needs of tomorrow’s workplaceAs a major employer in France and Europe  Solutions30 has for several years had a recruitment  skills development  and vocational training policy designed to help young people land their first job or give those who failed their studies a second chance. The policy also helps people undergoing professional retraining to position them in the digital and energy professions of the future.In 2022  924 young people under the age of 30 were recruited  i.e. nearly 40% of hires over the year  representing 21% of the total workforce. More than 180 000 hours of training  or 25 hours per employee  were provided in 2022 in promising technical fields or in training modules on interpersonal skills and customer service.OutlookThe momentum at the end of 2022 has laid the foundations for a sustainable return to growth in markets that remain structurally buoyant. Despite the current environment of inflation and rising interest rates  the Group confirms that it expects double-digit growth in 2023  which will enable it to pass the €1 billion mark in revenue while gradually improving its margins throughout the year.Solutions30 is approaching this new phase with confidence and has relaunched a medium-term strategic planning process to anticipate changes in the markets in which it operates. The aim is to assess the duration of the underlying technological cycles of its activities and to implement the necessary operational transitions early on.In the coming years  and faced with markets opening up in many European countries  in particular FTTH deployments in the United Kingdom  Germany  and Poland  in addition to Belgium  the Netherlands  and Italy  the Group will continue to prioritize growth to achieve critical mass in all the geographical areas where it operates. A solid financial structure and secure financing  combined with careful cost control and rigorous cash management  provide the Group with the means to finance its ambitions.Solutions30 will celebrate its 20th anniversary in October 2023. The Group has solid growth drivers and an effective business model that will help it strengthen its position at the crossroads of the digital transformation and the energy transition. Solutions30 is now targeting €2.5 billion in revenue over the medium term.Upcoming event2023 Q1 Revenue Report May 10  2023About Solutions30 SEThe Solutions30 Group is the European leader in solutions for new technologies. Its mission is to make the technological developments that are transforming our daily lives accessible to everyone  individuals and businesses alike. Yesterday  it was computers and the Internet. Today  it’s digital technology. Tomorrow  it will be technologies that make the world even more interconnected in real time. With more than 65 million call-outs carried out since it was founded and a network of more than 15 000 local technicians  Solutions30 currently covers all of France  Italy  Germany  the Netherlands  Belgium  Luxembourg  the Iberian Peninsula  the United Kingdom  and Poland. The share capital of Solutions30 SE consists of 107 127 984 shares  equal to the number of theoretical votes that can be exercised.Solutions30 SE is listed on the Euronext Paris exchange (ISIN FR0013379484- code S30). Indexes: MSCI Europe ex-UK Small Cap | SBF 120 | CAC Mid 60 | NEXT 150 | CAC Technology | CAC PME.Visit our website for more information: www.solutions30.comContactIndividual Shareholders:Investor Relations - Tel: +33 1 86 86 00 63 - shareholders@solutions30.comAnalysts/Investors:Nathalie Boumendil - Tel: +33 6 85 82 41 95 - nathalie.boumendil@solutions30.comPress - Image 7:Charlotte Le Barbier - Tel: +33 6 78 37 27 60 - clebarbier@image7.frLeslie Jung - Tel: +33 6 78 70 05 55 - ljung@image7.frGlossaryOrganic growth includes the organic growth of acquired companies after they are acquired  which Solutions30 assumes they would not have experienced had they remained independent. In 2022  the Group’s organic growth includes only the internal growth of its long-standing subsidiaries.Adjusted EBITDA is the “operating margin” as reported in the Group’s financial statements.Free cash flow corresponds to the net cash flow from operating activities minus the acquisitions of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment net of disposals.Calculation of free cash flowIn thousands of euros 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 Net cash flow from operating activities 58 183 47 544 Acquisition of non-current assets -21 146 -15 722 Disposal of non-current assets after tax 170 614 Free cash flow 37 207 32 436Net cash position corresponds to “Cash and cash equivalents” as it appears in the Group’s financial statements from which is deducted “Long-term loans from credit institutions” and “Short-term loans from credit institutions  lines of credit  and bank overdrafts” as they appear in note 10.2 of the Group’s annual financial statements.Adjusted EBIT corresponds to operating income as shown in the Group’s financial statements  to which are added “Customer relationship amortization ” “Income from the sale of holdings ” “Other non-current operating expenses” and from which are deducted “Other non-current operating income.”Reconciliation between operating income and adjusted EBITIn thousands of euros 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 Operating income -26 470 12 880 Customer relationship amortization 14 425 14 705 Other non-current operating income -1 851 -10 Other non-current operating expenses 13 613 13 255 Adjusted EBIT -283 40 830 % of revenue - % 4.7%Non-recurring transactions are expenses that are significant in their amount  unusual  and infrequent.Net debt corresponds to “Debt  long-term ” “Debt  short-term ” and long- and short-term “Lease liabilities” as they appear in the Group’s financial statements from which “Cash and cash equivalents” as they appear in the Group’s financial statements are deducted.Net debt/EBITDA ratio corresponds to “net debt” divided by annualized EBITDA.Net debt-to-equity ratio corresponds to “net debt” divided by equity.Net debtIn thousands of euros 31.12.2022 31.12.2021 Bank debt 70 368 77 534 Lease liabilities 67 370 66 587 Future liabilities from earnouts and put options 25 516 18 785 Cash and cash equivalents (124 387) (129 839) Net debt 38 868 33 067 EBITDA 46 742 82 372 Ratio de dette nette 0.83 0.40 Equity 145 345 191 554 % of net debt 26.7 % 17.3 %Net bank debt corresponds to “Loans from credit institutions  long-term” and “Short-term loans from credit institutions  lines of credit  and bank overdrafts” as they appear in note 10.2 of the Group’s annual financial statements from which are deducted “Cash and cash equivalents” as they appear in the Group’s financial statements.Net bank debtIn thousands of euros 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 Loans from credit institutions  long-term 56 769 50 512 Short-term loans from credit institutions  lines of credit  and bank overdrafts 13 599 27 022 Cash and cash equivalents (124 387) (129 839) Net bank debt (54 019) (52 305)Operating margin corresponds to the “operating margin” as reported in the Group’s financial statements.Gross bank debt corresponds to “Loans from credit institutions  long-term” and “Short-term loans from credit institutions  lines of credit  and bank overdrafts” as they appear in note 10.2 of the Group’s annual financial statements.Working capital corresponds to “current assets” as reported in the Group’s financial statements (excluding “Cash and cash equivalents” and “Derivative financial instruments”) less “current liabilities” (excluding “Debt  short-term ” “Current provisions ” and “Lease liabilities.”Working capital :In thousands of euros 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 Inventory and work in progress 25 427 20 339 Trade receivables and related accounts 192 966 185 111 Current contract assets 970 858 Other receivables 58 465 63 644 Prepaid expenses 1 466 873 Suppliers (210 846) (149 613) Tax and social security liabilities (112 287) (129 804) Other current liabilities (13 384) (10 705) Deferred income (7 480) (5 698) Working capital (64 703) (24 995) Change in working capital (39 707) 14 654 Non-monetary items 12 581 7 978 Change in working capital adjusted for non-monetary items. (27 126) 22 631Net investments correspond to the sum of the lines “Acquisition of current assets ” “Acquisition of non-current financial assets ” and “Disposal of non-current assets after tax” as they appear in the consolidated statement of cash flows.Net investments :In thousands of euros 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 Acquisition of current assets (21 595) (15 267) Acquisition of non-current financial assets 449 -455 Disposal of non-current assets after tax 170 614 Operational investments (20 976) (15 108)Operating costs correspond to costs incurred for the Group’s operations  included in the “operating margin” (excluding structural costs).Structural costs correspond to costs incurred by the Group’s head office functions in various countries  included in the “operating margin” (excluding operating costs).Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.14,0.32,True,English,"['2022 Earnings Report', 'persistent supply chain shortages', 'European Single Electronic Format', 'annual consolidated financial statements', 'solid balance sheet', 'Free cash flow', 'Commission de Surveillance', 'Marchés Financiers', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'first nine months', 'FTTH network deployment', 'several European markets', 'Strong long-term outlook', 'Net bank debt', 'subscriber connection market', 'average annual growth', 'Net cash position', 'Consolidated net income', ""company' Management Board"", 'Financial structure figures', 'Change France Revenue', 'Net debt', 'annual report', 'Financial Reports', 'management structures', 'consolidated earnings', 'Supervisory Board', 'Consolidated data', '4.7% Operating income', 'financial year', 'strong growth', '4th quarter', 'other countries', 'promising drivers', 'digital transformation', 'unqualified opinion', 'Secteur Financier', 'internal control', 'Gianbeppi Fortis', 'positive signals', 'telecoms sector', 'social responsibility', 'symbolic milestone', 'two megatrends', 'Key figures', 'post-COVID uncertainty', 'high inflation', 'turbulent conditions', '4.0 Operating margin', 'fourth quarter', 'contrasting dynamics', 'geographical area', 'construction markets', 'high peak', 'health crisis', 'fiber subscribers', 'new phase', 'energy transition', 'new markets', 'new processes', 'new commitments', 'Consolidated revenue', 'double-digit growth', 'dynamic growth', '10.9% organic growth', 'mature activities', 'new activities', 'The Group', 'group share', 'Operational transition', 'corporate governance', 'pivotal period', 'EBITDA margin', 'transition year', 'New opportunities', 'Solutions30 SE', 'stable revenue', 'Solutions30 Group', 'Benelux Revenue', 'return', 'Sights', 'accordance', 'IFRS', 'April', 'December', 'public', 'ESEF', 'CSSF', 'AMF', 'documents', 'website', 'section', 'future', 'business', 'organization', 'capacity', 'lead', 'Story', 'model', 'terms', 'tomorrow', 'world', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'millions', 'euros', 'Equity', 'glossary', 'Analysis', '6 years', 'decline', 'activity', 'maturation', 'number']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23402,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.pbs.org/newshour/world/continued-anger-at-retirement-age-change-fuels-further-protests-in-france,Continued anger at retirement age change fuels further protests in France,Hundreds of protesters opposed to the law raising the retirement age from 62 to 64 have demonstrated in a small town in southern France during a visit by President Emmanuel Macron.,GANGES  France (AP) — Hundreds of people opposed to the new law raising the retirement age from 62 to 64 demonstrated Thursday in a small town in southern France during a visit by President Emmanuel Macron  while scattered protests were staged elsewhere.Macron’s trip to Ganges comes amid a concerted new effort by him and his government to move on from the furor caused by the pension reform.Demonstrators sang what has become the anthem of the retirement protests: “We are here  we are here  even if Macron doesn’t want (us to be here)  we are here.”The French president met with teachers and students at a middle school  where he promoted his education policies. At his arrival  the site was hit by a power cut  which the local branch of the hard-left CGT union said was a protest action.Dozens of police were deployed in the small town to prevent protesters from getting close to the school. They briefly used tear gas to disperse people who tried to storm the barriers.READ MORE: 13 people arrested in France after a demonstration in protest of pension changeRaising the retirement age ignited a months-long firestorm of protest. Opponents were further infuriated after Macron’s government in March chose to use a special constitutional power to pass the reform without a vote in parliament.Later Thursday  Macron made a surprise stop in another small town in southern France  Perols  where he walked in the streets to meet with some residents in a relaxed atmosphere  shaking hands and doing selfies.To a woman who told him she disagreed with the way he forced the pension changes through parliament  calling it undemocratic  he said  smiling: “I’m not going to resign.”“You don’t care what people want ” the woman answered.On Wednesday  Macron went to eastern France  where he mingled among a crowd for the first time since he enacted the law last week. Many seized the occasion to voice their anger.The CGT union has called for scattered protest actions across the country.Macron has argued that raising the retirement age is needed to keep the French pension system afloat amid an aging population. Unions and other opponents say wealthy taxpayers or companies should pitch in more instead  and see the reform as an erosion of France’s social safety net.READ MORE: 1 million march in France  unions call for more pension protests during King Charles III visitIn Paris  hundreds of people Thursday held a peaceful demonstration at the Gare de Lyon train station.They later headed to the business district of La Defense  west of the capital  where they briefly stormed the building of European stock exchange Euronext  brandishing flares.“We want to show that the mobilization continues ” Fabien Villedieu  head of Sud Rail union  told the Associated Press. “There’s no way we’re going to let this reform pass.”The action at Euronext aims at showing “where the money is ” Villedieu said. “France has never been so rich  never have the multinationals in France been so rich. The problem is the distribution of wealth.”Earlier Thursday  some protesters in the northern city of Lille walked along the railway line  blocking all train traffic for about one hour. They then left peacefully.Several unions joined a strike at the national railway company SNCF  slightly disrupting train traffic Thursday. Some regional lines and Paris suburban trains were affected  while high-speed trains were running almost as normal  the SNCF said.Corbet reported from Paris. Oleg Cetinic and Nicolas Garriga in Paris contributed.,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,negative,0.0,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['retirement age change', 'Continued anger', 'protests', 'France', 'Gare de Lyon train station', 'King Charles III visit', 'hard-left CGT union', 'The CGT union', 'social safety net', 'European stock exchange', 'Sud Rail union', 'special constitutional power', 'national railway company', 'French pension system', 'Paris suburban trains', 'President Emmanuel Macron', 'French president', 'train traffic', 'power cut', 'railway line', 'high-speed trains', 'pension change', 'retirement age', 'small town', 'new effort', 'education policies', 'local branch', 'tear gas', 'months-long firestorm', 'surprise stop', 'relaxed atmosphere', 'first time', 'aging population', 'wealthy taxpayers', 'business district', 'La Defense', 'Associated Press', 'northern city', 'one hour', 'regional lines', 'Oleg Cetinic', 'Nicolas Garriga', 'pension protests', 'retirement protests', 'new law', 'middle school', 'protest actions', 'other opponents', '1 million march', 'peaceful demonstration', 'Fabien Villedieu', 'pension reform', 'southern France', 'eastern France', 'Several unions', 'GANGES', 'AP', 'Hundreds', 'people', 'trip', 'government', 'furor', 'Demonstrators', 'anthem', 'teachers', 'students', 'arrival', 'site', 'Dozens', 'police', 'protesters', 'barriers', 'READ', 'vote', 'parliament', 'Perols', 'streets', 'residents', 'hands', 'selfies', 'woman', 'Wednesday', 'crowd', 'occasion', 'anger', 'country', 'companies', 'erosion', 'building', 'Euronext', 'flares', 'mobilization', 'head', 'money', 'multinationals', 'problem', 'distribution', 'Lille', 'strike', 'SNCF', 'Corbet']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,pbs.org
23403,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/20/2650970/0/en/Stellantis-Finalizing-eFuel-Testing-on-28-Engine-Families-to-Support-Decarbonization-of-ICE-Fleet-on-the-Road.html,Stellantis Finalizing eFuel Testing on 28 Engine Families to Support Decarbonization of ICE Fleet on the Road,Stellantis Finalizing eFuel Testing on 28 Engine Families to Support Decarbonization of ICE Fleet on the Road  While committed to 100%...,Stellantis Finalizing eFuel Testing on 28 Engine Families toSupport Decarbonization of ICE Fleet on the RoadWhile committed to 100% battery electric passenger car sales in Europe by 2030  Stellantis is testing the usability of eF uels on European vehicles produced since 2014 ( Euro 6 ) to reinforce carbon emission reduction s28 engine families are being tested to make them eFuels friendly   which can provide an up to 90% reduction in CO 2 emissionsS olution could be applied on up to 28 million Stellantis vehicles with the potential to reduce up to 400 million tons of CO 2 in Europe from 2025 to 2050Stellantis targets ambitious goal of achieving carbon net zero by 2038 as outlined in Dare Forward 2030 strategic planAMSTERDAM  April 20  2023 – Stellantis today confirmed it is finalizing testing of eFuels on 28 engine families to help accelerate the carbon emissions reduction potential of the 28 million Stellantis internal combustion engines (ICE) built since 2014 (Euro 6) in Europe  while remaining committed to selling only BEV passenger cars in the region by the end of the decade.As part of the toolbox available to reduce carbon emissions and fight against climate change  eFuel is a drop-in replacement synthetic fuel made from captured atmospheric CO 2 and renewable energy.The broad adoption of eFuels would offer customers with existing ICE vehicles an easy and affordable option to decarbonize their vehicles without needing to replace their vehicle  upgrade the engine fuel system or await a new infrastructure network.“We are doubling down on our fight against global warming by testing carbon-neutral fuel as a complementary solution to our holistic decarbonization approach. While we remain steadfast in executing our aggressive electrification strategy  we must also find smart alternatives to address the CO 2 emissions for the 1.3 billion existing ICE cars ” said Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares. “By working to make sure our Stellantis engines are eFuels friendly  we are aiming at giving our customers another tool in the fight against global warming and one that can have an almost immediate impact. It is also another action we are taking that is well aligned with our commitment to be carbon neutral by 2038.”Stellantis is testing and validating 28 engine families built from 2014 to 2029 for both gasoline and diesel engines. The comprehensive validation protocol includes tests on tailpipe emissions  startability  engine power  reliability endurance  oil dilution  fuel tank  fuel lines and filters  to name a few. The use of eFuel in the up to 28 million vehicles in the Stellantis fleet has the potential to reduce up to 400 million tons of CO 2 emissions in Europe from 2025 through 2050.The production of eFuel is an opportunity to reimagine energy sovereignty by redefining the energy sourcing map based on the availability of wind belts and sun belts  not on current fossil fuel extraction locations.Stellantis is investing more than €30 billion through 2025 in electrification and software to deliver battery electric vehicles that meet customer demands. The Company also studies complementary solutions to continue CO 2 emission reduction efforts to meet its commitment to offer clean  safe and affordable mobility solutions for society at large.The Company’s long-term strategic plan Dare Forward 2030 is led by deep emission cuts to slash CO 2 in half by 2030  benchmarking 2021 metrics  and achieve carbon net zero by 2038 with single digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions.Core targets for Dare Forward 2030 also include 100% of passenger car sales in Europe and 50% of passenger car and light-duty truck sales in the United States to be BEVs by the end of the decade; the ambition of doubling Net Revenues by 2030 (versus 2021) and sustaining double-digit Adjusted Operating Income margins throughout the decade; and the aim to become number one in customer satisfaction for products and services in every market by 2030.# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis communication contains forward-looking statements. In particular  statements regarding future events and anticipated results of operations  business strategies  the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction  future financial and operating results  the anticipated closing date for the proposed transaction and other anticipated aspects of our operations or operating results are forward-looking statements. These statements may include terms such as “may”  “will”  “expect”  “could”  “should”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “remain”  “on track”  “design”  “target”  “objective”  “goal”  “forecast”  “projection”  “outlook”  “prospects”  “plan”  or similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Rather  they are based on Stellantis’ current state of knowledge  future expectations and projections about future events and are by their nature  subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. They relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur or exist in the future and  as such  undue reliance should not be placed on them.Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors  including: the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic  the ability of Stellantis to launch new products successfully and to maintain vehicle shipment volumes; changes in the global financial markets  general economic environment and changes in demand for automotive products  which is subject to cyclicality; changes in local economic and political conditions  changes in trade policy and the imposition of global and regional tariffs or tariffs targeted to the automotive industry  the enactment of tax reforms or other changes in tax laws and regulations; Stellantis’ ability to expand certain of their brands globally; its ability to offer innovative  attractive products; its ability to develop  manufacture and sell vehicles with advanced features including enhanced electrification  connectivity and autonomous-driving characteristics; various types of claims  lawsuits  governmental investigations and other contingencies  including product liability and warranty claims and environmental claims  investigations and lawsuits; material operating expenditures in relation to compliance with environmental  health and safety regulations; the intense level of competition in the automotive industry  which may increase due to consolidation; exposure to shortfalls in the funding of Stellantis’ defined benefit pension plans; the ability to provide or arrange for access to adequate financing for dealers and retail customers and associated risks related to the establishment and operations of financial services companies; the ability to access funding to execute Stellantis’ business plans and improve its businesses  financial condition and results of operations; a significant malfunction  disruption or security breach compromising information technology systems or the electronic control systems contained in Stellantis’ vehicles; Stellantis’ ability to realize anticipated benefits from joint venture arrangements; disruptions arising from political  social and economic instability; risks associated with our relationships with employees  dealers and suppliers; increases in costs  disruptions of supply or shortages of raw materials  parts  components and systems used in Stellantis’ vehicles; developments in labor and industrial relations and developments in applicable labor laws; exchange rate fluctuations  interest rate changes  credit risk and other market risks; political and civil unrest; earthquakes or other disasters; risks and other items described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022 and Current Reports on Form 6-K and amendments thereto filed with the SEC; and other risks and uncertainties.Any forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this document and Stellantis disclaims any obligation to update or revise publicly forward-looking statements. Further information concerning Stellantis and its businesses  including factors that could materially affect Stellantis’ financial results  is included in Stellantis’ reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and AFM.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.52,0.26,0.22,True,English,"['eFuel\xa0Testing', '28\xa0Engine\xa0Families', 'ICE Fleet', 'Stellantis', 'Decarbonization', 'Road', 'double-digit Adjusted Operating Income margins', 'current fossil fuel extraction locations', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', '100% battery electric passenger car sales', '28 million Stellantis internal combustion engines', 'single digit percentage compensation', 'Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares', '1.3 billion existing ICE cars', 'CO 2 emission reduction efforts', 'carbon emission reduction s', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan', 'up to 400 million tons', 'carbon emissions reduction potential', 'battery electric vehicles', 'long-term strategic plan', 'BEV passenger cars', 'deep emission cuts', 'light-duty truck sales', 'new infrastructure network', 'comprehensive validation protocol', 'up to 90% reduction', 'replacement synthetic fuel', 'holistic decarbonization approach', 'existing ICE vehicles', 'energy sourcing map', 'affordable mobility solutions', 'engine fuel system', 'aggressive electrification strategy', '28 million Stellantis vehicles', 'Stellantis N.V.', '28 million vehicles', 'mobility provider', 'S olution', 'diesel engines', 'The Company', 'operating results', 'Stellantis engines', 'carbon-neutral fuel', 'fuel tank', 'fuel lines', 'Support Decarbonization', 'ICE Fleet', 'affordable option', 'complementary solutions', 'Citroën', 'European vehicles', 'renewable energy', 'energy sovereignty', 'CO 2 emissions', 'tailpipe emissions', 'remaining emissions', '28 Engine Families', 'engine power', 'eF uels', 'ambitious goal', 'climate change', 'atmospheric CO 2', 'broad adoption', 'global warming', 'smart alternatives', 'immediate impact', 'reliability endurance', 'oil dilution', 'wind belts', 'sun belts', 'customer demands', 'clean, safe', 'Core targets', 'United States', 'Net Revenues', 'customer satisfaction', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'future events', 'business strategies', 'future financial', 'closing date', 'Stellantis fleet', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'innovative products', 'Testing', 'usability', 'AMSTERDAM', 'eFuels', 'region', 'decade', 'part', 'toolbox', 'customers', 'easy', 'fight', 'commitment', 'gasoline', 'tests', 'startability', 'filters', 'use', 'production', 'opportunity', 'availability', 'software', 'society', 'half', '2021 metrics', 'BEVs', 'ambition', 'aim', 'services', 'market', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'diversity', 'way', 'added', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'communication', 'operations', 'benefits', 'transaction', 'propo']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,globenewswire.com
23404,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117814143/news/Stellantis-N-Finalizing-eFuel-Testing-on-28-Engine-Families-to-Support-Decarbonization-of-ICE-Flee-43557897/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Stellantis N : Finalizing eFuel Testing on 28 Engine Families to Support Decarbonization of ICE Fleet on the Road,(marketscreener.com)   While committed to 100% battery electric passenger car sales in Europe by 2030  Stellantis is testing the usability of eFuels on European vehicles produced since 2014 to reinforce carbon emission reductions   28 engine families are…,"While committed to 100% battery electric passenger car sales in Europe by 2030  Stellantis is testing the usability of eFuels on European vehicles produced since 2014 (Euro 6) to reinforce carbon emission reductions28 engine families are being tested to make them eFuels friendly  which can provide an up to 90% reduction in CO 2 emissionsSolution could be applied on up to 28 million Stellantis vehicles with the potential to reduce up to 400 million tons of CO 2 in Europe from 2025 to 2050Stellantis targets ambitious goal of achieving carbon net zero by 2038 as outlined in Dare Forward 2030 strategic planAMSTERDAM - Stellantis today confirmed it is finalizing testing of eFuels on 28 engine families to help accelerate the carbon emissions reduction potential of the 28 million Stellantis internal combustion engines (ICE) built since 2014 (Euro 6) in Europe  while remaining committed to selling only BEV passenger cars in the region by the end of the decade.As part of the toolbox available to reduce carbon emissions and fight against climate change  eFuel is a drop-in replacement synthetic fuel made from captured atmospheric CO 2 and renewable energy.The broad adoption of eFuels would offer customers with existing ICE vehicles an easy and affordable option to decarbonize their vehicles without needing to replace their vehicle  upgrade the engine fuel system or await a new infrastructure network.""We are doubling down on our fight against global warming by testing carbon-neutral fuel as a complementary solution to our holistic decarbonization approach. While we remain steadfast in executing our aggressive electrification strategy  we must also find smart alternatives to address the CO 2 emissions for the 1.3 billion existing ICE cars "" said Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares. ""By working to make sure our Stellantis engines are eFuels friendly  we are aiming at giving our customers another tool in the fight against global warming and one that can have an almost immediate impact. It is also another action we are taking that is well aligned with our commitment to be carbon neutral by 2038.""Stellantis is testing and validating 28 engine families built from 2014 to 2029 for both gasoline and diesel engines. The comprehensive validation protocol includes tests on tailpipe emissions  startability  engine power  reliability endurance  oil dilution  fuel tank  fuel lines and filters  to name a few. The use of eFuel in the up to 28 million vehicles in the Stellantis fleet has the potential to reduce up to 400 million tons of CO 2 emissions in Europe from 2025 through 2050.The production of eFuel is an opportunity to reimagine energy sovereignty by redefining the energy sourcing map based on the availability of wind belts and sun belts  not on current fossil fuel extraction locations.Stellantis is investing more than €30 billion through 2025 in electrification and software to deliver battery electric vehicles that meet customer demands. The Company also studies complementary solutions to continue CO 2 emission reduction efforts to meet its commitment to offer clean  safe and affordable mobility solutions for society at large.The Company's long-term strategic plan Dare Forward 2030 is led by deep emission cuts to slash CO 2 in half by 2030  benchmarking 2021 metrics  and achieve carbon net zero by 2038 with single digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions.Core targets for Dare Forward 2030 also include 100% of passenger car sales in Europe and 50% of passenger car and light-duty truck sales in the United States to be BEVs by the end of the decade; the ambition of doubling Net Revenues by 2030 (versus 2021) and sustaining double-digit Adjusted Operating Income margins throughout the decade; and the aim to become number one in customer satisfaction for products and services in every market by 2030.About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today's customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves - aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.44,0.38,0.17,True,English,"['Stellantis N', 'eFuel Testing', '28 Engine Families', 'ICE Fleet', 'Decarbonization', 'Road', 'double-digit Adjusted Operating Income margins', 'current fossil fuel extraction locations', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', '28 million Stellantis internal combustion engines', '100% battery electric passenger car sales', 'single digit percentage compensation', 'Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares', '1.3 billion existing ICE cars', 'up to 400 million tons', 'CO 2 emission reduction efforts', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan', 'battery electric vehicles', 'carbon emissions reduction potential', 'long-term strategic plan', 'BEV passenger cars', 'light-duty truck sales', 'deep emission cuts', 'up to 90% reduction', 'new infrastructure network', 'holistic decarbonization approach', 'comprehensive validation protocol', 'replacement synthetic fuel', 'carbon emission reductions', 'existing ICE vehicles', 'energy sourcing map', 'affordable mobility solutions', 'engine fuel system', 'aggressive electrification strategy', '28 million Stellantis vehicles', 'Stellantis N.V.', '28 million vehicles', 'mobility provider', 'Stellantis engines', 'diesel engines', 'The Company', 'carbon-neutral fuel', 'fuel tank', 'fuel lines', 'affordable option', 'complementary solutions', 'Citroën', 'European vehicles', 'renewable energy', 'energy sovereignty', 'CO 2 emissions', 'tailpipe emissions', 'remaining emissions', '28 engine families', 'engine power', 'ambitious goal', 'climate change', 'atmospheric CO 2', 'broad adoption', 'global warming', 'smart alternatives', 'immediate impact', 'reliability endurance', 'oil dilution', 'Stellantis fleet', 'wind belts', 'sun belts', 'customer demands', 'clean, safe', 'Core targets', 'United States', 'Net Revenues', 'customer satisfaction', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'innovative products', 'usability', 'eFuels', 'AMSTERDAM', 'testing', 'region', 'decade', 'part', 'toolbox', 'customers', 'easy', 'fight', 'commitment', 'gasoline', 'tests', 'startability', 'filters', 'use', 'production', 'opportunity', 'availability', 'software', 'society', 'half', '2021 metrics', 'BEVs', 'ambition', 'aim', 'services', 'market', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'diversity', 'way', 'added', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23405,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/20/2651369/0/en/Q1-2023-revenue-Sales-growth-2-0-upheld-by-price-increases-implemented-in-2022-Excellent-performance-of-Sport-offsetting-slower-demand-in-flooring.html,Q1 2023 revenue: Sales growth +2.0% upheld by price increases implemented in 2022 Excellent performance of Sport offsetting slower demand in flooring,Q1 2023 revenue:   Sales growth +2.0% upheld by price increases implemented in 2022   Excellent performance of Sport offsetting slower demand in flooring ...,English FrenchQ1 2023 revenue:Sales growth +2.0% upheld by price increases implemented in 2022Excellent performance of Sport offsetting slower demand in flooringResults for the first quarter 2023Revenue up +2.0% compared to Q1 2022  benefiting from sales price increases deployed in 2022 and a favourable foreign exchange effect  offsetting the decline in volumeExcellent level of activity in Sport: organic growth of +17.8% compared with Q1 2022Business volume down in EMEA compared to Q1 2022 due to continuing weakness in residential demand  tempered by the good resistance of commercial productsIn North America  slight decline in Commercial activity  recovery in Hospitality and marked decrease in volume in ResidentialStabilisation of activity level in CIS around -20% compared with 2022  slow start to the year in Asia but continued growth in Latin AmericaThe sale price increases implemented in 2022 are still neutralising the inflation of purchasing costs which persists despite the beginning of a downturn in raw materials pricesParis  20 April 2023: the Supervisory Board of Tarkett (Euronext Paris: FR0004188670 TKTT)  which met today  reviewed the Group’s consolidated revenue for the first quarter of 2023.The Group uses alternative performance indicators (not defined under IFRS)  described in detail in the annex to this document:Revenue in millions of euros Q1 2023 Q1 2022 Change Of which organic growth Organic change including price changes in CIS (1) EMEA 230.2 238.4 -3.4% -1.6% -1.6% North America 214.2 204.2 +4.9% +0.8% +0.8% CIS  APAC & Latin America 121.7 133.6 -8.8% -17.2% -15.4% Sport 132.3 108.5 +22.0% +17.8% +17.8% Group Total 698.4 684.7 +2.0% -0.9% -0.5%(1) Sale price adjustments in the CIS countries are historically intended to offset currency movements and are therefore excluded from the “organic growth” indicator (see Annex 1). Since 2022  significant price increases have been implemented to offset the effects of purchase price inflation  and therefore the Group also measures the change in like-for-like sales including price adjustments in the CIS countries.1. Revenue for the first quarter 2023Net revenue for the Group was €698 million  up by +2.0% compared to the first quarter of 2022. Organic growth was -0.5% including the sales price increases in the CIS region. The total effect of the sales price increases implemented across all segments is +7.3% on average compared to the first quarter of 2022.The EMEA segment achieved a turnover of €230 million  down -3.4% compared to the first quarter of 2022  including an unfavourable currency effect of -2.1% and a scope effect of +0.2%  representing organic growth of -1.6%. The macroeconomic environment and widespread inflation in Eurozone countries have had a negative impact on Residential activity in all product categories. Commercial activity is down only slightly compared with last year  sustained by increased volumes of resilient flooring for health and education sectors and the good resistance of carpet tile sales. The increases in sales prices implemented since 2022 have made it possible to offset persistently high material and transport costs  as well as very significant wage increases in certain European countries.The North America segment reported revenue of €214 million  an increase of +4.9% compared to the first quarter of 2022  reflecting like-for-like growth of +0.8% and a positive exchange rate effect due to the appreciation of the dollar against the Euro (+3.7%). The Residential market is still penalised by inflation and the increase in bank lending rates. The Commercial segments are down slightly  whilst sales of carpets for the Hotel sector are improving. The effect of different sale price increases in 2022 are still having a significant positive effect on sales in the first quarter.Revenue in the CIS  APAC and Latin America segment has reached €122 million  down -8.8% compared with the first quarter of 2022 given the decrease in organic sales of -15.4% (including increases in sale prices in CIS countries)  which was attenuated by a positive exchange rate effect (+6.6%) linked mainly to the appreciation of the rouble. The market in Russia has stabilised at around -20.0% in volume terms compared with 2022. Sales in Russia made up approximately 8% of total Group sales in the first quarter. Activity was slow in the first quarter in a sluggish market in Asia  particularly in China. Volume growth is still being upheld in Latin America compared to last year.As expected  the Sport segment continued to show very strong growth for the third consecutive quarter. Revenue amounted to €132 million  up by +22.0%  with +17.8% organic growth  compared to the first quarter of 2022. The market remains dynamic in North America for both artificial turf sports fields and athletic tracks  two segments where Tarkett benefits from its leadership  and the order book remains strong.ProspectsThe macroeconomic environment will continue to impact the level of demand in 2023  particularly due to the level of inflation and interest rate rises.Tarkett estimates that the business volume for flooring products will slow down during the first half of 2023. Activities in the Sport division continue to benefit from a buoyant market and should continue to grow thanks to a strong order book  albeit at a slower pace than in 2022 (+33.0% organic growth).In this context  the Group has taken immediate steps to reduce discretionary spending. At the same time  actions to reduce the cost structure are being implemented in the regions most affected by the slowdown in activity.There has been a sequential decrease in prices of the Group’s main raw materials but their absolute levels remain high. Energy prices are also lower than at the end of 2022  but further price increases in 2023 cannot be ruled out  especially in Europe due to tensions in the gas supply chain and capacity constraints at some electricity suppliers. Salary increases will be higher overall than in previous years. At this stage  the Group is therefore maintaining the sale prices reached at the end of 2022 and does not rule out further increases.This press release may contain forward-looking statements. These statements do not constitute forecasts regarding results or any other performance indicator  but rather trends or targets. These statements are by their nature subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the Company’s Registration Document available on its website ( https://www.tarkett-group.com/en/category/urd/ ). They do not reflect the future performance of the Company  which may differ significantly. The Company does not undertake to provide updates to these statements.Financial calendar26 July 2023 : H1 2023 financial results - press release after close of trading19 October 2023 : Q3 2023 revenue - press release after close of tradingInvestor Relations and Individual Shareholders Contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia contactsBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83Hugues Boëton – Tel.: +33 (0) 6 79 99 27 15 – Benoit Grange – Tel.: +33 (0)6 14 45 09 26About TarkettWith a history of more than 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating net sales of € 3.4 billion in 2022. The Group has 12 000 employees  25 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 34 production sites. Tarkett designs and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build “The Way to Better Floors ” the Group is committed to circular economy and sustainability  in line with its Tarkett Human‐Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT) www.tarkett‐group.com***Appendices1/ Definition of alternative performance indicators (not defined under IFRS)Organic growth measures the change in revenue as compared with the same period in the prior year  outside of the exchange rate effect and changes in scope. The exchange rate effect is obtained by applying the prior year’s exchange rate to sales for the current year and calculating the difference with sales for the current year. It also includes the effect of price adjustments in the CIS countries intended to offset the change in local currencies against the euro.measures the change in revenue as compared with the same period in the prior year  outside of the exchange rate effect and changes in scope. The exchange rate effect is obtained by applying the prior year’s exchange rate to sales for the current year and calculating the difference with sales for the current year. It also includes the effect of price adjustments in the CIS countries intended to offset the change in local currencies against the euro. The effect of changes in scope is composed of: current year sales by entities not included in the scope of consolidation in the same period of the prior year  until the anniversary of their consolidation; the reduction in sales related to divested businesses not included in the current year's scope of consolidation but included in sales for the same period in the previous year until the anniversary date of the divestiture.is composed of:in millions of euros Q1 2023 revenue Q1 2022 revenue Change Of which volume Of which sales prices Of which CIS sales prices Of which exchange rate effect Of which effect of changes in scope Group Total Q1 698.5 684.7 +2.0%-7.8%+6.9%+0.4% +2.3% +0.2% Of which organic growth -0.9% Of which sales price increases +7.3%2/ Bridges in millions of euros Q1 2023Q1 2022 684.7 +/- EMEA -3.7 +/- North America +1.6 +/- CIS  APAC & Latin America -23.0 +/- Sports +19.3 Q1 2022 Like-for-like 678.9 +/- Scope effect +1.6 +/- Currencies +7.5 +/- Lag effect in CIS +10.5 Q1 2023 698.5Attachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.15,0.4,True,English,"['Q1 2023 revenue', 'Sales growth', 'price increases', 'Excellent performance', 'slower demand', 'Sport', 'flooring', '2022', 'artificial turf sports fields', 'favourable foreign exchange effect', 'positive exchange rate effect', 'different sale price increases', 'The North America segment', 'significant positive effect', 'bank lending rates', 'significant wage increases', 'alternative performance indicators', 'significant price increases', 'unfavourable currency effect', 'raw materials prices', 'Sale price adjustments', 'carpet tile sales', 'third consecutive quarter', 'The EMEA segment', 'Latin America segment', 'sales price increases', 'purchase price inflation', 'The Commercial segments', 'organic growth” indicator', 'The Residential market', 'total Group sales', 'sale prices', 'interest rate', 'total effect', 'scope effect', 'price changes', 'The Group', 'Excellent performance', 'currency movements', 'sales prices', 'commercial products', 'Sport segment', 'organic sales', '+17.8% organic growth', 'Sales growth', 'first quarter', 'English French', 'flooring Results', 'continuing weakness', 'good resistance', 'continued growth', 'purchasing costs', 'Supervisory Board', 'Group Total', 'macroeconomic environment', 'Eurozone countries', 'negative impact', 'product categories', 'resilient flooring', 'education sectors', 'high material', 'transport costs', 'European countries', 'Hotel sector', 'strong growth', 'athletic tracks', 'two segments', 'order book', 'Commercial activity', 'sluggish market', 'slower demand', 'residential demand', 'Residential activity', 'last year', 'Business volume', 'widespread inflation', 'volume terms', 'Volume growth', 'Excellent level', 'slight decline', 'Euronext Paris', 'CIS countries', 'CIS region', 'Organic change', 'Net revenue', 'activity level', 'Q1 2023 revenue', 'recovery', 'Hospitality', 'decrease', 'Stabilisation', 'Asia', 'beginning', 'downturn', 'April', 'Tarkett', 'TKTT', 'IFRS', 'detail', 'annex', 'document', 'millions', 'euros', 'APAC', 'effects', 'turnover', 'volumes', 'health', 'appreciation', 'dollar', 'carpets', 'Russia', 'China', 'leadership', 'Prospects', '2022']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,globenewswire.com
23406,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TARKETT-14899990/news/Q1-2023-revenue-Sales-growth-2-0-upheld-by-price-increases-implemented-in-2022-Excellent-performa-43594394/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Q1 2023 revenue: Sales growth +2.0% upheld by price increases implemented in 2022 Excellent performance of Sport offsetting slower demand in flooring,(marketscreener.com) Q1 2023 revenue: Sales growth +2.0% upheld by price increases implemented in 2022 Excellent performance of Sport offsetting slower demand in flooring Results for the first quarter 2023 Revenue up +2.0% compared to Q1 2022  benefiting from…,Q1 2023 revenue:Sales growth +2.0% upheld by price increases implemented in 2022Excellent performance of Sport offsetting slower demand in flooringResults for the first quarter 2023Revenue up +2.0% compared to Q1 2022  benefiting from sales price increases deployed in 2022 and a favourable foreign exchange effect  offsetting the decline in volumeExcellent level of activity in Sport: organic growth of +17.8% compared with Q1 2022Business volume down in EMEA compared to Q1 2022 due to continuing weakness in residential demand  tempered by the good resistance of commercial productsIn North America  slight decline in Commercial activity  recovery in Hospitality and marked decrease in volume in ResidentialStabilisation of activity level in CIS around -20% compared with 2022  slow start to the year in Asia but continued growth in Latin AmericaThe sale price increases implemented in 2022 are still neutralising the inflation of purchasing costs which persists despite the beginning of a downturn in raw materials pricesParis  20 April 2023: the Supervisory Board of Tarkett (Euronext Paris: FR0004188670 TKTT)  which met today  reviewed the Group’s consolidated revenue for the first quarter of 2023.The Group uses alternative performance indicators (not defined under IFRS)  described in detail in the annex to this document:Revenue in millions of euros Q1 2023 Q1 2022 Change Of which organic growth Organic change including price changes in CIS (1) EMEA 230.2 238.4 -3.4% -1.6% -1.6% North America 214.2 204.2 +4.9% +0.8% +0.8% CIS  APAC & Latin America 121.7 133.6 -8.8% -17.2% -15.4% Sport 132.3 108.5 +22.0% +17.8% +17.8% Group Total 698.4 684.7 +2.0% -0.9% -0.5%(1) Sale price adjustments in the CIS countries are historically intended to offset currency movements and are therefore excluded from the “organic growth” indicator (see Annex 1). Since 2022  significant price increases have been implemented to offset the effects of purchase price inflation  and therefore the Group also measures the change in like-for-like sales including price adjustments in the CIS countries.1. Revenue for the first quarter 2023Net revenue for the Group was €698 million  up by +2.0% compared to the first quarter of 2022. Organic growth was -0.5% including the sales price increases in the CIS region. The total effect of the sales price increases implemented across all segments is +7.3% on average compared to the first quarter of 2022.The EMEA segment achieved a turnover of €230 million  down -3.4% compared to the first quarter of 2022  including an unfavourable currency effect of -2.1% and a scope effect of +0.2%  representing organic growth of -1.6%. The macroeconomic environment and widespread inflation in Eurozone countries have had a negative impact on Residential activity in all product categories. Commercial activity is down only slightly compared with last year  sustained by increased volumes of resilient flooring for health and education sectors and the good resistance of carpet tile sales. The increases in sales prices implemented since 2022 have made it possible to offset persistently high material and transport costs  as well as very significant wage increases in certain European countries.The North America segment reported revenue of €214 million  an increase of +4.9% compared to the first quarter of 2022  reflecting like-for-like growth of +0.8% and a positive exchange rate effect due to the appreciation of the dollar against the Euro (+3.7%). The Residential market is still penalised by inflation and the increase in bank lending rates. The Commercial segments are down slightly  whilst sales of carpets for the Hotel sector are improving. The effect of different sale price increases in 2022 are still having a significant positive effect on sales in the first quarter.Revenue in the CIS  APAC and Latin America segment has reached €122 million  down -8.8% compared with the first quarter of 2022 given the decrease in organic sales of -15.4% (including increases in sale prices in CIS countries)  which was attenuated by a positive exchange rate effect (+6.6%) linked mainly to the appreciation of the rouble. The market in Russia has stabilised at around -20.0% in volume terms compared with 2022. Sales in Russia made up approximately 8% of total Group sales in the first quarter. Activity was slow in the first quarter in a sluggish market in Asia  particularly in China. Volume growth is still being upheld in Latin America compared to last year.As expected  the Sport segment continued to show very strong growth for the third consecutive quarter. Revenue amounted to €132 million  up by +22.0%  with +17.8% organic growth  compared to the first quarter of 2022. The market remains dynamic in North America for both artificial turf sports fields and athletic tracks  two segments where Tarkett benefits from its leadership  and the order book remains strong.ProspectsThe macroeconomic environment will continue to impact the level of demand in 2023  particularly due to the level of inflation and interest rate rises.Tarkett estimates that the business volume for flooring products will slow down during the first half of 2023. Activities in the Sport division continue to benefit from a buoyant market and should continue to grow thanks to a strong order book  albeit at a slower pace than in 2022 (+33.0% organic growth).In this context  the Group has taken immediate steps to reduce discretionary spending. At the same time  actions to reduce the cost structure are being implemented in the regions most affected by the slowdown in activity.There has been a sequential decrease in prices of the Group’s main raw materials but their absolute levels remain high. Energy prices are also lower than at the end of 2022  but further price increases in 2023 cannot be ruled out  especially in Europe due to tensions in the gas supply chain and capacity constraints at some electricity suppliers. Salary increases will be higher overall than in previous years. At this stage  the Group is therefore maintaining the sale prices reached at the end of 2022 and does not rule out further increases.This press release may contain forward-looking statements. These statements do not constitute forecasts regarding results or any other performance indicator  but rather trends or targets. These statements are by their nature subject to risks and uncertainties as described in the Company’s Registration Document available on its website ( https://www.tarkett-group.com/en/category/urd/ ). They do not reflect the future performance of the Company  which may differ significantly. The Company does not undertake to provide updates to these statements.Financial calendar26 July 2023 : H1 2023 financial results - press release after close of trading19 October 2023 : Q3 2023 revenue - press release after close of tradingInvestor Relations and Individual Shareholders Contactinvestors@tarkett.comMedia contactsBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83Hugues Boëton – Tel.: +33 (0) 6 79 99 27 15 – Benoit Grange – Tel.: +33 (0)6 14 45 09 26About TarkettWith a history of more than 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating net sales of € 3.4 billion in 2022. The Group has 12 000 employees  25 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 34 production sites. Tarkett designs and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build “The Way to Better Floors ” the Group is committed to circular economy and sustainability  in line with its Tarkett Human‐Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT) www.tarkett‐group.com***Appendices1/ Definition of alternative performance indicators (not defined under IFRS)Organic growth measures the change in revenue as compared with the same period in the prior year  outside of the exchange rate effect and changes in scope. The exchange rate effect is obtained by applying the prior year’s exchange rate to sales for the current year and calculating the difference with sales for the current year. It also includes the effect of price adjustments in the CIS countries intended to offset the change in local currencies against the euro.measures the change in revenue as compared with the same period in the prior year  outside of the exchange rate effect and changes in scope. The exchange rate effect is obtained by applying the prior year’s exchange rate to sales for the current year and calculating the difference with sales for the current year. It also includes the effect of price adjustments in the CIS countries intended to offset the change in local currencies against the euro. The effect of changes in scope is composed of: current year sales by entities not included in the scope of consolidation in the same period of the prior year  until the anniversary of their consolidation; the reduction in sales related to divested businesses not included in the current year's scope of consolidation but included in sales for the same period in the previous year until the anniversary date of the divestiture.is composed of:in millions of euros Q1 2023 revenue Q1 2022 revenue Change Of which volume Of which sales prices Of which CIS sales prices Of which exchange rate effect Of which effect of changes in scope Group Total Q1 698.5 684.7 +2.0%-7.8%+6.9%+0.4% +2.3% +0.2% Of which organic growth -0.9% Of which sales price increases +7.3%2/ Bridges in millions of euros Q1 2023Q1 2022 684.7 +/- EMEA -3.7 +/- North America +1.6 +/- CIS  APAC & Latin America -23.0 +/- Sports +19.3 Q1 2022 Like-for-like 678.9 +/- Scope effect +1.6 +/- Currencies +7.5 +/- Lag effect in CIS +10.5 Q1 2023 698.5Attachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.11,0.41,True,English,"['Q1 2023 revenue', 'Sales growth', 'price increases', 'Excellent performance', 'slower demand', 'Sport', 'flooring', '2022', 'artificial turf sports fields', 'favourable foreign exchange effect', 'positive exchange rate effect', 'different sale price increases', 'The North America segment', 'interest rate rises', 'significant positive effect', 'bank lending rates', 'significant wage increases', 'alternative performance indicators', 'significant price increases', 'unfavourable currency effect', 'raw materials prices', 'Sale price adjustments', 'carpet tile sales', 'third consecutive quarter', 'Latin America segment', 'sales price increases', 'purchase price inflation', 'The EMEA segment', 'organic growth” indicator', 'The Residential market', 'total Group sales', 'sale prices', 'total effect', 'scope effect', 'price changes', 'Excellent performance', 'currency movements', 'sales prices', 'The Group', 'Sport segment', 'organic sales', '+17.8% organic growth', 'Sales growth', 'first quarter', 'flooring Results', 'continuing weakness', 'good resistance', 'commercial products', 'continued growth', 'purchasing costs', 'Supervisory Board', 'Group Total', 'macroeconomic environment', 'Eurozone countries', 'negative impact', 'product categories', 'resilient flooring', 'education sectors', 'high material', 'transport costs', 'European countries', 'Hotel sector', 'strong growth', 'athletic tracks', 'order book', 'sluggish market', 'slower demand', 'residential demand', 'Commercial activity', 'Residential activity', 'last year', 'Commercial segments', 'two segments', 'Business volume', 'widespread inflation', 'volume terms', 'Volume growth', 'Excellent level', 'slight decline', 'Euronext Paris', 'CIS countries', 'CIS region', 'Organic change', 'consolidated revenue', 'Net revenue', 'activity level', 'Q1 2023 revenue', 'recovery', 'Hospitality', 'decrease', 'Stabilisation', 'Asia', 'beginning', 'downturn', 'April', 'Tarkett', 'TKTT', 'IFRS', 'detail', 'annex', 'document', 'millions', 'euros', 'APAC', 'effects', 'turnover', 'volumes', 'health', 'appreciation', 'dollar', 'carpets', 'Russia', 'China', 'leadership', 'Prospects', '2022', '1.']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23407,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BUREAU-VERITAS-SA-64670/news/BUREAU-VERITAS-Vincent-Bourdil-appointed-Executive-Vice-President-of-Bureau-Veritas-Global-Busines-43594167/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,BUREAU VERITAS - Vincent Bourdil appointed Executive Vice-President of Bureau Veritas Global Business Lines and Performance,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Neuilly-sur-Seine  France – April 20  2023 Vincent Bourdil appointed Executive Vice-President of Bureau Veritas Global Business Lines and Performance A new position on the Group Executive Committee Bureau Veritas  a world le…,PRESS RELEASENeuilly-sur-Seine  France – April 20  2023Vincent Bourdil appointed Executive Vice-President ofBureau Veritas Global Business Lines and PerformanceA new position on the Group Executive CommitteeBureau Veritas  a world leader in Testing  Inspection and Certification  is pleased to announce the appointment of Vincent Bourdil  effective May 1st  2023 as Executive Vice-President of Global Business Lines and Performance.Vincent Bourdil will report to Hinda Gharbi  Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Bureau Veritas and will join the Group Executive Committee.This newly created position enables the company to accelerate the operationalization of its growth strategy. This role is responsible for developing the portfolio in Commodities  Industry  Certification and Facilities and will help anticipate market and customers’ needs and enable performance programs across global operations.The Global Business Lines and Performance organization will encompass:Global Business Lines for Industry & Facilities  Certification  Agri-Food and Commodities.Sales and Commercial  Technical  Quality & Risk (TQR)  and Health & Safety  Security & Environment (HSE) functions.Hinda Gharbi  Deputy Chief Executive Officer  Bureau Veritas  said:“I am pleased to welcome Vincent Bourdil to this new role and to see him join our Group Executive Committee team. Today  our customers around the world are facing increasingly complex regulatory requirements and heightened demands from their stakeholders to mitigate risk and to attain higher levels of excellence and sustainability in what they do.We are creating this new role  which will enable Bureau Veritas to anticipate our clients’ needs and to further strengthen our focus on operational excellence and on delivering the highest quality of service.Vincent’s experience in both business lines and regional operational roles brings a perfect blend of strategic thinking  strong operational skills and commercial focus to this role. His leadership  energy and customer centricity will be pivotal to our success as we accelerate our growth and performance.”Didier Michaud-Daniel  Chief Executive Officer  Bureau Veritas  added:“I would like to congratulate Vincent on this appointment on several counts. First of all  for his stellar career at Bureau Veritas over the past seven years and his commitment to the Group. Secondly  for having built a strong and professional team of leaders and experts in Asia Pacific over the past five years  making us a leading player in our industry  recognized by our customers and government stakeholders. And finally  for embodying so proudly the mission and purpose of Bureau Veritas - Shaping a World of Trust by ensuring responsible progress”.About Vincent BourdilVincent Bourdil joined Bureau Veritas in 2016 to build and drive the Global Food Service Line. In 2019  he was promoted to Vice President of CIF South-East Asia  based in Singapore. In 2020  Vincent became the Senior Vice President for South-East Asia and Pacific Regions  where he has successfully led a deep business acceleration towards a more diversified and sustainable portfolio  driving superior growth generation and enhanced performance.Vincent is an ardent advocate of Bureau Veritas as ‘a company with purpose’ which nurtures talents willing to make a positive impact.His early career spanned various global multinational organizations across different market sectors  including Retail and Digital Business Process Transformation. He also worked and studied internationally including in Afghanistan  French Guiana and Hungary. Prior to joining Bureau Veritas  he was the Managing Director of Food for a leader in the Testing sector in France.Vincent Bourdil graduated from HEC Paris.About Bureau VeritasBureau Veritas is a world leader in laboratory testing  inspection and certification services. Created in 1828  the Group has more than 82 000 employees located in nearly 1 600 offices and laboratories around the globe. Bureau Veritas helps its 400 000 clients improve their performance by offering services and innovative solutions in order to ensure that their assets  products  infrastructure and processes meet standards and regulations in terms of quality  health and safety  environmental protection and social responsibility.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20 and SBF 120 indices.Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com  and follow us on Twitter (@bureauveritas) and LinkedIn.Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com.ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Caroline Ponsi Khider +33 (0)1 55 24 76 09 +33 (0)7 52 60 89 78 laurent.brunelle@bureauveritas.com caroline.ponsi-khider@bureauveritas.com Colin Verbrugghe Primatice +33 (0)1 55 24 77 80 thomasdeclimens@primatice.com colin.verbrugghe@bureauveritas.com armandrigaudy@primatice.comKarine Ansart+33 (0)1 55 24 76 19karine.ansart@bureauveritas.comVincent Bourdil est nommé Vice-Président exécutifGlobal Business Lines et Performancede Bureau VeritasAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['Bureau Veritas Global Business Lines', 'Vincent Bourdil', 'Executive Vice-President', 'Performance', 'ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Caroline Ponsi Khider', 'various global multinational organizations', 'Digital Business Process Transformation', 'Bureau Veritas Global Business Lines', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'The Global Business Lines', 'Global Food Service Line', 'Group Executive Committee team', 'deep business acceleration', 'complex regulatory requirements', 'past seven years', 'past five years', 'Colin Verbrugghe Primatice', 'regional operational roles', 'Senior Vice President', 'superior growth generation', 'different market sectors', 'CIF South-East Asia', 'strong operational skills', 'Commercial, Technical, Quality', 'global operations', 'Executive Vice-President', 'professional team', 'Asia Pacific', 'operational excellence', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Hinda Gharbi', 'growth strategy', 'higher levels', 'highest quality', 'perfect blend', 'strategic thinking', 'commercial focus', 'customer centricity', 'Didier Michaud-Daniel', 'several counts', 'stellar career', 'leading player', 'responsible progress', 'Pacific Regions', 'ardent advocate', 'positive impact', 'early career', 'French Guiana', 'Managing Director', 'HEC Paris', 'innovative solutions', 'environmental protection', 'social responsibility', 'Euronext Paris', 'SBF 120 indices', 'Compartment A', 'ISIN code', 'stock symbol', 'blockchain technology', 'Karine Ansart', 'Vincent Bourdil', 'new position', 'new role', 'clients’ needs', 'government stakeholders', 'sustainable portfolio', 'Testing sector', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'customers’ needs', 'performance programs', 'Performance organization', 'world leader', 'certification services', '400,000 clients', 'France', 'April', 'Inspection', 'appointment', 'company', 'operationalization', 'Commodities', 'Industry', 'Facilities', 'Agri-Food', 'Sales', 'Risk', 'TQR', 'Health', 'Safety', 'Security', 'HSE', 'functions', 'demands', 'sustainability', 'experience', 'leadership', 'energy', 'success', 'commitment', 'experts', 'mission', 'purpose', 'Trust', 'Singapore', 'diversified', 'enhanced', 'talents', 'Retail', 'Afghanistan', 'Hungary', '82,000 employees', '1,600 offices', 'laboratories', 'globe', 'order', 'assets', 'products', 'infrastructure', 'processes', 'standards', 'regulations', 'terms', 'BVI.', 'information', 'bureauveritas', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23408,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/20/2650659/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 19 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9629 £ 23.8160 Estimated MTD return 1.20 % 1.26 % Estimated YTD return -2.90 % -2.50 % Estimated ITD return 169.63 % 138.16 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.41 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.80 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.1175 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.1220The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,globenewswire.com
23409,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/20/2650658/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 19 Apr 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 26.9629 £ 23.8160 Estimated MTD return 1.20 % 1.26 % Estimated YTD return -2.90 % -2.50 % Estimated ITD return 169.63 % 138.16 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.00 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.41 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 910.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.80 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 296 208 126 294 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 296 208 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 237.1175 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.1220The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,globenewswire.com
23410,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ATOS-SE-4612/news/Eviden-reinforces-its-end-to-end-cloud-offering-with-3-new-Cloud-Centers-43549173/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Eviden reinforces its end-to-end cloud offering with 3 new Cloud Centers,(marketscreener.com) to support customers worldwide at every stage of their cloud journey  from cloud migration and continuous optimization to accelerating innovation  all protected under the umbrella of cybersecurity. Each cloud center is dedicated to a spec…,Press ReleaseEviden reinforces its end-to-end cloud offering with 3 new Cloud CentersParis  France – April 20  2023 – Eviden  the Atos business leading in digital  cloud  big data and security  today announces the opening of three cloud centers - in India (Bangalore and Pune) and Poland (Bydgoszcz) - to support customers worldwide at every stage of their cloud journey  from cloud migration and continuous optimization to accelerating innovation  all protected under the umbrella of cybersecurity. Each cloud center is dedicated to a specific workstream (Migration  CloudOps or Engineering)  supporting Eviden’s cloud approach to end-to-end cloud services at scale.Cloud Migration Center - delivered from Pune  this best-in-class center  aligned with hyperscaler best practices  delivers migration and modernization services  leveraging IP  assets  resources and best practices.delivered from Pune  this best-in-class center  aligned with hyperscaler best practices  delivers migration and modernization services  leveraging IP  assets  resources and best practices. Cloud Engineering Center - delivered from Bydgoszcz  engineering cloud automation at scale  this center is an inclusive platform enabling customers to design  collaborate and create accelerated  innovative solutions and applications to solve complex challenges. Customers can leverage repetitive and automated patterns to automate the provision of cloud resources so that they may more rapidly map and match workloads to resource available and deploy new projects.delivered from Bydgoszcz  engineering cloud automation at scale  this center is an inclusive platform enabling customers to design  collaborate and create accelerated  innovative solutions and applications to solve complex challenges. Customers can leverage repetitive and automated patterns to automate the provision of cloud resources so that they may more rapidly map and match workloads to resource available and deploy new projects. Cloud Operations Center - delivered from Bangalore  this center delivers native CloudOps services  and IaaS and PaaS1 managed services  all based on global standards. This is in addition to FinOps and GreenOps to ensure continuous optimization and efficient use of the cloud  both in terms of reducing carbon footprint and optimising costs.All three cloud centers deliver a range of services to global public and private players  including native public cloud  which is aligned to hyperscalers’ and partner technologies in terms of infrastructure  applications and data  as well as edge to cloud. They address key business segments  Financial Services & Insurance  Healthcare & Life Sciences  Manufacturing  Public sector & Defense  Resources & Services  and Telecom  Media & Entertainment.Philippe Oliva  CEO  Eviden business and Group Co-CEO  Atos Group said “We are proud to provide our customers with state-of-the-art competence centers that embrace the whole spectrum of cloud services. Supported by our highly skilled teams  Eviden’s new offshore and nearshore competence centers address our customers’ challenges  whether they operate on the public  hybrid or private cloud”.Tomasz Schmidt  Head of R&D at Mzuri said “At Mzuri we strive to deliver state-of-the-art seeding technology to meet basic human needs - the production of high-quality food and plant raw materials with the simultaneous care for the natural environment. It’s clear to us that digital technologies are instrumental to reach our goals – the Eviden team understand that very well. Their cloud experts not only offered a tailored IT platform but are also helping us improve our decarbonization strategy – thanks to EcoAct  an Eviden business.”Eviden helps customers achieve the promise of cloud through accelerated advisory  adoption  and continuous improvement. It designs with greener and more secure architectures and delivers through an agile and inclusive culture to enable innovative outcomes.***About Eviden2Eviden designs the scope composed of Atos’ digital  cloud  big data and security business lines. It will be a global leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation. As a next generation digital business with worldwide leading positions in digital  cloud  data  advanced computing and security  it brings deep expertise for all industries in more than 53 countries. By uniting unique high-end technologies across the full digital continuum with 57 000 world-class talents  Eviden expands the possibilities of technologies for enterprises and public authorities  helping them to build their digital future. Eviden is an Atos Group business with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 111 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactLaura Fau – laura.fau@atos.net – +33 (0) 6 73 64 04 181 IaaS : Infrastructure as a Service – PaaS : Platform as a Service2Eviden business is operated through the following brands: Alia Consulting  AppCentrica  ATHEA  Atos Syntel  Bull  Cloudamize  Cloudreach  Cryptovision  DataSentics  digital.security  Eagle Creek  EcoAct  Edifixio  Energy4U  Engage ESM  Forensik  IDEAL GRP  IDnomic  In Fidem  Ipsotek  Maven Wave  Miner & Kasch  Motiv  Nimbix  Processia  Profit4SF  science+computing  SEC Consult  Visual BI  Worldgrid  X-Perion  zDataEviden is a registered trademark. © Eviden SAS  2023.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.8,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['end cloud offering', '3 new Cloud Centers', 'Eviden', 'next generation digital business', 'basic human needs', 'plant raw materials', 'worldwide leading positions', 'key business segments', 'full digital continuum', 'accelerated, innovative solutions', 'nearshore competence centers', 'PaaS1 managed services', 'hyperscaler best practices', 'unique high-end technologies', 'three cloud centers', 'sustainable digital transformation', 'end cloud offering', 'security business lines', 'native public cloud', 'tailored IT platform', '3 new Cloud Centers', 'Cloud Operations Center', 'native CloudOps services', 'end cloud services', 'engineering cloud automation', 'Cloud Engineering Center', 'Atos Group business', 'Cloud Migration Center', 'end solutions', 'innovative outcomes', 'digital, cloud', 'inclusive platform', 'digital technologies', 'digital future', 'decarbonized digital', 'new projects', 'new offshore', 'Atos business', 'global public', 'Public sector', 'public, hybrid', 'public authorities', 'cloud journey', 'cloud approach', 'private cloud', 'cloud experts', 'modernization services', 'Financial Services', 'decarbonization services', 'Press Release', 'continuous optimization', 'specific workstream', 'class center', 'complex challenges', 'automated patterns', 'global standards', 'efficient use', 'carbon footprint', 'private players', 'partner technologies', 'Life Sciences', 'Philippe Oliva', 'skilled teams', 'Tomasz Schmidt', 'R&D', 'seeding technology', 'high-quality food', 'simultaneous care', 'natural environment', 'decarbonization strategy', 'continuous improvement', 'inclusive culture', 'global leader', 'data-driven, trusted', 'advanced computing', 'deep expertise', '57,000 world-class talents', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'Eviden business', 'cloud resources', 'big data', 'secure architectures', 'Eviden team', 'customers’ challenges', 'Paris', 'France', 'April', 'opening', 'India', 'Bangalore', 'Pune', 'Poland', 'Bydgoszcz', 'stage', 'innovation', 'umbrella', 'cybersecurity', 'assets', 'applications', 'repetitive', 'provision', 'workloads', 'IaaS', 'addition', 'FinOps', 'GreenOps', 'terms', 'costs', 'range', 'infrastructure', 'edge', 'Insurance', 'Healthcare', 'Manufacturing', 'Defense', 'Telecom', 'Media', 'Entertainment', 'CEO', 'state', 'spectrum', 'Head', 'Mzuri', 'production', 'goals', 'EcoAct', 'promise', 'advisory', 'adoption', 'greener', 'agile', 'Eviden2', 'scope', 'industries', '53 countries', 'possibilities', 'enterprises', '111,000 employees', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23411,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/20/2651334/0/en/BUREAU-VERITAS-Vincent-Bourdil-appointed-Executive-Vice-President-of-Bureau-Veritas-Global-Business-Lines-and-Performance.html,BUREAU VERITAS - Vincent Bourdil appointed Executive Vice-President of Bureau Veritas Global Business Lines and Performance,PRESS RELEASE    Neuilly-sur-Seine  France – April 20  2023    Vincent Bourdil appointed Executive Vice-President of Bureau Veritas Global Business...,English FrenchPRESS RELEASENeuilly-sur-Seine  France – April 20  2023Vincent Bourdil appointed Executive Vice-President ofBureau Veritas Global Business Lines and PerformanceA new position on the Group Executive CommitteeBureau Veritas  a world leader in Testing  Inspection and Certification  is pleased to announce the appointment of Vincent Bourdil  effective May 1st  2023 as Executive Vice-President of Global Business Lines and Performance.Vincent Bourdil will report to Hinda Gharbi  Deputy Chief Executive Officer of Bureau Veritas and will join the Group Executive Committee.This newly created position enables the company to accelerate the operationalization of its growth strategy. This role is responsible for developing the portfolio in Commodities  Industry  Certification and Facilities and will help anticipate market and customers’ needs and enable performance programs across global operations.The Global Business Lines and Performance organization will encompass:Global Business Lines for Industry & Facilities  Certification  Agri-Food and Commodities.Sales and Commercial  Technical  Quality & Risk (TQR)  and Health & Safety  Security & Environment (HSE) functions.Hinda Gharbi  Deputy Chief Executive Officer  Bureau Veritas  said:“I am pleased to welcome Vincent Bourdil to this new role and to see him join our Group Executive Committee team. Today  our customers around the world are facing increasingly complex regulatory requirements and heightened demands from their stakeholders to mitigate risk and to attain higher levels of excellence and sustainability in what they do.We are creating this new role  which will enable Bureau Veritas to anticipate our clients’ needs and to further strengthen our focus on operational excellence and on delivering the highest quality of service.Vincent’s experience in both business lines and regional operational roles brings a perfect blend of strategic thinking  strong operational skills and commercial focus to this role. His leadership  energy and customer centricity will be pivotal to our success as we accelerate our growth and performance.”Didier Michaud-Daniel  Chief Executive Officer  Bureau Veritas  added:“I would like to congratulate Vincent on this appointment on several counts. First of all  for his stellar career at Bureau Veritas over the past seven years and his commitment to the Group. Secondly  for having built a strong and professional team of leaders and experts in Asia Pacific over the past five years  making us a leading player in our industry  recognized by our customers and government stakeholders. And finally  for embodying so proudly the mission and purpose of Bureau Veritas - Shaping a World of Trust by ensuring responsible progress”.About Vincent BourdilVincent Bourdil joined Bureau Veritas in 2016 to build and drive the Global Food Service Line. In 2019  he was promoted to Vice President of CIF South-East Asia  based in Singapore. In 2020  Vincent became the Senior Vice President for South-East Asia and Pacific Regions  where he has successfully led a deep business acceleration towards a more diversified and sustainable portfolio  driving superior growth generation and enhanced performance.Vincent is an ardent advocate of Bureau Veritas as ‘a company with purpose’ which nurtures talents willing to make a positive impact.His early career spanned various global multinational organizations across different market sectors  including Retail and Digital Business Process Transformation. He also worked and studied internationally including in Afghanistan  French Guiana and Hungary. Prior to joining Bureau Veritas  he was the Managing Director of Food for a leader in the Testing sector in France.Vincent Bourdil graduated from HEC Paris.About Bureau VeritasBureau Veritas is a world leader in laboratory testing  inspection and certification services. Created in 1828  the Group has more than 82 000 employees located in nearly 1 600 offices and laboratories around the globe. Bureau Veritas helps its 400 000 clients improve their performance by offering services and innovative solutions in order to ensure that their assets  products  infrastructure and processes meet standards and regulations in terms of quality  health and safety  environmental protection and social responsibility.Bureau Veritas is listed on Euronext Paris and belongs to the CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20 and SBF 120 indices.Compartment A  ISIN code FR 0006174348  stock symbol: BVI.For more information  visit www.bureauveritas.com  and follow us on Twitter (@bureauveritas) and LinkedIn.Our information is certified with blockchain technology.Check that this press release is genuine at www.wiztrust.com.ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Caroline Ponsi Khider +33 (0)1 55 24 76 09 +33 (0)7 52 60 89 78 laurent.brunelle@bureauveritas.com caroline.ponsi-khider@bureauveritas.com Colin Verbrugghe Primatice +33 (0)1 55 24 77 80 thomasdeclimens@primatice.com colin.verbrugghe@bureauveritas.com armandrigaudy@primatice.comKarine Ansart+33 (0)1 55 24 76 19karine.ansart@bureauveritas.comVincent Bourdil est nommé Vice-Président exécutifGlobal Business Lines et Performancede Bureau VeritasAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.87,0.13,0.0,True,English,"['Bureau Veritas Global Business Lines', 'Vincent Bourdil', 'Executive Vice-President', 'Performance', 'ANALYST/INVESTOR CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Laurent Brunelle Caroline Ponsi Khider', 'various global multinational organizations', 'Digital Business Process Transformation', 'Bureau Veritas Global Business Lines', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'The Global Business Lines', 'Global Food Service Line', 'Group Executive Committee team', 'deep business acceleration', 'complex regulatory requirements', 'past seven years', 'past five years', 'Colin Verbrugghe Primatice', 'regional operational roles', 'Senior Vice President', 'superior growth generation', 'different market sectors', 'CIF South-East Asia', 'strong operational skills', 'Commercial, Technical, Quality', 'global operations', 'Executive Vice-President', 'professional team', 'Asia Pacific', 'operational excellence', 'English French', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Hinda Gharbi', 'growth strategy', 'higher levels', 'highest quality', 'perfect blend', 'strategic thinking', 'commercial focus', 'customer centricity', 'Didier Michaud-Daniel', 'several counts', 'stellar career', 'leading player', 'responsible progress', 'Pacific Regions', 'ardent advocate', 'positive impact', 'early career', 'French Guiana', 'Managing Director', 'HEC Paris', 'innovative solutions', 'environmental protection', 'social responsibility', 'Euronext Paris', 'SBF 120 indices', 'Compartment A', 'ISIN code', 'stock symbol', 'blockchain technology', 'Karine An', 'Vincent Bourdil', 'new position', 'new role', 'clients’ needs', 'government stakeholders', 'sustainable portfolio', 'Testing sector', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'customers’ needs', 'performance programs', 'Performance organization', 'world leader', 'certification services', '400,000 clients', 'Neuilly-sur-Seine', 'France', 'April', 'Inspection', 'appointment', 'company', 'operationalization', 'Commodities', 'Industry', 'Facilities', 'Agri-Food', 'Sales', 'Risk', 'TQR', 'Health', 'Safety', 'Security', 'HSE', 'functions', 'demands', 'sustainability', 'experience', 'leadership', 'energy', 'success', 'commitment', 'experts', 'mission', 'purpose', 'Trust', 'Singapore', 'diversified', 'enhanced', 'talents', 'Retail', 'Afghanistan', 'Hungary', '82,000 employees', '1,600 offices', 'laboratories', 'globe', 'order', 'assets', 'products', 'infrastructure', 'processes', 'standards', 'regulations', 'terms', 'BVI.', 'information', 'bureauveritas', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,globenewswire.com
23412,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/20/2650905/0/en/STMicroelectronics-Publishes-2023-Sustainability-Report.html,STMicroelectronics Publishes 2023 Sustainability Report,STMicroelectronics Publishes 2023 Sustainability Report  On track to become carbon neutral by 2027 with global sourcing of electricity from......,STMicroelectronics Publishes 2023 Sustainability ReportOn track to become carbon neutral by 2027 with global sourcing of electricity from renewable energy growing to 62% in 2022  from 51% in 202177% of new products identified as responsible in 2022  from 69% in 2021Geneva  Switzerland  April 20  2023 - STMicroelectronics (NYSE:STM)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  today releases its annual sustainability report detailing 2022 performance  strategy  and ongoing action plans.“We provide our customers with the key enabling products and technologies for decarbonization and a more sustainable society through digitalization and electrification. We are committed to doing so through a secure and responsible supply chain that prioritizes our people and the planet ” said Jean Marc Chery  President and CEO  STMicroelectronics. “Our strong commitment to sustainability is clear from the important progress we are making in all areas and from our ambition to drive further improvement to achieve all our sustainability goals  including our goal to be carbon neutral by 2027.”The identification of ST’s priority sustainability topics is formalized through a regular multistakeholder materiality exercise and the company’s reporting is aligned with Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards for stakeholder inclusiveness  sustainability context  materiality  and completeness.ST’s performance across many areas was recognized again by multiple ESG rankings  indices and international certifications including  among others  Dow Jones Sustainability Index World and Europe  EuroNext VIGEO Europe 120  FTSE4Good  ISS ESG Corporate Rating and MSCI.ST’s 2022 ESG achievements and progress include:Sustainable TechnologyST technologies and products enable its customers to boost sustainability and seize opportunities​ with continued improvement of the Company’s social and environmental footprint at every stage of the product lifecycle (Sustainable technology). In 2022:77% of new products were identified as responsible 1 (responsible sourcing  eco-design  advanced EHS standards of manufacturing  responsible products  and applications) (vs 69% in 2021).(responsible sourcing  eco-design  advanced EHS standards of manufacturing  responsible products  and applications) (vs 69% in 2021). 23% of total revenue derived from responsible products (vs 20% in 2021).Sustainable WayST is on track to become carbon neutral by 2027 (Energy and climate change) and  while continuing to expand manufacturing capacity  actively worked in 2022 to further reduce its environmental footprint  including the following achievements:A 40% decrease in GHG emissions for scopes 1 and 2 since 2018 in absolute terms (vs a 34% decrease in 2021).An increased sourcing of electricity coming from renewable sources to 62% (from 51% in 2021).The reuse  recovery  or recycling of 95% of the Company’s waste (vs 90% in 2021)  reaching the 2025 target ahead of time.ST also continued to put people first  with actions and training to support a more diverse and inclusive culture  along with continued progress on health and safety  and talent attraction and engagement  including the following achievements:Sustainability performance is now part of the incentive program for over 21 000 employees.Over 19 000 employees trained in 2022 on the new leadership model designed to support the transformation journey of the company.86% of employees recommend ST as a great place to work (+3 points vs 2021) (Talent attraction and engagement).A further decrease in the recordable case rate for employees (work-related injuries per 100 employees per year) to 0.10 (from 0.12 in 2021)  a best-in-class performance.Reached the target of hiring 30% women for exempt positions for the second year in a row.Sustainable CompanyInnovation is the driving force that fuels ST’s growth and helps achieve the Company’s business objectives. ST has a collaborative approach for profitable growth  working across ecosystems and communities and with academic  private  and public partners  to create market-leading products and solutions that enable the Company’s customers to tackle tomorrow’s challenges and fuel their future growth:12% of net revenues (US$1.9 billion) invested in R&D to support innovation.Involved in 186 active R&D partnerships worldwide.More than 450 STEM2 events and initiatives reaching over 100 000 students and teachers (Community and education).The 26th annual report contains highlights and details of ST’s sustainability performance in 2022 and presents the Company’s ambitions and longer-term goals in alignment with both the United Nations Global Compact3 Ten Principles and Sustainable Development Goals and the Science Based Targets initiative4 (SBTi). It is aligned with Global Reporting Standards (GRI)  Sustainability Accounting Standards Boards (SASB)  and Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). A third party has verified this report.More information on ST's sustainability efforts can be found at https://www.st.com/content/st_com/en/about/sustainability.htmlAbout STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are more than 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and connectivity. ST is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: +33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.com1 Responsible products are products that provide environmental and social benefits.2 Science  Technology  Engineering  and Mathematics3 The United Nations Global Compact asks companies to embrace  support and enact  within their sphere of influence  a set of core values in the areas of human rights  labor standards  the environment and anti-corruption. More information on the UN Global Compact is available at: http://www.unglobalcompact.org/aboutthegc/thetenprinciples/index.html4 The Science Based Targets initiative mobilizes companies to set science-based targets and boost their competitive advantage in the transition to the low-carbon economy. It is a collaboration between CDP  the United Nations Global Compact  World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) and one of the We Mean Business Coalition commitments.Attachments,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.72,0.22,0.06,True,English,"['2023 Sustainability Report', 'STMicroelectronics', 'United Nations Global Compact3 Ten Principles', 'Dow Jones Sustainability Index World', 'Science Based Targets initiative4', 'regular multistakeholder materiality exercise', '186 active R&D partnerships', 'Sustainability Accounting Standards Boards', 'global semiconductor leader', 'ongoing action plans', 'Jean Marc Chery', 'advanced EHS standards', 'recordable case rate', 'Climate-Related Financial Disclosures', 'Global Reporting Initiative', 'Global Reporting Standards', 'multiple ESG rankings', 'ESG Corporate Rating', 'priority sustainability topics', 'new leadership model', '26th annual report', 'responsible supply chain', 'key enabling products', 'EuroNext VIGEO Europe', 'annual sustainability report', 'Sustainable Development Goals', 'global sourcing', 'sustainability goals', '2022 ESG achievements', '2023 Sustainability Report', 'GRI) Standards', 'new products', 'longer-term goals', 'sustainability effort', 'sustainable society', 'Sustainable Technology', 'responsible products', 'Sustainable Way', 'strong commitment', 'stakeholder inclusiveness', 'international certifications', 'environmental footprint', 'product lifecycle', 'total revenue', 'climate change', 'following achievements', 'GHG emissions', 'absolute terms', 'renewable sources', 'inclusive culture', 'talent attraction', 'incentive program', 'transformation journey', 'great place', 'work-related injuries', 'exempt positions', 'driving force', 'business objectives', 'collaborative approach', 'academic, private', 'public partners', 'market-leading products', 'net revenues', '450 STEM2 events', 'Task Force', 'third party', 'responsible sourcing', 'Sustainability performance', 'important progress', 'continued progress', 'profitable growth', 'future growth', 'renewable energy', 'many areas', 'continued improvement', 'second year', 'More information', 'electronics applications', 'manufacturing capacity', 'Sustainable Company', 'ST technologies', '2022 performance', 'STMicroelectronics', 'track', 'electricity', 'Geneva', 'Switzerland', 'April', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'strategy', 'decarbonization', 'digitalization', 'electrification', 'secure', 'people', 'planet', 'President', 'CEO', 'ambition', 'identification', 'context', 'completeness', 'indices', 'others', 'FTSE4Good', 'MSCI', 'opportunities', 'social', 'stage', 'eco-design', '40% decrease', 'scopes', '34% decrease', 'reuse', 'recovery', 'recycling', 'waste', '2025 target', 'time', 'actions', 'training', 'diverse', 'health', 'safety', 'engagement', '21,000 employees', '19,000 employees', '3 points', '100 employees', 'class', '30% women', 'Innovation', 'ecosystems', 'communities', 'solutions', 'tomorrow', 'challenges', 'initiatives', '100,000 students', 'teachers', 'Community', 'education', 'highlights', 'details', 'alignment', 'SBTi', 'SASB', 'TCFD']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,globenewswire.com
23413,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/20/2650706/0/en/Eviden-reinforces-its-end-to-end-cloud-offering-with-3-new-Cloud-Centers.html,Eviden reinforces its end-to-end cloud offering with 3 new Cloud Centers,Press Release  Eviden reinforces its end-to-end cloud offering with 3 new Cloud Centers   Paris  France – April 20  2023 – Eviden  the Atos business......,English FrenchPress ReleaseEviden reinforces its end-to-end cloud offering with 3 new Cloud CentersParis  France – April 20  2023 – Eviden  the Atos business leading in digital  cloud  big data and security  today announces the opening of three cloud centers - in India (Bangalore and Pune) and Poland (Bydgoszcz) - to support customers worldwide at every stage of their cloud journey  from cloud migration and continuous optimization to accelerating innovation  all protected under the umbrella of cybersecurity. Each cloud center is dedicated to a specific workstream (Migration  CloudOps or Engineering)  supporting Eviden’s cloud approach to end-to-end cloud services at scale.Cloud Migration Center - delivered from Pune  this best-in-class center  aligned with hyperscaler best practices  delivers migration and modernization services  leveraging IP  assets  resources and best practices.delivered from Pune  this best-in-class center  aligned with hyperscaler best practices  delivers migration and modernization services  leveraging IP  assets  resources and best practices. Cloud Engineering Center - delivered from Bydgoszcz  engineering cloud automation at scale  this center is an inclusive platform enabling customers to design  collaborate and create accelerated  innovative solutions and applications to solve complex challenges. Customers can leverage repetitive and automated patterns to automate the provision of cloud resources so that they may more rapidly map and match workloads to resource available and deploy new projects.delivered from Bydgoszcz  engineering cloud automation at scale  this center is an inclusive platform enabling customers to design  collaborate and create accelerated  innovative solutions and applications to solve complex challenges. Customers can leverage repetitive and automated patterns to automate the provision of cloud resources so that they may more rapidly map and match workloads to resource available and deploy new projects. Cloud Operations Center - delivered from Bangalore  this center delivers native CloudOps services  and IaaS and PaaS1 managed services  all based on global standards. This is in addition to FinOps and GreenOps to ensure continuous optimization and efficient use of the cloud  both in terms of reducing carbon footprint and optimising costs.All three cloud centers deliver a range of services to global public and private players  including native public cloud  which is aligned to hyperscalers’ and partner technologies in terms of infrastructure  applications and data  as well as edge to cloud. They address key business segments  Financial Services & Insurance  Healthcare & Life Sciences  Manufacturing  Public sector & Defense  Resources & Services  and Telecom  Media & Entertainment.Philippe Oliva  CEO  Eviden business and Group Co-CEO  Atos Group said “We are proud to provide our customers with state-of-the-art competence centers that embrace the whole spectrum of cloud services. Supported by our highly skilled teams  Eviden’s new offshore and nearshore competence centers address our customers’ challenges  whether they operate on the public  hybrid or private cloud”.Tomasz Schmidt  Head of R&D at Mzuri said “At Mzuri we strive to deliver state-of-the-art seeding technology to meet basic human needs - the production of high-quality food and plant raw materials with the simultaneous care for the natural environment. It’s clear to us that digital technologies are instrumental to reach our goals – the Eviden team understand that very well. Their cloud experts not only offered a tailored IT platform but are also helping us improve our decarbonization strategy – thanks to EcoAct  an Eviden business.”Eviden helps customers achieve the promise of cloud through accelerated advisory  adoption  and continuous improvement. It designs with greener and more secure architectures and delivers through an agile and inclusive culture to enable innovative outcomes.***About Eviden2Eviden designs the scope composed of Atos’ digital  cloud  big data and security business lines. It will be a global leader in data-driven  trusted and sustainable digital transformation. As a next generation digital business with worldwide leading positions in digital  cloud  data  advanced computing and security  it brings deep expertise for all industries in more than 53 countries. By uniting unique high-end technologies across the full digital continuum with 57 000 world-class talents  Eviden expands the possibilities of technologies for enterprises and public authorities  helping them to build their digital future. Eviden is an Atos Group business with an annual revenue of c. € 5 billion.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 111 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea)  and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press contactLaura Fau – laura.fau@atos.net – +33 (0) 6 73 64 04 181 IaaS : Infrastructure as a Service – PaaS : Platform as a Service2Eviden business is operated through the following brands: Alia Consulting  AppCentrica  ATHEA  Atos Syntel  Bull  Cloudamize  Cloudreach  Cryptovision  DataSentics  digital.security  Eagle Creek  EcoAct  Edifixio  Energy4U  Engage ESM  Forensik  IDEAL GRP  IDnomic  In Fidem  Ipsotek  Maven Wave  Miner & Kasch  Motiv  Nimbix  Processia  Profit4SF  science+computing  SEC Consult  Visual BI  Worldgrid  X-Perion  zDataEviden is a registered trademark. © Eviden SAS  2023.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.72,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['end cloud offering', '3 new Cloud Centers', 'Eviden', 'next generation digital business', 'basic human needs', 'plant raw materials', 'worldwide leading positions', 'key business segments', 'full digital continuum', 'accelerated, innovative solutions', 'nearshore competence centers', 'PaaS1 managed services', 'hyperscaler best practices', 'unique high-end technologies', 'three cloud centers', 'sustainable digital transformation', 'end cloud offering', 'security business lines', 'tailored IT platform', 'native public cloud', '3 new Cloud Centers', 'Cloud Operations Center', 'native CloudOps services', 'end cloud services', 'engineering cloud automation', 'Atos Group business', 'Cloud Engineering Center', 'Cloud Migration Center', 'end solutions', 'innovative outcomes', 'digital technologies', 'digital future', 'decarbonized digital', 'inclusive platform', 'Atos business', 'new projects', 'new offshore', 'global public', 'Public sector', 'public, hybrid', 'public authorities', 'cloud journey', 'cloud approach', 'private cloud', 'cloud experts', 'modernization services', 'Financial Services', 'decarbonization services', 'English French', 'Press Release', 'continuous optimization', 'specific workstream', 'class center', 'complex challenges', 'automated patterns', 'global standards', 'efficient use', 'carbon footprint', 'private players', 'partner technologies', 'Life Sciences', 'Philippe Oliva', 'Group Co', 'skilled teams', 'Tomasz Schmidt', 'R&D', 'seeding technology', 'high-quality food', 'simultaneous care', 'natural environment', 'decarbonization strategy', 'continuous improvement', 'inclusive culture', 'global leader', 'data-driven, trusted', 'advanced computing', 'deep expertise', '57,000 world-class talents', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'high-performance computing', 'Eviden business', 'cloud resources', 'big data', 'secure architectures', 'Eviden team', 'customers’ challenges', 'Paris', 'France', 'April', 'opening', 'India', 'Bangalore', 'Pune', 'Poland', 'Bydgoszcz', 'stage', 'innovation', 'umbrella', 'cybersecurity', 'assets', 'applications', 'repetitive', 'provision', 'workloads', 'IaaS', 'addition', 'FinOps', 'GreenOps', 'terms', 'costs', 'range', 'infrastructure', 'edge', 'Insurance', 'Healthcare', 'Manufacturing', 'Defense', 'Telecom', 'Media', 'Entertainment', 'CEO', 'state', 'spectrum', 'Head', 'Mzuri', 'production', 'goals', 'EcoAct', 'promise', 'advisory', 'adoption', 'greener', 'agile', 'Eviden2', 'scope', 'industries', '53 countries', 'possibilities', 'enterprises', '111,000 employees', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,globenewswire.com
23414,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/20/2651330/0/en/GTT-Q1-2023-revenues-80-million-up-17-2-good-order-momentum-continues.html,GTT : Q1 2023 revenues: €80 million  up 17.2%; good order momentum continues,Q1 2023 revenues: €80 million  up 17.2%; good order momentum continues          High level of orders: 25 LNG carriers and 1 FLNGRevenues of €80 million ...,English FrenchQ1 2023 revenues: €80 million  up 17.2%;good order momentum continuesHigh level of orders: 25 LNG carriers and 1 FLNGRevenues of € 80 million   in line with expectationsConfirmation of 2023 targets1st in INPI ranking of ETIs1 in terms of number of patents filedParis – April 20  2023. GTT  the technological expert in membrane containment systems used to transport and store liquefied gases  today announces its revenues for the first quarter of the 2023 financial year.Commenting on the results  Philippe Berterottière  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of GTT  said: “With 25 orders for LNG carriers and one floating liquefied natural gas unit order booked in the first quarter of 2023  commercial performance in our core business remains strong in the wake of an exceptional 2022. Demand for LNG remains particularly strong  as evidenced by the two final investment decisions for new liquefaction plants made in the first quarter  which will generate additional needs for LNG carrier over the coming years.GTT is pursuing its constant R&D and innovation efforts with the ambition of being a major technological player in the decarbonisation of maritime transport. As such  we obtained several new approvals during the first quarter  notably in the field of alternative fuels.Regarding our CSR strategy  GTT joined the United Nations Global Compact at the beginning of March  thereby demonstrating our commitment to a sustainable and responsible economy.From a financial standpoint  revenues for the first quarter of 2023 show a strong increase of 17.2% compared to the first quarter of 2022. Activity will pick up notably in the second half of 2023  benefitting of the growing number of ships under construction. In this context  the Group confirms its 2023 targets”.Group business activity in Q1 2023- Continued momentum in LNG carrier ordersFollowing a record year in 2022 in terms of orders  GTT booked 25 orders for LNG carriers in the first quarter of 2023. Their delivery is scheduled between the first quarter of 2026 and the fourth quarter of 2027.GTT also received an order for an FLNG unit  which will be delivered in the first quarter of 2027.- Digital: signing of new contracts and launch of a new brandOn January 16  2023  Ascenz was selected by a major Mexican ship-owner to equip a tanker with its Electronic Fuel Monitoring System (EFMS).In March 2023  Marorka signed a key contract with a major European maritime transport company to install automatic data collection systems and intelligent software to manage and optimise energy and environmental performance on 30 container ships in 2023  with an option for a further 30 in 2024. In addition  GTT has been chosen by two major European LNG ship-owners to equip three vessels with its predictive maintenance solution  the “Sloshing Virtual Sensor”.Finally  GTT announced the creation of a new brand  Ascenz Marorka2  with the mission of providing ship-owners and charterers with the most advanced  innovative and reliable solutions.- Further development of ElogenIn February 2023  Elogen signed a flagship contract with Crosswind  a joint venture between Shell and Eneco  as part of an offshore wind farm project for the design and manufacture of a 2.5 MW electrolyser3.In addition  Elogen is continuing its R&D work with the aim of improving the competitiveness and energy efficiency of its solutions.- Innovation: Development of new technologies – GTT once again the leader in number of patents filedFor the fourth year in a row  GTT came first in the INPI ranking of ETIs in terms of number of patents filed in 2022. This ranking underlines GTT’s strong innovation dynamic.Early in the first quarter of 2023  GTT announced that it had received approval in principle from Lloyd’s Register for a maintenance optimisation solution for LNG membrane tanks  allowing ship-owners and charterers to enhance operational flexibility and achieve substantial savings.The Group also obtained a €4.66 million subsidy from Bpifrance for the design of an onboard CO 2 capture system for vessels and the development of intelligent operational performance solutions by OSE Engineering4 (GTT Group) as part of the MerVent project.Finally  OSE Engineering announced its participation in the HyMot5 project  supported by ADEME as part of the Programme d’investissements d’avenir (PIA)  which aims to intensify research on the development of a hydrogen engine for lightweight utility vehicles.More recently  GTT received 4 approvals in principle from the Japanese classification society ClassNK for its latest alternative fuel development projects  namely:a 12 500 m 3 dual-fuel VLCC 6   equipped with the GTT Mark III Flex system;dual-fuel VLCC   equipped with the GTT Mark III Flex system; an LNG tank rated “NH 3 Ready” 7   which includes NH 3 -compatible materials  risk assessment and gas boil-off rate management;Ready”   which includes NH -compatible materials  risk assessment and gas boil-off rate management; an 8 000 CEU 8 dual-fuel PCTC 9 rated “NH 3 Ready”;dual-fuel PCTC rated “NH Ready”; the RecycoolTM system  applied to LNG-powered vessels  which reliquefies excess boil-off gas to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and improve economic performance.- CSR strategyOn March 13  2023  GTT announced that it had joined the United Nations Global Compact  thereby committing itself to promoting the “Ten Principles” on human rights  labour standards  the environment and anti-corruption  and to implementing the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)10 in its environmental  social and governance policy.Order book at March 31  2023On January 1  2023  GTT’s order book excluding LNG as fuel comprised 274 units. It has since changed as follows:Deliveries completed: 8 LNG carriers  2 ethane carriers  1 FSU;Orders received: 25 LNG carriers  1 FLNGAt March 31  2023  the order book excluding LNG as fuel stood at 289 units  breaking down as follows:273 LNG carriers;2 ethane carriers;1 FSRU;1 FSU;1 FLNG;11 onshore storage tanks.Regarding LNG as fuel  with the delivery of one vessel  there were 69 vessels in the order book at March 31  2023.Evolution of consolidated revenues in Q1 2023(in thousands of euros) Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Change Revenues 68 184 79 891 +17.2% Newbuilds 61 749 73 463 +19.0% LNG carriers/ethane carriers 53 840 66 248 23.0% FSUs11 3 602 1 239 -65.6% FSRUs12 - - - FLNGs13 726 - - Onshore storage tanks 747 1 079 +44.4% GBSs14 2 082 - - LNG-powered vessels 753 4 897 +550.3% Electrolysers 886 1 495 +68.7% Services 5 549 4 933 -11.1%Consolidated revenues for the first quarter of 2023 amounted to €79.9 million  up 17.2% compared to the first quarter of 2022.Newbuild revenues amounted to €73.5 million  up 19.0% compared to the first quarter of 2022. Royalties from LNG and ethane carriers amounted to €66.2 million  up 23.0%. It should be noted that the number of LNG carriers under construction will increase significantly from the second quarter of 2023  thus generating additional revenue notably in the second half of 2023. Royalties from FSUs amounted to €1.2 million  down 65.6%  the first FSU having been delivered during the quarter  and those from onshore tanks to €1.1 million (+44.4%). Royalties generated by the LNG as fuel business (€4.9 million) are starting to benefit from the large number of orders received in 2021 and 2022.Elogen’s electrolyser revenues amounted to €1.5 million in the first quarter of 2023  compared to €0.9 million in the first quarter of 2022. The Group anticipates an acceleration during the year.Revenues from services decreased by -11.1% to €4.9 million in the first quarter of 2023  due to the decrease in pre-project studies  for which demand is fluctuating in nature  and revenues generated by assistance services for vessels in operation.KFTCThe Group recalls that by its decision of April 13  2023  the Supreme Court of Korea rejected the appeal filed by GTT in December 2022 against the decision of the Seoul High Court  confirming the Company's obligation to separate  in all or part of it  the technical assistance from the technology license agreement if requested by the Korean shipyards.The Company considers that technical assistance and engineering services are essential to the safety and performance of its solutions.2023 outlook confirmedThe Group estimates that activity will pick up notably in the second half of 2023  benefiting from the growing number of ships under construction.In this context and in the absence of any significant order delays or cancellations  GTT confirms its targets for the 2023 financial year  namely:2023 consolidated revenues of between 385 million euros and 430 million euros 2023 consolidated EBITDA of between 190 million euros and 235 million euros the distribution of a dividend for the 2023 financial year corresponding to a minimum payout ratio of 80% of consolidated net income15.***Q1 2023 activity update presentationPhilippe Berterottière  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  and Virginie Aubagnac  Chief Financial Officer  will comment on GTT’s first quarter 2023 activity and answer questions from the financial community during a conference call in English on Thursday April 20  2023  at 6:15 p.m. (Paris time).This conference will be broadcast live on GTT’s website (www.gtt.fr/finance).To participate in the conference call  please dial one of the following numbers five to ten minutes before the start of the conference:France: +33 1 70 91 87 04UK: +44 1 212 818 004USA: +1 718 705 87 96Confirmation code: 140215The presentation document will be available on the website on April 20  2023  at 5:45 p.m.Financial agendaShareholders’ Meeting: June 7  2023Payment of the balance of the dividend for the 2022 financial year: June 14  2023Publication of the 2023 half-year results: July 27  2023 (after close of trading)2023 third-quarter results: October 25  2023 (after close of trading)About GTTGTT is a technological expert in containment systems with cryogenic membranes used to transport and store liquefied gases. For over 50 years  GTT has been designing and providing cutting-edge technologies for a better energy performance  which combine operational efficiency and safety  to equip LNG carriers  floating terminals  land storage  and multi-gas carriers. GTT also develops systems dedicated to the use of LNG as fuel  as well as a full range of services  including digital services in the field of Smart Shipping. The Group is also active in hydrogen through its subsidiary Elogen  which designs and assembles electrolysers notably for the production of green hydrogen.GTT is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment A (ISIN FR0011726835 Euronext Paris: GTT) and is notably included in SBF 120  Stoxx Europe 600 and MSCI Small Cap indicesInvestor relations contact:information-financiere@gtt.fr / +33 1 30 23 20 87Media contact:press@gtt.fr / +33 1 30 23 48 45For more information  visit www.gtt.fr.Important noticeThe figures presented here are those customarily used and communicated to the markets by GTT. This message includes forward-looking information and statements. Such statements include financial projections and estimates  the assumptions on which they are based  as well as statements about projects  objectives and expectations regarding future operations  profits  or services  or future performance. Although GTT management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors and GTT shareholders should be aware that such forward-looking information and statements are subject to many risks and uncertainties that are generally difficult to predict and beyond the control of GTT  and may cause results and developments to differ significantly from those expressed  implied or predicted in the forward-looking statements or information. Such risks include those explained or identified in the public documents filed by GTT with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF – Autorité des Marchés Financiers)  including those listed in the “Risk Factors” section of the GTT Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 25  2022  and the half-year financial report released on July 28  2022. Investors and GTT shareholders should note that if some or all of these risks are realised they may have a significant unfavourable impact on GTT.1 Entreprises de Taille Intermédiaire: medium sized companies.2 See the GTT press release of 03/20/2023.3 See the Elogen press release of 02/07/2023.4 More information on site: : https://www.ose-engineering.fr/5 See the GTT press release of 02/14/2023.6 VLCC: Very large crude carrier.7 NH 3 Ready: compatible with ammonia.8 CEU: Car equivalent unit – measure of a PCTC’s freight capacity.9 PCTC: Pure car and truck carrier.10 More information on the 17 SDGs: https://pactemondial.org/17-objectifs-developpement-durable/11 Floating storage units.12 Floating storage regasification units.13 Floating liquefied natural gas units.14 Gravity based structures: underwater tanks.15 Subject to approval by the Shareholders’ Meeting and the amount of distributable net income in the GTT S.A. corporate financial statements.Attachment,positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['good order momentum', 'Q1 2023 revenues', 'GTT', 'one floating liquefied natural gas unit order', 'GTT Mark III Flex system', 'major European maritime transport company', 'latest alternative fuel development projects', 'two major European LNG ship-owners', 'Electronic Fuel Monitoring System', 'gas boil-off rate management', 'two final investment decisions', 'onboard CO 2 capture system', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'Japanese classification society ClassNK', 'automatic data collection systems', 'offshore wind farm project', 'intelligent operational performance solutions', 'major Mexican ship-owner', 'membrane containment systems', 'major technological player', 'good order momentum', 'Philippe Berterottière', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'constant R&D', 'predictive maintenance solution', 'Sloshing Virtual Sensor', 'R&D work', 'maintenance optimisation solution', 'lightweight utility vehicles', 'NH 3 -compatible materials', 'NH -compatible materials', '8,000 CEU 8 dual-fuel PCTC', 'dual-fuel PCTC ra', 'LNG membrane tanks', 'new liquefaction plants', '12,500 m 3 dual-fuel VLCC', 'strong innovation dynamic', 'several new approvals', 'Group business activity', 'LNG carrier orders', 'FLNG unit', 'alternative fuels', 'intelligent software', 'operational flexibility', 'commercial performance', 'environmental performance', 'MerVent project', 'HyMot5 project', 'technological expert', 'core business', 'strong increase', 'Continued momentum', '25 LNG carriers', 'LNG tank', 'new contracts', 'new brand', 'reliable solutions', 'new technologies', 'English French', 'High level', 'first quarter', '2023 financial year', 'additional needs', 'coming years', 'innovation efforts', 'CSR strategy', 'responsible economy', 'financial standpoint', 'second half', 'record year', 'fourth quarter', 'key contract', 'advanced, innovative', 'Further development', 'flagship contract', 'joint venture', '2.5 MW electrolyser', 'fourth year', 'substantial savings', 'The Group', '€4.66 million subsidy', 'OSE Engineering4', 'hydrogen engine', 'risk assessment', 'INPI ranking', 'GTT Group', '30 container ships', 'three vessels', 'energy efficiency', 'growing number', 'Ascenz Marorka', 'Q1 2023 revenues', '4 approvals', '1 FLNG', '25 orders', 'line', 'expectations', 'Confirmation', '2023 targets', 'ETIs1', 'terms', 'patents', 'Paris', 'April', 'gases', 'results', 'Chairman', 'wake', 'exceptional 2022', 'ambition', 'decarbonisation', 'field', 'beginning', 'March', 'commitment', 'sustainable', 'construction', 'context', 'delivery', 'signing', 'launch', 'January', 'tanker', 'EFMS', 'option', 'creation', 'mission', 'charterers', 'Elogen', 'February', 'Crosswind', 'Shell', 'Eneco', 'part', 'design', 'manufacture', 'aim', 'competitiveness', 'leader', 'principle', 'Lloyd', 'Register', 'Bpifrance', 'ADEME', 'Programme', 'investissements', 'avenir', 'PIA', 'research', '17.']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,globenewswire.com
23415,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NB-AURORA-S-A-SICAF-RAIF-111326676/news/NB-Aurora-S-A-SICAF-RAIF-Inside-Information-Ad-Hoc-Information-NB-Aurora-Corporate-Calender-43594977/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,NB Aurora S A SICAF RAIF : Inside Information / Ad Hoc Information NB Aurora Corporate Calender,(marketscreener.com)   NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR THE UNITED STATES   This announcement is not for publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into the…,"In any EEA Member State  this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Member State within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation. The expression ""Prospectus Regulation"" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and includes any relevant implementing measure in the relevant Member State. This announcement is related to the disclosure of information that qualified or may have qualified as inside information within the meaning of Article 7 para. 1 of the Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 on market abuse.The investment or investment activity related to the Company is available only to persons falling within the category of professional investors under the MIFID (the ""Exempted Persons"") and will be engaged in only with the Exempted Persons. Investors should not subscribe for any securities referred to in this document except on the basis of information contained in the prospectus.This announcement is not for publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States of America. This announcement is not an offer of securities for sale into the United States. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States  except pursuant to an applicable exemption from registration. No public offering of securities is being made in the United States.NB Aurora S.A. SICAF-RAIF is reserved alternative investment fund (RAIF) in the form of an investment company with fixed capital (société d'investissement à capital fixe capital SICAF) as per the Luxembourg law of 26 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds. The information in this document does not constitute investment advice or an investment recommendation and is only a brief summary of certain key aspects of the fund.Neuberger Berman AIFM SARL is authorised and regulated as an alternative investment fund manager by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (CSSF) and is registered in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg  at 9  rue du Laboratoire  L-1911 Luxembourg.NB Aurora è il primo veicolo di permanent capital quotato in Italia sul segmento Euronext MIV Milan che nasce con l'obiettivo di investire in PMI non quotate  convogliando risorse finanziarie a supporto della loro crescita ed internazionalizzazione  contribuendo così a sostenere l'economia reale del Paese. NB Aurora è promosso da Neuberger Berman  società di investimento privata  indipendente e controllata dai propri dipendenti  con circa $427 miliardi al 31 dicembre 2022. Il target di investimento di NB Aurora è rappresentato da PMI di eccellenza  leader in nicchie di mercato ad alto potenziale di crescita  con fatturato compreso tra 30 e 300 milioni di euro e una forte propensione all'export. Il team di NB Aurora opera con un approccio di active minority  in un'ottica di partnership con gli imprenditori con un orizzonte temporale di medio-lungo termine. Dopo la prima operazione che ha portato NB Aurora ad acquisire il 44 55% delle quote di Fondo Italiano d'Investimento (17 partecipazioni iniziali delle quali attualmente mantiene ancora l'investimento in Ligabue  DBA Group  Amut Group e Zeis Excelsa)  il fondo ha investito in 11 aziende: Club del Sole (leader nel settore camping-village in Italia)  Dierre Group (leader in Italia nella produzione di componenti tech per l'automazione industriale)  PHSE (leader italiano nel trasporto a temperatura controllata di farmaci e campioni biologici)  BluVet (rete di cliniche veterinarie)  Rino Mastrotto Group (leader mondiale nella produzione e commercializzazione delle pelli per i settori fashion  automotive e dell'arredamento)  Engineering (leader in Italia nella trasformazione digitale di aziende  organizzazioni pubbliche e private)  Veneta Cucine (leader nella progettazione  produzione e realizzazione di mobili per cucina  living e complementi d'arredo)  Comet (leader in Italia nello sviluppo e produzione di mescole in gomma naturale e sintetica)  Farmo (produttore di alimenti gluten free e better for you)  Exacer (attiva nel business delle specialty chemicals tramite lo sviluppo e produzione di supporti per catalizzatori) e PromoPharma (specializzata nella produzione e commercializzazione di integratori alimentari  alimenti dietetici e dispositivi medici innovati).An investment in the fund involves risks  with the potential for above average risk  and is only suitable for people who are in a position to take such risks. For more information please read the prospectus and principal fund documents.In relation to each member state of the EEA (each a ""Member State"")  this document may only be distributed and shares may only be offered or placed in a Member State to the extent that: (1) the fund is permitted to be marketed to professional investors in the relevant Member State in accordance with AIFMD (as implemented into the local lawithregulation of the relevant Member State); or (2) this document may otherwise be lawfully distributed and the shares may otherwise be lawfully offered or placed in that Member State (including at the initiative of the investor). In relation to each Member State of the EEA which  at the date of this document  has not implemented AIFMD  this document may only be distributed and shares may only be offered or placed to the extent that this document may be lawfully distributed and the shares may lawfully be offered or placed in that Member State (including at the initiative of the investor).Germany: Shares of the fund may in particular not be distributed or marketed in any way to German retail or semi-professional investors if the fund is not admitted for distribution to these investor categories by the Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht).United Kingdom: This document is directed only at persons who are professional clients or eligible counterparties for the purposes of the FCA's Conduct of Business Sourcebook. The opportunity to invest in the Fund is only available to such persons in the United Kingdom and this document must not be relied or acted upon by any other persons in the United Kingdom.Switzerland: The distribution of this fund in Switzerland will be exclusively made to  and directed at  qualified investors (""Qualified Investors"")  as defined in the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act of 23 June 2006  as amended (""CISA"") and its implementing ordinance  the Collective Investment Schemes Ordinance of 22 November 2006  as amended (""CISO""). Accordingly  the fund has not been and will not be registered with the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (""FINMA""). This document and/or any other offering materials relating to the fund may be made available in Switzerland solely to Qualified Investors. The fund is domiciled in Luxembourg. The Swiss representative is FIRST INDEPENDENT FUND SERVICES LTD  Klausstrasse 33  CH - 8008 Zurich and the Swiss paying agent is Neue Helvetische Bank AG  Seefeldstrasse 215  CH-8008 Zurich. The principal fund documents may be obtained free of charge at the registered office of the Swiss representative. In respect to the shares in the fund distributed to Qualified Investors in Switzerland  the place of performance and the place of jurisdiction is at the Swiss representative's registered office.This document is presented solely for information purposes and nothing herein constitutes investment  legal  accounting or tax advice  or a recommendation to buy  sell or hold a security.We do not represent that this information  including any third party information  is accurate or complete and it should not be relied upon as such.No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment or strategy is suitable for a particular investor. Each recipient of this document should make such investigations as it deems necessary to arrive at an independent evaluation of any investment  and should consult its own legal counsel and financial  actuarial  accounting  regulatory and tax advisers to evaluate any such investment.It should not be assumed that any investments in securities  companies  sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole.All information is current as of the date of this material and is subject to change without notice.The fund described in this document may only be offered for sale or sold in jurisdictions in which or to persons to which such an offer or sale is permitted. The fund can only be promoted if such promotion is made in compliance with the applicable jurisdictional rules and regulations. This document and the information contained therein may not be distributed in the US. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of current or future results. The value of investments may go down as well as up and investors may not get back any of the amount invested. The performance data does not take account of the commissions and costs incurred on the issue and redemption of units.The value of investments designated in another currency may rise and fall due to exchange rate fluctuations in respect of the relevant currencies. Adverse movements in currency exchange rates can result in a decrease in return and a loss of capital.No part of this document may be reproduced in any manner without prior written permission of Neuberger Berman Europe Limited. The ""Neuberger Berman"" name and logo are registered service marks of Neuberger Berman Group LLC.© 2018 Neuberger Berman Group LLC. All rights reserved.3",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.05,0.94,True,English,"['Ad Hoc Information NB Aurora Corporate Calender', 'NB Aurora S A SICAF RAIF', 'Inside Information', 'NB Aurora S.A. SICAF-RAIF', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'Neuberger Berman AIFM SARL', 'alternative investment fund manager', 'relevant implementing measure', '9, rue du Laboratoire', 'Euronext MIV Milan', 'Club del Sole', 'alternative investment funds', 'Rino Mastrotto Group', 'principal fund documents', 'relevant Member State', 'capital fixe capital', 'EEA Member State', 'fixed capital', 'permanent capital', 'DBA Group', 'Amut Group', 'Dierre Group', 'investment activity', 'investment advice', 'investment recommendation', 'Article 7 para', 'market abuse', 'United States', 'applicable exemption', 'public offering', 'société', 'brief summary', 'key aspects', 'Commission de', 'Secteur Financier', 'Grand Duchy', 'primo veicolo', 'risorse finanziarie', 'alto potenziale', 'forte propensione', 'active minority', 'medio-lungo termine', 'prima operazione', 'Zeis Excelsa', 'automazione industriale', 'temperatura controllata', 'campioni biologici', 'cliniche veterinarie', 'Veneta Cucine', 'gomma naturale', 'specialty chemicals', 'integratori alimentari', 'dispositivi medici', 'average risk', 'local law/regulation', 'qualified investors', 'professional investors', 'investment company', 'Exempted Persons', 'EU) No.', 'alimenti dietetici', 'Luxembourg law', 'leader italiano', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'communication', 'meaning', 'expression', 'announcement', 'disclosure', 'information', 'inside', 'category', 'MIFID', 'basis', 'publication', 'distribution', 'America', 'sale', 'registration', 'investissement', '26 July', 'Surveillance', 'CSSF', 'segmento', 'obiettivo', 'PMI', 'supporto', 'crescita', 'internazionalizzazione', 'economia', 'Paese', 'società', 'investimento', 'dipendenti', '31 dicembre', 'target', 'nicchie', 'mercato', 'fatturato', '300 milioni', 'export', 'team', 'approccio', 'ottica', 'partnership', 'imprenditori', 'temporale', 'quote', 'Ligabue', 'fondo', '11 aziende', 'settore', 'camping-village', 'produzione', 'componenti', 'PHSE', 'trasporto', 'farmaci', 'BluVet', 'rete', 'commercializzazione', 'pelli', 'settori', 'fashion', 'automotive', 'arredamento', 'Engineering', 'trasformazione', 'digitale', 'organizzazioni', 'pubbliche', 'private', 'progettazione', 'realizzazione', 'mobili', 'cucina', 'living', 'complementi', 'arredo', 'Comet', 'sviluppo', 'mescole', 'sintetica', 'Farmo', 'produttore', 'Exacer', 'business', 'supporti', 'catalizzatori', 'PromoPharma', 'risks', 'potential', 'people', 'position', 'relation', 'shares', 'extent', 'accordance', 'AIFMD']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23416,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/20/2650642/0/en/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Biocartis-Reports-Results-of-First-Quarter-of-2023.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Biocartis Reports Results of First Quarter of 2023,PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION20 April 2023  07:00 CEST  Biocartis Reports Results of First Quarter of 2023:16% Growth of Oncology Cartridge......,"English DutchPRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION20 April 2023  07:00 CESTBiocartis Reports Results of First Quarter of 2023:16% Growth of Oncology Cartridge RevenuesGross Margin on Products of 37% and EBITDA of EUR -8.4mMechelen  Belgium  20 April 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ""Company"" or ""Biocartis"")  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  today provides a business update for the first quarter of 2023 and the outlook for the full year 2023.Commenting on the Q1 2023 results  Herman Verrelst  Chief Executive Officer of Biocartis  said: “The start of 2023 was broadly in line with our expectations  with 16% growth of cartridge revenues in our core oncology business and a 35% gross margin. While we still expect to grow such product related revenues by 25-30% for the entire year  we saw Q1 2023 revenues were affected by the impact of the price increases we implemented end of 2022 that led customers to place anticipative orders  particularly so in the US. Furthermore  the macroeconomic environment continued to slow down investments in the development and the commercialization of certain partner products  affecting both cartridge as well as instrument sales. Despite these effects  which we believe to be temporary and short-term  we again took critical steps in securing future growth that will be driven by continued menu - and geographical expansion. Our Idylla™ MSI Test received 510(k) clearance1 by the US FDA  marking the start of the commercialization of our in-vitro diagnostic solution for clinical use and paving the way to unlock significant growth potential in the US. Launching the Idylla™ IDH1-2 Mutation Assay Kit (RUO2) among selected customers was a breakthrough for our new Idylla™ FLEX technology that we expect will allow us to bring new assays to the market faster and to further tap into the vast market of liquid biopsy-based monitoring. We also welcomed APIS Assay Technologies as a new collaboration partner and look forward to adding their novel Breast Cancer Subtyping test to our broad oncology menu on Idylla™. Finally  we implemented management changes to enhance our focus on the US market. Bryan Dechairo was appointed to the board of directors and in my new role of executive chairman of the board of directors  I look forward to partnering with Roger Moody  Biocartis’ new CEO who brings a wealth of experience in the US diagnostic industry to our executive leadership team. We are more confident than ever about our ability to sustain future growth to profitability and  save for further impact of the current economic climate on ongoing collaborations  we reiterate our expectations for the year.""Q1 2023 HIGHLIGHTSProduct related revenue of EUR 10.8m  up 2% year-on-year and including EUR 8.5m cartridge revenue from 75k cartridges sold and EUR 2.3m from instrument sales  rentals and servicing: Oncology cartridge revenue of EUR 8m (+16% year-on-year) Revenue contribution from Idylla™ SARS-CoV-2 product sales down by 53%  from EUR 1.1m in Q1 2022 to EUR 0.5m in Q1 2023 Cartridge Average Sales Price (ASP) of EUR 120 in oncology and EUR 113 overall vs EUR 114 and EUR 101 in Q1 2022  respectively EUR 2.2m revenue from instruments. 57 net new instruments placed year-to-date  total installed base of 2 142 instruments end of Q1 2023Gross profit on product sales 3 of EUR 3.8m (Q1 2022: EUR 3.5m)  reflecting a gross margin of 37% (34% for the full year 2022). Q1 2023 was the last quarter that included cartridge production on the old manufacturing line ML1  which is now no longer in use for commercial cartridge production. Continued scaling of the more automated high-throughput manufacturing line ML2 is expected to further reduce cartridge production cost and contribute to a gross margin on products of 40-45% for the full year 2023of EUR 3.8m (Q1 2022: EUR 3.5m)  reflecting a gross margin of 37% (34% for the full year 2022). Q1 2023 was the last quarter that included cartridge production on the old manufacturing line ML1  which is now no longer in use for commercial cartridge production. Continued scaling of the more automated high-throughput manufacturing line ML2 is expected to further reduce cartridge production cost and contribute to a gross margin on products of 40-45% for the full year 2023 EBITDA 4 of EUR -8.4m  an improvement of EUR 1.1m or 12% year-on-year. The cash position end Q1 2023 amounts to EUR 43.9mof EUR -8.4m  an improvement of EUR 1.1m or 12% year-on-year. The cash position end Q1 2023 amounts to EUR 43.9m Idylla™ test menu & partnerships: Announcement 9 February 2023: Launch among selected customers of the Idylla™ IDH1-2 Mutation Assay Kit (RUO)  the first test developed with the new Idylla™ FLEX technology that separates the generic components of an Idylla™ test from the test-specific components Announcement 2 March 2023: 510(k) clearance by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the Idylla™ MSI Test Post the reporting period  announcement 4 April 2023: New partnership agreement with APIS Assay Technologies Ltd. for development of APIS’ Breast Cancer Subtyping assay on the Idylla™ platform. This assay  already available for in vitro diagnostic use 5 in centralized expert laboratories in the UK  will be commercialized 6 by Biocartis ahead of the Idylla™ version of the assayOrganizational news: Recapitalization – Announcement on 16 January 2023 on the completion of the final steps of the comprehensive recapitalization transactions Strengthening US market positioning - During Q1 2023 and shortly after  the Company undertook several actions to strengthen its orientation towards the US market: Announcement on 22 February 2023: Resignation of Mr. Roald Borré as Director and appointment of Mr. Bryan Dechairo as a new independent board member and member of the Audit Committee of the Company Announcement post the reporting period  on 11 April 2023: Appointment of Roger Moody to the position of Chief Executive Officer effective 24 April 2023 7 . Herman Verrelst  who has been the Company’s Chief Executive Officer since August 2017  will move into the new position of Executive Chairman of the board of directors. Christian Reinaudo  who has served as Chairman of the board since May 2018  will assume the role of Lead Independent Director to act as principal liaison between the non-executive members of the board and the executive leadership team2023 OUTLOOKBiocartis reconfirms its 2023 guidance:Product related revenues 8 of between EUR 55m and EUR 60m  reflecting growth of 25%-35% when excluding sales of SARS-CoV-2 tests that are expected to further decreaseof between EUR 55m and EUR 60m  reflecting growth of 25%-35% when excluding sales of SARS-CoV-2 tests that are expected to further decrease A gross margin on product sales 9 of between 40% and 45%of between 40% and 45% EBITDA of between EUR -25m and EUR -28m  an improvement of between EUR 8.5m to EUR 11.5mThese projections are based on foreign currency exchange rates applicable on 23 February 2023  the date on which the 2022 results and 2023 outlook were published.IDYLLA™ TEST MENU OUTLOOKAfter having obtained US FDA 510(k) clearance for the Idylla™ MSI Test in Q1 2023  Biocartis expects to achieve the following regulatory milestones and to launch the assays listed below. The timing of the planned launch of partner tests remains subject to changes imposed by the relevant partners:SeptiCyte ® RAPID on Idylla™ EDTA – submission of 510(k) to the US FDA by ImmunexpressRAPID on Idylla™ EDTA – submission of 510(k) to the US FDA by Immunexpress Idylla™ IDH1-2 Mutation Assay Kit (RUO) – Global availability to all customersIdylla™ PIK3CA-AKT1 Mutation Assay – RUO product development in collaboration with LifeArcIdylla™ Merlin CP-GEP Assay – RUO launch in collaboration with SkylineDxIdylla™ ThyroidPrint Assay – RUO launch in collaboration with GeneproDxFINANCIAL CALENDAR12 May 2023 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Biocartis Group NV31 August 2023 H1 2023 results9 November 2023 Q3 2023 Business Update--- END ---More information:Renate Degrave | Head of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Biocartis’ continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests addresses key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung  liver and breast cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.1 A 510(k) is a premarketing submission made to FDA to demonstrate that the device to be marketed is as safe and effective  that is  substantially equivalent (SE)  to a legally marketed device that is not subject to premarket approval (PMA). 510(k) (premarket notification) to FDA is required at least 90 days before marketing unless the device is exempt from 510(k) requirements. Source: https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/products-and-medical-procedures/device-approvals-denials-and-clearances  last consulted on 17 April 20232 RUO = Research Use Only  not for use in diagnostic procedures3 Excluding instrument servicing4 Earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization5 Registered as IVD in the UK  submission for IVDR CE marking pending6 In the European Union and selected export markets7 Mr Moody will also become a member of the Board of Directors  subject to the approval by the Company’s general shareholders’ meeting8 Including revenue from instrument servicing9 Excluding revenue from instrument servicing",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.26,0.37,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Biocartis Reports', 'Press release', 'First Quarter', 'Results', 'Idylla™ IDH1-2 Mutation Assay Kit', 'novel Breast Cancer Subtyping test', 'Q1 2023 Cartridge Average Sales Price', 'APIS Assay Technologies Ltd', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'new Idylla™ FLEX technology', 'Idylla™ SARS-CoV-2 product sales', 'EUR 8.5m cartridge revenue', 'Idylla™ MSI Test', 'vitro diagnostic solution', 'liquid biopsy-based monitoring', 'current economic climate', 'Product related revenue', 'U.S. Food', 'New partnership agreement', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'executive leadership team', 'old manufacturing line', 'high-throughput manufacturing line', 'commercial cartridge production', 'cartridge production cost', 'Oncology cartridge revenue', 'new collaboration partner', 'core oncology business', 'broad oncology menu', 'significant growth potential', 'US diagnostic industry', 'Biocartis Group NV', '57 net new instruments', 'EUR 2.2m revenue', 'APIS’ Breast', 'Idylla™ test', 'price increases', 'cartridge revenues', 'instrument sales', 'Revenue contribution', 'first test', 'new assays', 'new role', 'new CEO', 'executive chairman', 'business update', 'continued menu', 'Q1 2023 revenues', 'English Dutch', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'First Quarter', 'Gross Margin', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Herman Verrelst', 'anticipative orders', 'macroeconomic environment', 'critical steps', 'geographical expansion', '510(k) clearance1', 'management changes', 'Bryan Dechairo', 'Roger Moody', 'ongoing collaborations', '75k cartridges', 'Gross profit', 'last quarter', 'cash position', 'generic components', 'test-specific components', 'Drug Administration', 'reporting period', 'future growth', 'partner products', 'vast market', 'Biocartis Reports', 'full year', 'entire year', 'Continued scaling', 'US market', 'clinical use', 'US FDA', 'Q1 2023 results', '16% Growth', '2,142 instruments', 'INFORMATION', '20 April', 'CEST', 'EBITDA', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'start', 'expectations', 'impact', 'customers', 'investments', 'development', 'commercialization', 'effects', 'way', 'RUO', 'breakthrough', 'focus', 'board', 'directors', 'wealth', 'experience', 'ability', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'rentals', 'servicing', 'ASP', 'ML', 'improvement', 'partnerships', 'Announcement', 'Launch']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,globenewswire.com
23417,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOCARTIS-GROUP-NV-22033639/news/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Biocartis-Reports-Results-of-First-Quarter-of-2023-43547784/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Biocartis Reports Results of First Quarter of 2023,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION20 April 2023  07:00 CEST Biocartis Reports Results of First Quarter of 2023:16% Growth of Oncology Cartridge RevenuesGross Margin on Products of 37% and EBITDA of EUR -8.4m Mechelen  Belgium  20 April …,"PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION20 April 2023  07:00 CESTBiocartis Reports Results of First Quarter of 2023:16% Growth of Oncology Cartridge RevenuesGross Margin on Products of 37% and EBITDA of EUR -8.4mMechelen  Belgium  20 April 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ""Company"" or ""Biocartis"")  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  today provides a business update for the first quarter of 2023 and the outlook for the full year 2023.Commenting on the Q1 2023 results  Herman Verrelst  Chief Executive Officer of Biocartis  said: “The start of 2023 was broadly in line with our expectations  with 16% growth of cartridge revenues in our core oncology business and a 35% gross margin. While we still expect to grow such product related revenues by 25-30% for the entire year  we saw Q1 2023 revenues were affected by the impact of the price increases we implemented end of 2022 that led customers to place anticipative orders  particularly so in the US. Furthermore  the macroeconomic environment continued to slow down investments in the development and the commercialization of certain partner products  affecting both cartridge as well as instrument sales. Despite these effects  which we believe to be temporary and short-term  we again took critical steps in securing future growth that will be driven by continued menu - and geographical expansion. Our Idylla™ MSI Test received 510(k) clearance1 by the US FDA  marking the start of the commercialization of our in-vitro diagnostic solution for clinical use and paving the way to unlock significant growth potential in the US. Launching the Idylla™ IDH1-2 Mutation Assay Kit (RUO2) among selected customers was a breakthrough for our new Idylla™ FLEX technology that we expect will allow us to bring new assays to the market faster and to further tap into the vast market of liquid biopsy-based monitoring. We also welcomed APIS Assay Technologies as a new collaboration partner and look forward to adding their novel Breast Cancer Subtyping test to our broad oncology menu on Idylla™. Finally  we implemented management changes to enhance our focus on the US market. Bryan Dechairo was appointed to the board of directors and in my new role of executive chairman of the board of directors  I look forward to partnering with Roger Moody  Biocartis’ new CEO who brings a wealth of experience in the US diagnostic industry to our executive leadership team. We are more confident than ever about our ability to sustain future growth to profitability and  save for further impact of the current economic climate on ongoing collaborations  we reiterate our expectations for the year.""Q1 2023 HIGHLIGHTSProduct related revenue of EUR 10.8m  up 2% year-on-year and including EUR 8.5m cartridge revenue from 75k cartridges sold and EUR 2.3m from instrument sales  rentals and servicing: Oncology cartridge revenue of EUR 8m (+16% year-on-year) Revenue contribution from Idylla™ SARS-CoV-2 product sales down by 53%  from EUR 1.1m in Q1 2022 to EUR 0.5m in Q1 2023 Cartridge Average Sales Price (ASP) of EUR 120 in oncology and EUR 113 overall vs EUR 114 and EUR 101 in Q1 2022  respectively EUR 2.2m revenue from instruments. 57 net new instruments placed year-to-date  total installed base of 2 142 instruments end of Q1 2023Gross profit on product sales 3 of EUR 3.8m (Q1 2022: EUR 3.5m)  reflecting a gross margin of 37% (34% for the full year 2022). Q1 2023 was the last quarter that included cartridge production on the old manufacturing line ML1  which is now no longer in use for commercial cartridge production. Continued scaling of the more automated high-throughput manufacturing line ML2 is expected to further reduce cartridge production cost and contribute to a gross margin on products of 40-45% for the full year 2023of EUR 3.8m (Q1 2022: EUR 3.5m)  reflecting a gross margin of 37% (34% for the full year 2022). Q1 2023 was the last quarter that included cartridge production on the old manufacturing line ML1  which is now no longer in use for commercial cartridge production. Continued scaling of the more automated high-throughput manufacturing line ML2 is expected to further reduce cartridge production cost and contribute to a gross margin on products of 40-45% for the full year 2023 EBITDA 4 of EUR -8.4m  an improvement of EUR 1.1m or 12% year-on-year. The cash position end Q1 2023 amounts to EUR 43.9mof EUR -8.4m  an improvement of EUR 1.1m or 12% year-on-year. The cash position end Q1 2023 amounts to EUR 43.9m Idylla™ test menu & partnerships: Announcement 9 February 2023: Launch among selected customers of the Idylla™ IDH1-2 Mutation Assay Kit (RUO)  the first test developed with the new Idylla™ FLEX technology that separates the generic components of an Idylla™ test from the test-specific components Announcement 2 March 2023: 510(k) clearance by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the Idylla™ MSI Test Post the reporting period  announcement 4 April 2023: New partnership agreement with APIS Assay Technologies Ltd. for development of APIS’ Breast Cancer Subtyping assay on the Idylla™ platform. This assay  already available for in vitro diagnostic use 5 in centralized expert laboratories in the UK  will be commercialized 6 by Biocartis ahead of the Idylla™ version of the assayOrganizational news: Recapitalization – Announcement on 16 January 2023 on the completion of the final steps of the comprehensive recapitalization transactions Strengthening US market positioning - During Q1 2023 and shortly after  the Company undertook several actions to strengthen its orientation towards the US market: Announcement on 22 February 2023: Resignation of Mr. Roald Borré as Director and appointment of Mr. Bryan Dechairo as a new independent board member and member of the Audit Committee of the Company Announcement post the reporting period  on 11 April 2023: Appointment of Roger Moody to the position of Chief Executive Officer effective 24 April 2023 7 . Herman Verrelst  who has been the Company’s Chief Executive Officer since August 2017  will move into the new position of Executive Chairman of the board of directors. Christian Reinaudo  who has served as Chairman of the board since May 2018  will assume the role of Lead Independent Director to act as principal liaison between the non-executive members of the board and the executive leadership team2023 OUTLOOKBiocartis reconfirms its 2023 guidance:Product related revenues 8 of between EUR 55m and EUR 60m  reflecting growth of 25%-35% when excluding sales of SARS-CoV-2 tests that are expected to further decreaseof between EUR 55m and EUR 60m  reflecting growth of 25%-35% when excluding sales of SARS-CoV-2 tests that are expected to further decrease A gross margin on product sales 9 of between 40% and 45%of between 40% and 45% EBITDA of between EUR -25m and EUR -28m  an improvement of between EUR 8.5m to EUR 11.5mThese projections are based on foreign currency exchange rates applicable on 23 February 2023  the date on which the 2022 results and 2023 outlook were published.IDYLLA™ TEST MENU OUTLOOKAfter having obtained US FDA 510(k) clearance for the Idylla™ MSI Test in Q1 2023  Biocartis expects to achieve the following regulatory milestones and to launch the assays listed below. The timing of the planned launch of partner tests remains subject to changes imposed by the relevant partners:SeptiCyte ® RAPID on Idylla™ EDTA – submission of 510(k) to the US FDA by ImmunexpressRAPID on Idylla™ EDTA – submission of 510(k) to the US FDA by Immunexpress Idylla™ IDH1-2 Mutation Assay Kit (RUO) – Global availability to all customersIdylla™ PIK3CA-AKT1 Mutation Assay – RUO product development in collaboration with LifeArcIdylla™ Merlin CP-GEP Assay – RUO launch in collaboration with SkylineDxIdylla™ ThyroidPrint Assay – RUO launch in collaboration with GeneproDxFINANCIAL CALENDAR12 May 2023 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Biocartis Group NV31 August 2023 H1 2023 results9 November 2023 Q3 2023 Business Update--- END ---More information:Renate Degrave | Head of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Biocartis’ continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests addresses key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung  liver and breast cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.1 A 510(k) is a premarketing submission made to FDA to demonstrate that the device to be marketed is as safe and effective  that is  substantially equivalent (SE)  to a legally marketed device that is not subject to premarket approval (PMA). 510(k) (premarket notification) to FDA is required at least 90 days before marketing unless the device is exempt from 510(k) requirements. Source: https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/products-and-medical-procedures/device-approvals-denials-and-clearances  last consulted on 17 April 20232 RUO = Research Use Only  not for use in diagnostic procedures3 Excluding instrument servicing4 Earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization5 Registered as IVD in the UK  submission for IVDR CE marking pending6 In the European Union and selected export markets7 Mr Moody will also become a member of the Board of Directors  subject to the approval by the Company’s general shareholders’ meeting8 Including revenue from instrument servicing9 Excluding revenue from instrument servicing",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.27,0.24,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Biocartis Reports', 'Press release', 'First Quarter', 'Results', 'Idylla™ IDH1-2 Mutation Assay Kit', 'novel Breast Cancer Subtyping test', 'APIS’ Breast Cancer Subtypin', 'Q1 2023 Cartridge Average Sales Price', 'APIS Assay Technologies Ltd', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'new Idylla™ FLEX technology', 'Idylla™ SARS-CoV-2 product sales', 'EUR 8.5m cartridge revenue', 'Idylla™ MSI Test', 'vitro diagnostic solution', 'liquid biopsy-based monitoring', 'current economic climate', 'Product related revenue', 'total installed base', 'U.S. Food', 'New partnership agreement', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'executive leadership team', 'old manufacturing line', 'high-throughput manufacturing line', 'commercial cartridge production', 'cartridge production cost', 'Oncology cartridge revenue', 'new collaboration partner', 'core oncology business', 'broad oncology menu', 'significant growth potential', 'US diagnostic industry', 'Biocartis Group NV', '57 net new instruments', 'EUR 2.2m revenue', 'Idylla™ test', 'price increases', 'cartridge revenues', 'instrument sales', 'Revenue contribution', 'first test', 'new assays', 'new role', 'new CEO', 'executive chairman', 'business update', 'continued menu', 'Q1 2023 revenues', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'First Quarter', 'Gross Margin', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Herman Verrelst', 'anticipative orders', 'macroeconomic environment', 'critical steps', 'geographical expansion', '510(k) clearance1', 'management changes', 'Bryan Dechairo', 'Roger Moody', 'ongoing collaborations', '75k cartridges', 'Gross profit', 'last quarter', 'cash position', 'generic components', 'test-specific components', 'Drug Administration', 'reporting period', 'future growth', 'partner products', 'vast market', 'Biocartis Reports', 'full year', 'entire year', 'Continued scaling', 'US market', 'clinical use', 'US FDA', 'Q1 2023 results', '16% Growth', '2,142 instruments', '20 April', 'CEST', 'EBITDA', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'start', 'expectations', 'impact', 'customers', 'investments', 'development', 'commercialization', 'effects', 'way', 'RUO', 'breakthrough', 'focus', 'board', 'directors', 'wealth', 'experience', 'ability', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'rentals', 'servicing', 'ASP', 'ML', 'improvement', 'partnerships', 'Announcement', 'Launch', 'March']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23418,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GAZTRANSPORT-TECHNIGAZ-15821825/news/GTT-Q1-2023-revenues-80-million-up-17-2-good-order-momentum-continues-43594117/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,GTT : Q1 2023 revenues: 80 million  up 17.2%; good order momentum continues,(marketscreener.com) Q1 2023 revenues: €80 million  up 17.2%; good order momentum continues High level of orders: 25 LNG carriers and 1 FLNGRevenues of €80 million  in line with expectationsConfirmation of 2023 targets1st in INPI ranking of ETIs1 in terms of …,Q1 2023 revenues: €80 million  up 17.2%;good order momentum continuesHigh level of orders: 25 LNG carriers and 1 FLNGRevenues of € 80 million   in line with expectationsConfirmation of 2023 targets1st in INPI ranking of ETIs1 in terms of number of patents filedParis – April 20  2023. GTT  the technological expert in membrane containment systems used to transport and store liquefied gases  today announces its revenues for the first quarter of the 2023 financial year.Commenting on the results  Philippe Berterottière  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of GTT  said: “With 25 orders for LNG carriers and one floating liquefied natural gas unit order booked in the first quarter of 2023  commercial performance in our core business remains strong in the wake of an exceptional 2022. Demand for LNG remains particularly strong  as evidenced by the two final investment decisions for new liquefaction plants made in the first quarter  which will generate additional needs for LNG carrier over the coming years.GTT is pursuing its constant R&D and innovation efforts with the ambition of being a major technological player in the decarbonisation of maritime transport. As such  we obtained several new approvals during the first quarter  notably in the field of alternative fuels.Regarding our CSR strategy  GTT joined the United Nations Global Compact at the beginning of March  thereby demonstrating our commitment to a sustainable and responsible economy.From a financial standpoint  revenues for the first quarter of 2023 show a strong increase of 17.2% compared to the first quarter of 2022. Activity will pick up notably in the second half of 2023  benefitting of the growing number of ships under construction. In this context  the Group confirms its 2023 targets”.Group business activity in Q1 2023- Continued momentum in LNG carrier ordersFollowing a record year in 2022 in terms of orders  GTT booked 25 orders for LNG carriers in the first quarter of 2023. Their delivery is scheduled between the first quarter of 2026 and the fourth quarter of 2027.GTT also received an order for an FLNG unit  which will be delivered in the first quarter of 2027.- Digital: signing of new contracts and launch of a new brandOn January 16  2023  Ascenz was selected by a major Mexican ship-owner to equip a tanker with its Electronic Fuel Monitoring System (EFMS).In March 2023  Marorka signed a key contract with a major European maritime transport company to install automatic data collection systems and intelligent software to manage and optimise energy and environmental performance on 30 container ships in 2023  with an option for a further 30 in 2024. In addition  GTT has been chosen by two major European LNG ship-owners to equip three vessels with its predictive maintenance solution  the “Sloshing Virtual Sensor”.Finally  GTT announced the creation of a new brand  Ascenz Marorka2  with the mission of providing ship-owners and charterers with the most advanced  innovative and reliable solutions.- Further development of ElogenIn February 2023  Elogen signed a flagship contract with Crosswind  a joint venture between Shell and Eneco  as part of an offshore wind farm project for the design and manufacture of a 2.5 MW electrolyser3.In addition  Elogen is continuing its R&D work with the aim of improving the competitiveness and energy efficiency of its solutions.- Innovation: Development of new technologies – GTT once again the leader in number of patents filedFor the fourth year in a row  GTT came first in the INPI ranking of ETIs in terms of number of patents filed in 2022. This ranking underlines GTT’s strong innovation dynamic.Early in the first quarter of 2023  GTT announced that it had received approval in principle from Lloyd’s Register for a maintenance optimisation solution for LNG membrane tanks  allowing ship-owners and charterers to enhance operational flexibility and achieve substantial savings.The Group also obtained a €4.66 million subsidy from Bpifrance for the design of an onboard CO 2 capture system for vessels and the development of intelligent operational performance solutions by OSE Engineering4 (GTT Group) as part of the MerVent project.Finally  OSE Engineering announced its participation in the HyMot5 project  supported by ADEME as part of the Programme d’investissements d’avenir (PIA)  which aims to intensify research on the development of a hydrogen engine for lightweight utility vehicles.More recently  GTT received 4 approvals in principle from the Japanese classification society ClassNK for its latest alternative fuel development projects  namely:a 12 500 m 3 dual-fuel VLCC 6   equipped with the GTT Mark III Flex system;dual-fuel VLCC   equipped with the GTT Mark III Flex system; an LNG tank rated “NH 3 Ready” 7   which includes NH 3 -compatible materials  risk assessment and gas boil-off rate management;Ready”   which includes NH -compatible materials  risk assessment and gas boil-off rate management; an 8 000 CEU 8 dual-fuel PCTC 9 rated “NH 3 Ready”;dual-fuel PCTC rated “NH Ready”; the RecycoolTM system  applied to LNG-powered vessels  which reliquefies excess boil-off gas to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and improve economic performance.- CSR strategyOn March 13  2023  GTT announced that it had joined the United Nations Global Compact  thereby committing itself to promoting the “Ten Principles” on human rights  labour standards  the environment and anti-corruption  and to implementing the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)10 in its environmental  social and governance policy.Order book at March 31  2023On January 1  2023  GTT’s order book excluding LNG as fuel comprised 274 units. It has since changed as follows:Deliveries completed: 8 LNG carriers  2 ethane carriers  1 FSU;Orders received: 25 LNG carriers  1 FLNGAt March 31  2023  the order book excluding LNG as fuel stood at 289 units  breaking down as follows:273 LNG carriers;2 ethane carriers;1 FSRU;1 FSU;1 FLNG;11 onshore storage tanks.Regarding LNG as fuel  with the delivery of one vessel  there were 69 vessels in the order book at March 31  2023.Evolution of consolidated revenues in Q1 2023(in thousands of euros) Q1 2022 Q1 2023 Change Revenues 68 184 79 891 +17.2% Newbuilds 61 749 73 463 +19.0% LNG carriers/ethane carriers 53 840 66 248 23.0% FSUs11 3 602 1 239 -65.6% FSRUs12 - - - FLNGs13 726 - - Onshore storage tanks 747 1 079 +44.4% GBSs14 2 082 - - LNG-powered vessels 753 4 897 +550.3% Electrolysers 886 1 495 +68.7% Services 5 549 4 933 -11.1%Consolidated revenues for the first quarter of 2023 amounted to €79.9 million  up 17.2% compared to the first quarter of 2022.Newbuild revenues amounted to €73.5 million  up 19.0% compared to the first quarter of 2022. Royalties from LNG and ethane carriers amounted to €66.2 million  up 23.0%. It should be noted that the number of LNG carriers under construction will increase significantly from the second quarter of 2023  thus generating additional revenue notably in the second half of 2023. Royalties from FSUs amounted to €1.2 million  down 65.6%  the first FSU having been delivered during the quarter  and those from onshore tanks to €1.1 million (+44.4%). Royalties generated by the LNG as fuel business (€4.9 million) are starting to benefit from the large number of orders received in 2021 and 2022.Elogen’s electrolyser revenues amounted to €1.5 million in the first quarter of 2023  compared to €0.9 million in the first quarter of 2022. The Group anticipates an acceleration during the year.Revenues from services decreased by -11.1% to €4.9 million in the first quarter of 2023  due to the decrease in pre-project studies  for which demand is fluctuating in nature  and revenues generated by assistance services for vessels in operation.KFTCThe Group recalls that by its decision of April 13  2023  the Supreme Court of Korea rejected the appeal filed by GTT in December 2022 against the decision of the Seoul High Court  confirming the Company's obligation to separate  in all or part of it  the technical assistance from the technology license agreement if requested by the Korean shipyards.The Company considers that technical assistance and engineering services are essential to the safety and performance of its solutions.2023 outlook confirmedThe Group estimates that activity will pick up notably in the second half of 2023  benefiting from the growing number of ships under construction.In this context and in the absence of any significant order delays or cancellations  GTT confirms its targets for the 2023 financial year  namely:2023 consolidated revenues of between 385 million euros and 430 million euros 2023 consolidated EBITDA of between 190 million euros and 235 million euros the distribution of a dividend for the 2023 financial year corresponding to a minimum payout ratio of 80% of consolidated net income15.***Q1 2023 activity update presentationPhilippe Berterottière  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  and Virginie Aubagnac  Chief Financial Officer  will comment on GTT’s first quarter 2023 activity and answer questions from the financial community during a conference call in English on Thursday April 20  2023  at 6:15 p.m. (Paris time).This conference will be broadcast live on GTT’s website (www.gtt.fr/finance).To participate in the conference call  please dial one of the following numbers five to ten minutes before the start of the conference:France: +33 1 70 91 87 04UK: +44 1 212 818 004USA: +1 718 705 87 96Confirmation code: 140215The presentation document will be available on the website on April 20  2023  at 5:45 p.m.Financial agendaShareholders’ Meeting: June 7  2023Payment of the balance of the dividend for the 2022 financial year: June 14  2023Publication of the 2023 half-year results: July 27  2023 (after close of trading)2023 third-quarter results: October 25  2023 (after close of trading)About GTTGTT is a technological expert in containment systems with cryogenic membranes used to transport and store liquefied gases. For over 50 years  GTT has been designing and providing cutting-edge technologies for a better energy performance  which combine operational efficiency and safety  to equip LNG carriers  floating terminals  land storage  and multi-gas carriers. GTT also develops systems dedicated to the use of LNG as fuel  as well as a full range of services  including digital services in the field of Smart Shipping. The Group is also active in hydrogen through its subsidiary Elogen  which designs and assembles electrolysers notably for the production of green hydrogen.GTT is listed on Euronext Paris  Compartment A (ISIN FR0011726835 Euronext Paris: GTT) and is notably included in SBF 120  Stoxx Europe 600 and MSCI Small Cap indicesInvestor relations contact:information-financiere@gtt.fr / +33 1 30 23 20 87Media contact:press@gtt.fr / +33 1 30 23 48 45For more information  visit www.gtt.fr.Important noticeThe figures presented here are those customarily used and communicated to the markets by GTT. This message includes forward-looking information and statements. Such statements include financial projections and estimates  the assumptions on which they are based  as well as statements about projects  objectives and expectations regarding future operations  profits  or services  or future performance. Although GTT management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors and GTT shareholders should be aware that such forward-looking information and statements are subject to many risks and uncertainties that are generally difficult to predict and beyond the control of GTT  and may cause results and developments to differ significantly from those expressed  implied or predicted in the forward-looking statements or information. Such risks include those explained or identified in the public documents filed by GTT with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF – Autorité des Marchés Financiers)  including those listed in the “Risk Factors” section of the GTT Registration Document filed with the AMF on April 25  2022  and the half-year financial report released on July 28  2022. Investors and GTT shareholders should note that if some or all of these risks are realised they may have a significant unfavourable impact on GTT.1 Entreprises de Taille Intermédiaire: medium sized companies.2 See the GTT press release of 03/20/2023.3 See the Elogen press release of 02/07/2023.4 More information on site: : https://www.ose-engineering.fr/5 See the GTT press release of 02/14/2023.6 VLCC: Very large crude carrier.7 NH 3 Ready: compatible with ammonia.8 CEU: Car equivalent unit – measure of a PCTC’s freight capacity.9 PCTC: Pure car and truck carrier.10 More information on the 17 SDGs: https://pactemondial.org/17-objectifs-developpement-durable/11 Floating storage units.12 Floating storage regasification units.13 Floating liquefied natural gas units.14 Gravity based structures: underwater tanks.15 Subject to approval by the Shareholders’ Meeting and the amount of distributable net income in the GTT S.A. corporate financial statements.Attachment,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['good order momentum', 'Q1 2023 revenues', 'GTT', 'one floating liquefied natural gas unit order', 'GTT Mark III Flex system', 'major European maritime transport company', 'latest alternative fuel development projects', 'two major European LNG ship-owners', 'Electronic Fuel Monitoring System', 'gas boil-off rate management', 'two final investment decisions', 'onboard CO 2 capture system', 'United Nations Global Compact', 'Japanese classification society ClassNK', 'automatic data collection systems', 'offshore wind farm project', 'intelligent operational performance solutions', 'major Mexican ship-owner', 'membrane containment systems', 'major technological player', 'good order momentum', 'Philippe Berterottière', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'constant R&D', 'predictive maintenance solution', 'Sloshing Virtual Sensor', 'R&D work', 'maintenance optimisation solution', 'lightweight utility vehicles', 'NH 3 -compatible materials', 'NH -compatible materials', 'LNG membrane tanks', 'new liquefaction plants', '12,500 m 3 dual-fuel VLCC', '8,000 CEU 8 dual-fuel PCTC', 'strong innovation dynamic', 'several new approvals', 'liquefied gases', 'Group business activity', 'LNG carrier orders', 'FLNG unit', 'alternative fuels', 'intelligent software', 'operational flexibility', 'commercial performance', 'environmental performance', 'MerVent project', 'HyMot5 project', 'technological expert', 'core business', 'strong increase', 'Continued momentum', '25 LNG carriers', 'LNG tank', 'new contracts', 'new brand', 'reliable solutions', 'new technologies', 'High level', 'first quarter', '2023 financial year', 'additional needs', 'coming years', 'innovation efforts', 'CSR strategy', 'responsible economy', 'financial standpoint', 'second half', 'record year', 'fourth quarter', 'key contract', 'advanced, innovative', 'Further development', 'flagship contract', 'joint venture', '2.5 MW electrolyser', 'fourth year', 'substantial savings', 'The Group', '€4.66 million subsidy', 'OSE Engineering4', 'hydrogen engine', 'risk assessment', 'INPI ranking', 'GTT Group', '30 container ships', 'three vessels', 'energy efficiency', 'growing number', 'Ascenz Marorka', 'Q1 2023 revenues', '4 approvals', '1 FLNG', '25 orders', 'line', 'expectations', 'Confirmation', '2023 targets', 'ETIs1', 'terms', 'patents', 'Paris', 'April', 'results', 'Chairman', 'wake', 'exceptional 2022', 'ambition', 'decarbonisation', 'field', 'beginning', 'March', 'commitment', 'sustainable', 'construction', 'context', 'delivery', 'Digital', 'signing', 'launch', 'January', 'tanker', 'EFMS', 'option', 'creation', 'mission', 'charterers', 'Elogen', 'February', 'Crosswind', 'Shell', 'Eneco', 'part', 'design', 'manufacture', 'aim', 'competitiveness', 'leader', 'principle', 'Lloyd', 'Register', 'Bpifrance', 'ADEME', 'Programme', 'investissements', 'avenir', 'PIA', 'research', '17.']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23419,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JER-NIMO-MARTINS-SGPS-S-5827/news/Jer-nimo-Martins-SGPS-S-A-Jer-nimo-Martins-SGPS-S-A-informs-on-2022-Corporate-Governance-Report-43595134/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Jerónimo Martins SGPS S A : Jerónimo Martins  SGPS  S.A. informs on 2022 Corporate Governance Report approved at the Annual General Shareholders Meeting of April 20  2023,(marketscreener.com)   Jerónimo Martins | 2022      Corporate Governance          Part I - Information on Shareholder Structure  Organization and Corporate Governance  ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JER-NIMO-MARTINS-SGPS-S-5…,"Jerónimo Martins | 2022 Corporate Governance Part I - Information on Shareholder Structure  Organization and Corporate Governance ............................................3 Section A - Shareholder Structure 3 Subsection I - Capital Structure 3 Subsection II - Shareholdings and Bonds Held 5 Section B - Corporate Bodies and Committees 7 Subsection I - General Meeting 7 A. Composition of the Presiding Board of the General Meeting 7 B. Exercising the Right to Vote 7 Subsection II - Management and Supervision (Board of Directors) 9 A. Composition 9 B. Functioning 25 C. Committees within the Board of Directors and Board Delegate 29 Subsection III - Supervision - (Audit Committee) 31 A. Composition 31 B. Functioning 33 C. Powers and Duties 34 Subsection IV - Statutory Auditor 35 Subsection V - External Auditor 35 Section C - Internal Organisation 37 Subsection I - Articles of Association 37 Subsection II - Reporting of Irregularities 37 Subsection III - Internal Control and Risk Management 38 Subsection IV - Investor Assistance 44 Subsection V - Website 46 Section D - Remuneration 48 Subsection I - Power to Establish 48 Subsection II - Remuneration Committee 48 Subsection III - Remuneration Structure 49 Subsection IV - Remuneration Disclosure 55 Subsection V - Agreements with Remuneration Implications 59 Subsection VI - Share Allocation and/or Stock Option Plan 60 Section E - Related Party Transactions 61 Subsection I - Control Mechanisms and Procedures 61 Subsection II - Data on Business Deals 63 Part II - Corporate Governance Assessment 64 1. Details of the Corporate Governance Code Implemented 64 2. Analysis of Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code Implemented 64 3. Other Information 72 Index 2Jerónimo Martins | 2022 Part I - Information on Shareholder Structure  Organization and Corporate Governance Section A - Shareholder Structure Subsection I - Capital Structure 1. The Capital Structure (Share Capital  Number of Shares  Distribution of Capital by Shareholders  etc.)  Including an Indication of Shares That Are Not Admitted to Trading  Different Classes of Shares  Rights and Duties of Same and the Capital Percentage That Each Class Represents (Art. 29.º-H/1/a of the Portuguese Securities Code - PSC) The Company's share capital is 629 293 220 euros. It is fully subscribed and paid up  and divided into six hundred and twenty-nine million  two hundred and ninety-three thousand  two hundred and twenty shares with a nominal value of one euro each. All issued shares are ordinary  there are no other categories of shares  and all shares have been admitted to trading on the Euronext Lisbon stock exchange. The Company's shareholder structure is the following  with reference to 31 December 2022*: 43 9% Soc. Francisco Manuel dos Santos  B.V. 56 1% Floating and Own Shares According to the last communications made by the shareholders with qualifying holdings to Jerónimo Martins  SGPS  S.A. up to the said date being assumed that the number of shares owned is equivalent to the number of voting rights  unless otherwise disclosed to the issuer. See  point 7. 2. Restrictions on the Transfer of Shares  Such as Clauses on Consent for Disposal  or Limits on the Ownership of Shares (Art. 29.º-H/1/b PSC) Jerónimo Martins' shares are freely transferable and there are no restrictions concerning their tradability. 3. Number of Own Shares  the Percentage of Share Capital that it Represents and Corresponding Percentage of Voting Rights that Corresponded to Own Shares (Art. 29.º- H/1/a PSC) The Company holds 859 thousand shares in its own portfolio  which were acquired in 1999 at an average price of 7.06 euros per share (price adjusted by the restatement of capital). These shares represent 0.14% of the Company's share capital  which would correspond to equal percentage of voting rights. Corporate Governance Report 3Jerónimo Martins | 2022 4. Important Agreements to which the Company is a Party and that Come Into Effect  Amend or are Terminated in Cases Such As a Change in the Control of the Company After a Takeover Bid  and the Respective Effects  Except Where Due to their Nature  the Disclosure Thereof Would be Seriously Detrimental to the Company; This Exception Does Not Apply Where the Company is Specifically Required to Disclose Said Information Pursuant to Other Legal Requirements (Art. 29.º-H/1/j PSC) There are no significant agreements (including financing agreements) to which the Company is a party and that come into effect  are amended or terminated in case of a change in the control of the Company after a takeover bid. 5. A System That is Subject to the Renewal or Withdrawal of Countermeasures  Particularly Those That Provide for a Restriction on the Number of Votes Capable of Being Held or Exercised by Only One Shareholder Individually or Together With Other Shareholders No defensive measures were adopted that require payments or the assumption of costs by the Company in the event of a change of control or a change in the composition of the Board of Directors and that are likely to impair the free transfer of shares and the free assessment by the shareholders of the performance of the Board members  or that provide for a restriction on the number of votes capable of being held or exercised by only one shareholder individually or together with other shareholders. 6. Shareholders' Agreements that the Company is aware of and That May Result in Restrictions on the Transfer of Securities or Voting Rights (Art. 29.º-H/1/g PSC) Pursuant to the communication regarding the qualifying holding received by the Company on 2nd January  2012  the same was informed of a shareholders' agreement concerning the exercise of voting rights  on the following terms: ""It is further informed that  in accordance with the terms of number 2 of article 21  paragraphs b) and c)  of the Portuguese Securities Code  Sociedade Francisco Manuel dos Santos  SGPS  S.A.[*] controls Sociedade Francisco Manuel dos Santos B.V.  since it may exercise the corresponding voting rights under a Shareholders Agreement. In accordance with the terms of article 20 of the Portuguese Securities Code  especially paragraph b) of its number 1  under the above mentioned Shareholders Agreement  the corresponding voting rights of the Jerónimo Martins  SGPS  S.A. shares  object of the purchase and sale above mentioned  remain attributed to Sociedade Francisco Manuel dos Santos  SGPS S.A.[*]"". The Company  however  does not know of any restrictions concerning the transfer of securities or voting rights. * The company name was changed on 2015 to ""Sociedade Francisco Manuel dos Santos  SGPS  S.E."". Corporate Governance Report 4",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.21,0.15,0.63,True,English,"['Jerónimo Martins SGPS S A', 'Annual General Shareholders Meeting', '2022 Corporate Governance Report', 'S.A.', 'April', 'Francisco Manuel dos Santos', 'Euronext Lisbon stock exchange', 'Investor Assistance 44 Subsection V', 'Stock Option Plan', 'Jerónimo Martins', 'Portuguese Securities Code', 'Other Legal Requirements', 'Corporate Governance Assessment', 'Corporate Governance Code', 'Corporate Governance Report', 'Website 46 Section D', 'Related Party Transactions', '2022 Corporate Governance Part', 'Other Information 72 Index', 'Shareholder Structure Subsection', 'The Capital Structure', 'Corporate Bodies', 'other categories', 'B.V.', 'Remuneration Structure', 'Section E', 'One Shareholder', 'General Meeting', 'Statutory Auditor', 'External Auditor', 'Internal Organisation', 'Remuneration Committee', 'Remuneration Implications', 'Business Deals', 'Different Classes', 'six hundred', 'two hundred', 'nominal value', 'one euro', 'last communications', 'qualifying holdings', 'Takeover Bid', 'Respective Effects', 'defensive measures', 'Subsection II', '34 Subsection IV', 'Remuneration 48 Subsection', '59 Subsection VI', '3 Section A', 'Section C', 'Share Allocation', 'Other Shareholders', '5 Section B', 'voting rights', '1/b PSC', 'Corresponding Percentage', 'H/1/a PSC', 'equal percentage', 'Important Agreements', 'H/1/j PSC', 'significant agreements', 'financing agreements', 'Share Capital', 'S.A.', 'Capital Percentage', 'Risk Management', 'Remuneration Disclosure', 'average price', 'Presiding Board', 'Board Delegate', 'Internal Control', 'Control Mechanisms', 'twenty shares', 'Own Shares', '859 thousand shares', '25 C. Committees', 'B. Functioning', 'free transfer', '9 A. Composition', '37 Subsection', '31 A.', '33 C.', 'Organization', 'Shareholdings', 'Bonds', 'Supervision', 'Directors', 'Powers', 'Duties', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Reporting', 'Irregularities', 'Procedures', 'Data', 'Details', 'Analysis', 'Compliance', 'Number', 'Distribution', 'Indication', 'Trading', 'Same', 'Art.', 'Company', '220 euros', 'reference', '31 December', 'SGPS', 'date', 'issuer', 'point', 'Restrictions', 'Clauses', 'Consent', 'Disposal', 'Limits', 'Ownership', 'tradability', 'portfolio', '7.06 euros', 'restatement', 'Cases', 'Nature', 'System', 'Renewal', 'Withdrawal', 'Countermeasures', 'Votes', 'payments', 'assumption', 'costs', 'event', 'º']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23420,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENSIGHT-BIOLOGICS-S-A-29750724/news/GenSight-Biologics-S-A-Quarterly-financial-reporting-First-quarter-financial-report-43595531/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,GenSight Biologics S A : Quarterly financial reporting / First quarter financial report,(marketscreener.com)   Press Release   GenSight Biologics Reports Cash Position as of March 31  2023  and Provides Business Update    EMA oral presentation held on April 19 with KOLs; decision to withdraw application and engage with EMA to quickly ag…,Press Release GenSight Biologics Reports Cash Position as of March 31  2023  and Provides Business Update EMA oral presentation held on April 19 with KOLs; decision to withdraw application and engage with EMA to quickly agree on a path forwardValidation campaign manufacturing restart confirmed in May 2023  with results expected in Q3 2023; training and preparatory work progressing as plannedCurrent cash runway to June 2023; advanced discussions on financing and strategic options including M&A ongoing Paris  France  Thursday April 20  2023  7:00 pm CEST - GenSight Biologics (Euronext: SIGHT  ISIN: FR0013183985  PEA-PMEeligible)  a biopharma company focused on developing and commercializing innovative gene therapies for retinal neurodegenerative diseases and central nervous system disorders  today reported its cash position as of March 31  2023  and provided a business update. Regulatory Pathway of LUMEVOQ® In March 2023  as planned  GenSight submitted responses to the D180 questions from the European Medicines Agency (EMA). The Committee for Advanced Therapies (CAT) of the EMA  in charge of assessing LUMEVOQ®  had remaining objections that were discussed in an oral presentation held yesterday  April 19. GenSight regulatory and clinical executives presented to members of the CAT and were supported by renowned LHON expert and Principal Investigator of REFLECT  Patrick Yu-Wai-Man MD  PhD (University of Cambridge  United Kingdom) and distinguished blindness and vision restoration expert and co-founder of GenSight Biologics  José-AlainSahel  MD (University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine  United-States). Based on interactions with the EMA CAT indicating that the data provided thus far would not be sufficient to support a positive opinion of the marketing authorization of LUMEVOQ® by EMA  and as announced earlier today  GenSight decided to withdraw its application ahead of a final opinion by the CAT. This decision enables the Company to discuss the best possible path forward for LUMEVOQ® with the EMA in the coming weeks  aiming at submitting a new application addressing remaining objections as soon as possible  in Europe and other countries. The Company is exploring options including generating new clinical data. GenSight management team hosted a live webcast earlier today that is available for replay  in English with a French translation  using this link: https://bit.ly/3LcxrMD In parallel  GenSight continues to interact with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to secure a regulatory pathway in the United States and the design of a possible additional Phase III clinical trial.Manufacturing of LUMEVOQ® Due to the occurrence of an operational issue at the Company's manufacturing partner in the US  the production of a GMP batch of LUMEVOQ® was terminated in March 2023. The precise root cause was confirmed in April and presented during a dedicated webcast. To prevent the reoccurrence of such an operational issue and secure a successful outcome  GenSight agreed with its manufacturing partner to jointly involve their engineering team and GenSight's own experts (including a person-in-plant at all times) real time in the conduct of the upcoming validation campaign. GenSight expects to initiate the validation campaign in May 2023  with results expected in Q3 2023  as previously stated. The three PPQ batches could be released for human use by the end of the year. Cash position as of March 31  2023 GenSight Biologics' cash and cash equivalents totalled €8.5 million as of March 31  2023  compared to €10.6 million as of December 31  2022. The operating cash burn in the first quarter of 2023 mainly reflected the final pharmaceutical development steps for LUMEVOQ® (lenadogene nolparvovec) to support the Marketing Authorisation Application under review by the European Medicines Agency (EMA). These were mainly preparatory activities to ensure manufacturing readiness to commercialize under Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) and notably the production of engineering and validation batches. In addition  the Company continued to follow patients over the long term in the REFLECT Phase III clinical trial of LUMEVOQ® in the treatment of Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy. GenSight Biologics also continued to build up its commercial infrastructure and prepare for a possible launch of LUMEVOQ® in Europe. In addition  the Company continued the PIONEER Phase I/II trial of GS030 in the treatment of Retinitis Pigmentosa. In February 2023  the Company received the €8.0 million Tranche A of the €35 million loan with the European Investment Bank (EIB). As of March 31  2023  the Company has sufficient net working capital to meet its financial obligations until June 2023. The Company is currently reviewing the impact of the current situation on the existing financing and is taking additional measures aimed at significantly reducing its operating cash burn in 2023  while actively discussing financing and strategic options including M&A opportunities. Number of outstanding shares As of March 31  2023  GenSight Biologics' number of outstanding shares was 46 335 591 ordinary shares. 2023 Annual General Meeting GenSight Biologics is postponing its Annual General Meeting initially scheduled on May 16  2023. A new date will be provided soon. Contacts GenSight Biologics RooneyPartners Corporate Communications Director Media Relations,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.24,0.31,True,English,"['GenSight Biologics S A', 'First quarter financial report', 'Quarterly financial reporting', 'possible additional Phase III clinical trial', 'REFLECT Phase III clinical trial', 'PIONEER Phase I/II trial', 'central nervous system disorders', 'Leber Hereditary Optic Neuropathy', 'sufficient net working capital', 'final pharmaceutical development steps', 'Validation campaign manufacturing restart', 'retinal neurodegenerative diseases', 'European Medicines Agency', 'renowned LHON expert', 'vision restoration expert', 'U.S. Food', 'precise root cause', 'European Investment Bank', 'upcoming validation campaign', 'best possible path', 'innovative gene therapies', 'new clinical data', 'three PPQ batches', 'operating cash burn', 'Good Manufacturing Practices', 'Current cash runway', 'M&A opportunities', 'GenSight management team', 'Marketing Authorisation Application', ""GenSight Biologics' cash"", 'EMA oral presentation', ""GenSight Biologics' number"", 'clinical executives', 'additional measures', 'possible launch', 'validation batches', 'final opinion', 'Cash Position', 'Advanced Therapies', 'marketing authorization', 'cash equivalents', 'current situation', 'manufacturing partner', 'manufacturing readiness', 'new application', 'Press Release', 'Business Update', 'preparatory work', 'advanced discussions', 'Regulatory Pathway', 'D180 questions', 'remaining objections', 'Principal Investigator', 'Patrick Yu-Wai-Man', 'United Kingdom', 'distinguished blindness', 'José-AlainSahel', 'Pittsburgh School', 'positive opinion', 'coming weeks', 'other countries', 'live webcast', 'French translation', 'Drug Administration', 'United States', 'operational issue', 'dedicated webcast', 'successful outcome', 'engineering team', 'real time', 'human use', 'first quarter', 'lenadogene nolparvovec', 'preparatory activities', 'long term', 'commercial infrastructure', 'Retinitis Pigmentosa', '€8.0 million Tranche', '€35 million loan', 'financial obligations', 'outstanding shares', 'GenSight regulatory', 'strategic options', 'GMP batch', 'Thursday April', 'biopharma company', 'The Company', 'existing financing', 'EMA CAT', 'March', 'KOLs', 'decision', 'May', 'results', 'Q3', 'training', 'June', 'Paris', 'France', 'CEST', 'Euronext', 'ISIN', 'PEA-PMEeligible', 'LUMEVOQ®', 'responses', 'Committee', 'charge', 'members', 'MD', 'PhD', 'University', 'Cambridge', 'founder', 'United-States', 'interactions', 'replay', 'English', 'link', 'parallel', 'FDA', 'design', 'production', 'reoccurrence', 'experts', 'person', 'plant', 'times', 'conduct', 'end', 'year', 'December', 'review', 'patients', 'treatment', 'GS030', 'February', 'EIB', 'impact', '7:00']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23421,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SARTORIUS-STEDIM-BIOTECH-27471609/news/Sartorius-Stedim-Biotech-SA-First-quarter-results-2023-of-Sartorius-Stedim-Biotech-43547840/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Sartorius Stedim Biotech SA: First-quarter results 2023 of Sartorius Stedim Biotech,(marketscreener.com) Sartorius Stedim Biotech SA / Key word: Quarter ResultsSartorius Stedim Biotech SA: First-quarter results 2023 of Sartorius Stedim Biotech 20-Apr-2023 / 07:00 CET/CESTAubagne  France  April 20  2023 First-quarter results 2…,Sartorius Stedim Biotech SA / Key word(s): Quarter ResultsSartorius Stedim Biotech SA: First-quarter results 2023 of Sartorius Stedim Biotech20-Apr-2023 / 07:00 CET/CESTAubagne  France  April 20  2023First-quarter results 2023 of Sartorius Stedim BiotechSales revenue of 726 million euros  in constant currencies 1 -18.4 percent organically 1 and -17.2 percent including acquisitions 2 (reported: -15.8 percent)Underlying EBITDA 1 at 220 million euros  resulting margin at 30.3 percentFull-year outlook confirmed; uncertainties remain high due to the global political and economic situationAfter the Covid-19-related business and inventory buildup by customers had triggered strong additional growth momentum in previous years  demand normalization at Sartorius Stedim Biotech continued throughout the first quarter of 2023  as expected  and led to a decline in sales revenue and earnings in the first three months of the year. For the full year  company management continues to expect moderate growth in sales revenue and a profit margin around the high prior-year level .”Given the volatile environment and challenging comparisons  the first three months of the year were intense. As expected  destocking activities by customers continued and the Covid-19-related business has become marginal. While we adjusted our short-term capacities to current demand and have a strict eye on cost  our expectation remains unchanged that the normalization effects will play no significant role in the second half of the year. We therefore confirm our outlook for the full year 2023 though the economic environment also in our sector is currently highly uncertain ” said René Fáber  CEO of Sartorius Stedim Biotech. “At the same time  we initiated an important acquisition in the first quarter with the proposed takeover of the French company Polyplus  and continued with our ambitious investment program  underlying our confidence in the strong fundamentals of the biopharma market. Innovative therapies are gaining traction  customers’ pipelines are healthy  and we are well positioned to support them in their efforts to bring novel medications to market.”Business development 1As expected  normalization of demand  which has been ongoing since the third quarter of 2022  continued in the first quarter of 2023 in all regions  while Covid-19-related sales revenue almost declined entirely. In the first three months  Sartorius Stedim Biotech generated sales revenue of 726 million euros   which corresponds to a decrease of 17.2 percent in constant currencies ( organic: -18.4 percent; reported: - 15.8 percent) compared with the exceptionally high level of the prior-year period. Excluding the Covid-19-related business  the decline was in the upper single-digit percentage range.Following an exceptionally strong prior-year period  order intake 1 reached 601 million euros (in constant currencies: -37.5 percent  reported: -36.7 percent)  mainly due to the reduction of inventories that customers had built up during the pandemic.U nderlying EBITDA decreased by 27.5 percent to 220 million euros in the first three months of the year as a result of the sales revenue drop and a higher cost base. The resulting margin was 30.3 percent  compared with 35.2 percent in prior-year period. Price effects on the procurement and customer sides largely offset each other.Relevant net profit 1 was 131 million euros  compared with 203 million euros in the first quarter of 2022. Underlying earnings per share stood at 1.43 euros (prior-year period: 2.21 euros). The number of employees worldwide was 11 581 on March 31  2023  compared with 11 934 at the end of 2022.Key financial indicatorsSartorius Stedim Biotech continues to have a very sound balance sheet and financial base. Equity was 2 454 million euros as of March 31  2023  corresponding to an equity ratio 1 of 48.2 percent (December 31  2022: 2 514 million euros and 49.6 percent  respectively)  and gross debt was 1 307 million euros (December 31  2022: 1 136 million euros). Net debt stood at 1 213 million euros  resulting in a ratio of net debt to underlying EBITDA1 of 1.1 (December 31  2022: 1 029 million euros and 0.8  respectively). Cash flow from investing activities was -116 million euros  compared with -77 million euros in the first quarter of 2022. The ratio of capital expenditures (CAPEX) to sales revenue was 16.0 percent (prior-year period: 8.9 percent).Outlook for fiscal 2023The management confirms its outlook for the current fiscal year. Accordingly  c onsolidated sales revenue is expected to increase by an amount in the low single-digit percentage range. Excluding the Covid-19-related business  the increase would be in the mid to high single-digit percentage range. Acquisitions are anticipated to contribute around 1 percentage point to growth   with the proposed purchase of Polyplus not being included in the projection . The Group’s underlying EBITDA margin should be around the level of the prior year (35.0 percent).The company is continuing its comprehensive mid-term capacity expansion program. In 2023  the CAPEX ratio should be at roughly 12.5 percent and the ratio of net debt to underlying EBITDA at about 0.5. Possible acquisitions   including the proposed acquisition of Polyplus  are not included in this projection.All forecasts are based on constant currencies  as in the past years. In addition  management points out that the dynamics and volatilities in the life science and biopharma sectors have significantly increased over the past years. Moreover  the forecasts are based on the assumption of no deterioration in the geopolitical and global economic situation  particularly with regard to supply chains and trade barriers. Accordingly  current forecasts show higher uncertainties than usual.1 Sartorius Stedim Biotech publishes alternative performance measures that are not defined by international accounting standards. These are determined with the aim of improving the comparability of business performance over time and within the industry.Constant currencies: Figures given in constant currencies eliminate the impact of changes in exchange rates by applying the same exchange rate for the current and the previous periodOrganic: Organic growth figures exclude the impact from changes in exchange rates and changes in the scope of consolidationOrder intake: all customer orders contractually concluded and booked during the respective reporting periodUnderlying EBITDA: earnings before interest  taxes  depreciation and amortization and adjusted for extraordinary itemsRelevant net profit: profit for the period after non-controlling interest  adjusted for extraordinary items and amortization  as well as based on the normalized financial result and the normalized tax rateEquity ratio: Equity in relation to the balance sheet totalRatio of net debt to underlying EBITDA: quotient of net debt and underlying EBITDA over the past 12 months  including the pro forma amount contributed by acquisitions for this period2 Acquisitions of the Novasep chromatography division and AlbumedixThis press release contains forward-looking statements about the future development of the Sartorius Stedim Biotech Group. Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Sartorius Stedim Biotech assumes no liability for updating such statements in light of new information or future events. Sartorius Stedim Biotech shall not assume any liability for the correctness of this release. The original French press release is the legally binding version.Conference callRené Fáber  CEO of the Sartorius Stedim Biotech Group  will discuss the company’s business results with analysts and investors in a conference call at 3.30 p.m. CEST on April 20  2023. You may register by clicking on the following link: https://media.choruscall.eu/mediaframe/webcast.html?webcastid=yQc2mAvcFurther informationFinancial calendarJuly 21  2023: Publication of the first-half figures (January to June 2023)October 19  2023: Publication of nine-month figures (January to September 2023)A profile of Sartorius Stedim BiotechSartorius Stedim Biotech is a leading international partner of the biopharmaceutical industry. As a provider of innovative solutions  the company based in Aubagne  France  helps its customers to manufacture biotech medications safely  rapidly and economically. The shares of Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. are quoted on the Euronext Paris. The company has a strong global reach with manufacturing and R&D sites as well as sales entities in Europe  North America and Asia. Sartorius Stedim Biotech delivers significant organic growth and regularly expands its portfolio through acquisitions of complementary technologies. In fiscal 2022  the company generated sales revenue of around 3.5 billion euros. At the end of 2022  around 12 000 employees were working for customers around the globe.ContactPetra KirchhoffHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations+49 (0)551 308 1686petra.kirchhoff@sartorius.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.22,0.25,0.54,True,English,"['Sartorius Stedim Biotech SA', 'First-quarter results', 'mid to high single-digit percentage range', 'comprehensive mid-term capacity expansion program', 'upper single-digit percentage range', 'low single-digit percentage range', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech SA', 'strong additional growth momentum', 'ambitious investment program', 'René Fáber', 'sound balance sheet', 'first three months', 'U nderlying EBITDA', 'high prior-year level', 'Key financial indicators', 'Relevant net profit', 'strong prior-year period', 'sales revenue drop', 'higher cost base', 'underlying EBITDA margin', 'Covid-19-related sales revenue', 'current fiscal year', '1 percentage point', 'high level', 'strong fundamentals', 'financial base', 'profit margin', 'Key word', 'first quarter', 'moderate growth', 'Net debt', 'underlying EBITDA1', 'resulting margin', 'Covid-19-related business', 'current demand', 'Quarter Results', 'constant currencies', 'global political', 'economic situation', 'inventory buildup', 'previous years', 'volatile environment', 'challenging comparisons', 'destocking activities', 'short-term capacities', 'strict eye', 'significant role', 'second half', 'economic environment', 'same time', 'important acquisition', 'Innovative therapies', 'novel medications', 'Business development', 'third quarter', 'order intake', 'Price effects', 'customer sides', 'gross debt', 'Cash flow', 'investing activities', 'capital expenditures', 'The Group', 'Underlying earnings', 'normalization effects', 'French company', '726 million euros', '220 million euros', '601 million euros', '203 million euros', '54 million euros', '2,514 million euros', '1,307 million euros', '1,136 million euros', 'full year', 'prior year', 'Full-year outlook', 'biopharma market', 'demand normalization', 'customers’ pipelines', 'company management', 'equity ratio', '1.43 euros', '2.21 euros', '131 million', '1,213 million', '29 million', '07:00 CET', 'CEST', 'Aubagne', 'France', 'April', 'acquisitions', '30.3 percent', 'uncertainties', 'decline', 'expectation', 'sector', 'CEO', 'takeover', 'Polyplus', 'confidence', 'efforts', 'regions', 'decrease', '17.2 percent', '18.4 percent', '15.8 percent', 'reduction', 'inventories', 'pandemic', '27.5 percent', '35.2 percent', 'procurement', 'share', 'number', 'employees', 'March', '48.2 percent', 'December', '49.6 percent', 'CAPEX', '16.0 percent', '8.9 percent', 'amount', 'increase', 'purchase', 'projection', '35.0 percent']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23422,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SRP-GROUPE-24530545/news/Srp-Groupe-2023-FIRST-QUARTER-REVENUE-SHOWROOMPRIVE-CONFIRMS-ITS-RETURN-TO-GROWTH-12--43594329/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Srp Groupe :  2023 FIRST QUARTER REVENUE: SHOWROOMPRIVÉ CONFIRMS ITS RETURN TO GROWTH (+12%),(marketscreener.com)  Showroomprivé records growth in its business for the third consecutive quarter  with a gross merchandise volume of €240 million and a net revenue of €155.7 million .The attractiveness of the offers enabled the Group to recruit new cu…,"Showroomprivé records growth in its business for the third consecutive quarter  with a gross merchandise volume of €240 million (+17%) and a net revenue of €155.7 million (+12%).The attractiveness of the offers enabled the Group to recruit new customers and increase their average basket size.The Group was able to rely on its growth drivers - Marketplace  Travel and Leisure segment  International  SRP services - which confirmed their strong dynamics.Thanks to its appeal with the millennials  its highly attractive clientele  The Bradery boosts the Group's performance adding 5.4 points of growth.Showroomprivé continues to focus on profitability by continuing to work on its gross margin and the rationalisation of its logistics network.La Plaine Saint Denis  April 20  2023 - Showroomprivé (SRP Groupe)  a European group specialising in smartshopping  has published its revenue for the first quarter ended March 31  2023.Showroomprivé reports a strong quarter in a more stable environmentAs expected  Showroomprivé's growth momentum since the second half of 2022  accelerated significantly over the first quarter of 2023  with the Group recording revenue of €155.7m  up 12.3%. Showroomprivé's teams were able to capitalise on a more stable macroeconomic environment  a normalised comparison basis and an abundant offer from brands that suffered from winter sales with mixed success.The acquisition of The Bradery continues to bear fruit  contributing to an incremental growth of 5.4 percentage points on top of the Group's organic growth of 6.9%. Its sales grew by more than 33% confirming the strong potential of its highly desirable clientele  the millennials.International business grew at a slightly higher rate than in France  recording 17% growth.Travel & Leisure segment continues to grow its GMV by 27%.The Marketplace confirms its role as a growth driver  with gross merchandise volume growing by 38%. SRP Services posted 28% growth despite a still deteriorated advertising market.At the same time  Showroomprivé has improved its purchasing conditions thanks to a strengthened negotiating power with brands and has begun to rationalise its logistics network  in particular in order to gradually integrate The Bradery.David Dayan  Chairman and CEO of Showroomprivé  comments on the start of the financial year: ""In the first quarter of the year  Showroomprivé confirmed its ability to return to sustainable growth  in line with our ambition. We have been able to take advantage of a more stable environment thanks to the diversity and strength of our growth drivers  whether it be our B2C offerings (Marketplace  Travel & Leisure segment) or our B2B offerings with SRP Services. The Bradery also achieved a good commercial performance  which strengthens the Group's position among the millennials  a strategic clientele. Confident in our ability to generate growth in a demanding environment  we will continue to deploy our ACE (Adapt  Consolidate  Expand) roadmap to meet the new expectations of our customers  aim for operational excellence and deploy our growth drivers  while remaining very strict in terms of cost control.”2023 FIRST QUARTER REVENUERevenue analysis(in € millions) Q1 2022 Q1 2023 % chg.Q1 23/22 Internet revenue France 112.9 124.3 10.1% International 23.8 27.9 17.1% Total Internet revenue 136.7 152.1 11.3% Other income 1.9 3.6 89.2% Net revenue 138.6 155.7 12.3%In the 1st quarter of 2023  Showroomprivé posted net sales of €155.7 million  compared with €138.6 million in the same quarter of the previous year  representing growth of 12.3% (6.9% on a like-for-like basis). In a consumer environment still under pressure but not impacted by a major crisis and with a normalised comparison basis  the group was able to rely on its growth drivers and capitalise on the quality of its portfolio of renowned brands at discounted price  particularly sought after in a context of reduced purchasing power.Internet sales in France amounted to €124.3 million  up 10.1% compared to the 1st quarter 2022. The Fashion segment recorded a strong increase in its activity  benefiting from the increase in brand's inventories after the difficult conditions of the late for physical retail. The Home segment is also doing well. The Travel and Leisure segment confirmed its status as a growth driver  with a +27% increase in GMV and continued to rise in the group's business mix. Beauté privée  for its part  recorded sales down 4.8%  but its showing however the first signs of operational improvement  including the end of the organisational and supply issues that were penalising over the previous quarters.In a difficult environment marked by the reduction of brands' marketing budgets and pricing pressures  SRP Services nevertheless managed to increase its client base and recorded sales growth of +28%.Internationally  revenue grew faster than in France  with a 17.1% increase to €27.9m. The Group continues to develop in its strategic geographical areas.In line with its strategy  Showroomprivé maintains a diversified mix of sales models.Revenues from other activities (physical wholesale destocking of unsold goods or Internet returns) amounted to €3.6 million  a slight increase in absolute terms  reflecting our good inventory management. The performance of the outlet has enabled us to reduce the remaining inventory to be sold through this channel.Key performance indicatorsD((in € millions) Q1 2022 Q1 2023 % chg.Q1 22/23 Business volume (GMV) 205.6 240.0 16.7% Cumulative buyers* (in millions) 11.4 12.1 6.2% Buyers** (in millions ) 2 1.2 1.2 1.9% of which repeat buyers***. 1.0 1.0 3.3% As % of total number of buyers 88% 87% -1.3pt Number of orders (in millions)2 2.5 2.6 1.1% Revenue per buyer (IFRS)2 106.9 111.9 4.7% Average number of orders per buyer 2.1 2.1 -0.7% Average basket size 49.8 52.5 5.5%* All buyers who have made at least one purchase on the Group's platform since its launch** Member having placed at least one order during the year*** Member who has placed at least one order during the year and at least one order in previous yearsGMV reached €240m  up 17% compared to 1st quarter 2022. The number of cumulative buyers exceeds twelve million  representing an increase of 6.2% compared to 1st quarter 2022. The rate of repeat buyers stabilises at a high level of 87%.The average basket size is up by €2.7 compared to 1st quarter 2022 (+5.5%) to €52.5  mainly due to the premiumisation of the offer  which translates into a growing revenue per buyer of €111.9.OUTLOOKThe Group expects business to continue to recover over the next few quarters  despite sustained limited visibility due to the economic environment. In order to cope with the volatility of the market  Showroomprivé will focus on improving its gross margin by remaining vigilant with regard to its purchasing conditions and inventory levels. The teams will continue to focus on controlling operating expenses and on deploying the ACE roadmap for a profitable and cash-generating growth in the medium term:dapt the value proposition.onsolidate and strengthen operational delivery.xpand by capitalising on growth driversFurther information2023 First-half results  on July 26  2023FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains only summary information and is not intended to be comprehensive.This press release may contain forward-looking information and statements about the Group and its subsidiaries. These statements include financial projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives and expectations with respect to future operations  products and services  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the words “believe”  “expect”  “anticipate”  “goal” or similar expressions. Although the Group believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors and the Group's shareholders are advised that forward-looking information and statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and are generally beyond the control of the Group  which could cause actual results and developments to differ materially and adversely from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include those discussed or identified in filings with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (France's financial markets authority) made or to be made by the Group (particularly those detailed in Chapter 4 of the Company's registration document). The Group makes no commitment to publicly update its forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.About showroomprivéShowroomprivé is an innovative European player in the online private sales industry  specialized in fashion. Showroomprivé offers a daily selection of more than 3 000 brand partners via its mobile apps or website in France and six other countries. Since its launch in 2006  the company has enjoyed rapid growth.Showroomprivé is listed on Euronext Paris (code: SRP) and reported GMV of almost €950 million incl. VAT in 2022  and net revenue of €657 million. The Group is headed by David Dayan  the co-founder  and employs over 1 000 people.For more information: http://showroomprivegroup.comContactsShowroomprivé NewCap Sylvie Chan Diaz  Investor Relations investor.relations@showroomprive.net Financial communicationsThéo Martin  Louis-Victor Delouvrier Anne-Charlotte Neau Julliardanne-charlotte.neau-juillard@showroomprive.net Financial media relationsGaelle Fromaigeat  Nicolas MerigeauGross Merchandise Volume (GMV) is the total amount of transactions invoiced  including all taxes. It therefore includes gross online sales  including sales on the Marketplace  other services and other incomeExcluding Beauté Privée and The Bradery.This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mGhtZZucZ2/KmnFyasdmmWRla2aTk5XKa2LHyZZrZJyUnJpmxZmSaJvKZnBqmWpt- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Quarterly financial reporting:- First quarter financial report Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79457-20230420_eng-q1-results-srp-groupe_final.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.37,0.1,0.52,True,English,"['FIRST QUARTER REVENUE', 'Srp Groupe', 'ITS RETURN', 'SHOWROOMPRIVÉ', 'GROWTH', '2023', 'La Plaine Saint Denis', 'average basket size', 'Beauté privée', 'gross merchandise volume', 'strategic geographical areas', 'third consecutive quarter', 'good commercial performance', 'reduced purchasing power', ""brands' marketing budgets"", 'Total Internet revenue', 'The Fashion segment', 'The Home segment', 'stable macroeconomic environment', 'normalised comparison basis', 'Group recording revenue', 'FIRST QUARTER REVENUE', 'gross margin', 'stable environment', 'purchasing conditions', 'negotiating power', 'strategic clientele', 'Leisure segment', 'strong quarter', '1st quarter', 'same quarter', 'Internet sales', 'The Bradery', 'first signs', 'demanding environment', 'consumer environment', 'difficult environment', 'Revenue analysis', 'SRP services', 'strong dynamics', 'attractive clientele', 'logistics network', 'SRP Groupe', 'second half', 'abundant offer', 'mixed success', 'strong potential', 'desirable clientele', 'higher rate', 'advertising market', 'same time', 'David Dayan', 'B2C offerings', 'B2B offerings', 'new expectations', 'operational excellence', 'cost control', 'Other income', 'major crisis', 'discounted price', 'difficult conditions', 'physical retail', 'operational improvement', 'supply issues', 'previous quarters', 'pricing pressures', 'client base', 'diversified mix', 'renowned brands', 'winter sales', 'sales models', 'The Group', 'financial year', 'previous year', 'business mix', 'growth drivers', 'growth momentum', 'incremental growth', 'organic growth', 'sustainable growth', 'The Marketplace', 'new customers', 'European group', '5.4 percentage points', 'The Travel', 'sales growth', 'strong increase', 'International business', '17% growth', '28% growth', '5.4 points', '+27% increase', '17.1% increase', 'Showroomprivé', 'attractiveness', 'offers', 'appeal', 'millennials', 'profitability', 'rationalisation', 'April', 'smartshopping', 'teams', 'acquisition', 'fruit', 'top', 'France', 'GMV', 'role', 'order', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'start', 'line', 'ambition', 'advantage', 'diversity', 'strength', 'position', 'roadmap', 'terms', '€ millions', 'Q1', 'quality', 'portfolio', 'context', 'activity', 'inventories', 'status', 'part', 'end', 'organisational', 'reduction', 'strategy', 'Revenues']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23423,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GUERBET-5011/news/Guerbet-Q1-2023-Revenue-43594153/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Guerbet: Q1 2023 Revenue,(marketscreener.com) Q1 2023 RevenueQuarterly activity • Revenue: €179.8 million  down slightly by 1.3% at CER • Dynamic activity in EMEA   increase in Asia   expected drop in the Americas Annual objectives reaffirmed• 2023 revenue up more than 5% on a like-f…,Q1 2023 RevenueQuarterly activity• Revenue: €179.8 million  down slightly by 1.3% at CER• Dynamic activity in EMEA (+7.3% at CER)  increase in Asia (+2.2% at CER)  expected drop in the Americas (-17.1% at CER)Annual objectives reaffirmed• 2023 revenue up more than 5% on a like-for-like basis and at CER• Restated EBITDA margin : around 11% in 2023 before returning to a level higher in 2024 than in 2021 (14.4%)Villepinte  Thursday  April 20  2023 - Guerbet (FR0000032526 GBT)  a global specialist in contrast agents and solutions for medical imaging  has reported revenue for its first fiscal quarter. At March 31  2023  the Group’s sales totaled €179.8 million  down slightly by 0.7% from the same period in 2022 (€181.1 million). The business activity incorporates a favorable foreign exchange impact of €1.1 million. At constant exchange rates (CER)  Q1 revenue was down 1.3%.This decrease is fully in with the Group’s expectations expressed when the annual results were reported in March. As a reminder  Guerbet has indicated that it is targeting stronger growth in its 2023 activity in the second half of the year than in the first  given the upgrading of the industrial activity at the Raleigh (North Carolina) site and the gradual ramp-up of sales of EluciremTM.1 At constant exchange rates: the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous fiscal year.2 Excluding extraordinary costs relating to optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model.Geographical distribution of consolidated group revenue (IFRS)In millions of euros at March 31  2023 Q1 2022Q1 2023at current exchange ratesChange (%)Q1 2023at constant exchange rates1Change (%)Sales in EMEA 82.6 88.7 +7.3% 88.6 +7.3% Sales in Americas 54.6 47.5 -13.1% 45.3 -17.1% Sales in Asia 43.8 43.7 -0.3% 44.8 +2.2% Total 181.1 179.8 -0.7% 178.7 -1.3%1 Constant exchange rates: the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous fiscal year.In the EMEA region  the Group’s activity in the first quarter showed sustained growth (+7.3% at CER) thanks to its good performance in both volumes and prices  especially in the German market  which is currently benefiting from significant price increases.In the Americas  sales for the first three months of the year were down 13.1%  including a positive foreign exchange impact of €2.2 million. At CER  revenue was down 17.1%.Commercial activity in the Americas continued to be impacted in the first quarter by last year’s production delays in Raleigh stemming from considerable recruitment difficulties until summer  the necessary time to train new staff  and the adaptation of the EluciremTM production lines in Q4 2022.In Asia  the Group’s Q1 sales were stable  up 2.2% at CER. This performance is satisfactory given a high basis of comparison after a 2022 fiscal year marked by the implementation of direct distribution in China.Distribution of consolidated group revenue by activity (IFRS)In millions of euros at March 31  2023 Q1 2022Q1 2023at current exchange ratesChange (%)Q1 2023at constant exchange rates1Change (%)Diagnostic Imaging 160.7 160.0 -0.4% 159.1 -1.0% MRI 59.6 60.7 +1.8% 59.9 +0.7% X-Ray 101.1 99.4 -1.7% 99.2 -1.9% Interventional Imaging 20.4 19.8 -2.7% 19.6 -3.8% Total 181.1 179.8 -0.7% 178.7 -1.3%1 Constant exchange rates: the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous fiscal year.Diagnostic Imaging revenue was down 1.0% at CER in Q1 2023.MRI activity increased slightly over the period by 0.7% at CER. The first boxes of Elucirem TM were delivered in the United States in March.activity increased slightly over the period by 0.7% at CER. The first boxes of Elucirem were delivered in the United States in March. X-ray revenue at CER was down 1.9%  reflecting lower volumes of Optiray® (impact of production delays at Raleigh)  while sales of Xenetix® (+17.7%) and injection solutions (+9.5%) remained very strong.In Interventional Imaging  activity was down 3.8% at CER from the same period of the previous fiscal year because a large order in the United States was postponed to Q2 2023.Confirmation of financial objectives for 2023 and 2024After a start to the year still disrupted commercially by production delays in Raleigh  the Group remains confident in its ability to meet its ambitions for this fiscal year and the next. Guerbet operates in a contrast agent market driven by structural growth in volumes as well as  since 2022  positive price effects that should fully offset cost inflation  especially for raw materials  by 2024.Given these circumstances  Guerbet is reaffirming its financial objectives. For the current fiscal year  revenue growth is expected to exceed 5% on a like-for-like basis and at CER. In terms of profitability  the Group is anticipating a restated EBITDA/revenue margin1 of around 11% before returning to a level in 2024 higher than the 2021 level (14.4%).1 Excluding extraordinary costs relating to optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model.Upcoming events:Reporting of first-half revenueJuly 20  2023  after tradingAbout GuerbetAt Guerbet  we build lasting relationships so that we enable people to live better. That is our purpose. We are a global leader in medical imaging  offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and AI solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging. As pioneers in contrast products for 95 years  with more than 2 830 employees worldwide  we continuously innovate and devote 8% to 10% of our revenue to research and development in five centers in France  Israel  and the United States. Guerbet (GBT) is listed on Euronext Paris (segment B – mid caps) and generated €753 million in revenue in 2022. For more information  please visit www.guerbet.com .Forward-looking statementsCertain information contained in this press release does not reflect historical data but constitutes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates  forecasts  and assumptions  including but not limited to assumptions about the current and future strategy of the Group and the economic environment in which the Group operates. They involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors that may result in a significant difference between the Group’s actual performance and results and those presented explicitly or implicitly by these forward-looking statements.These forward-looking statements are valid only as of the date of this press release  and the Group expressly disclaims any obligation or commitment to publish an update or revision of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect changes in their underlying assumptions  events  conditions  or circumstances. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are for illustrative purposes only. Forward-looking statements and information are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and are generally beyond the Group’s control.These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analyses (including after a marketing authorization is granted)  decisions by regulatory authorities (such as the US Food and Drug Administration or the European Medicines Agency) regarding whether and when to approve any application for a drug  process  or biological product filed for any such product candidates  and their decisions regarding labeling and other factors that may affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. A detailed description of the risks and uncertainties related to the Group’s activities can be found in Chapter 4.9 “Risk factors” of the Group’s Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF (French financial markets authority) under number D.23-0203 on March 31  2023  available on the Group’s website ( www.guerbet.com ).ContactsGuerbet ActifinJérôme EstampesChief Financial Officer+33 (0)1 45 91 50 00Claire LauvernierCommunication Director+33 (0)6 79 52 11 88Financial CommunicationsMarianne Py+33 (0)1 56 88 11 25mpy@actifin.frPressJennifer Jullia+33 (0)1 56 88 11 19jjullia@actifin.frAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.22,0.4,True,English,"['Q1 2023 Revenue', 'Guerbet', 'constant exchange rates1 Change', 'favorable foreign exchange impact', 'current exchange rates Change', 'positive foreign exchange impact', 'positive price effects', '1 Constant exchange rates', 'exchange rate impact', 'North Carolina) site', 'significant price increases', 'considerable recruitment difficulties', 'current fiscal year', 'first three months', 'contrast agent market', 'previous fiscal year', 'first fiscal quarter', 'EluciremTM production lines', 'Diagnostic Imaging revenue', 'consolidated group revenue', '2022 fiscal year', 'first quarter', 'contrast agents', 'German market', 'first boxes', 'production delays', 'medical imaging', 'Interventional Imaging', 'last year', 'Annual objectives', 'EBITDA margin', 'global specialist', 'annual results', 'stronger growth', 'second half', 'gradual ramp-up', 'extraordinary costs', 'operational structure', 'sustained growth', 'necessary time', 'new staff', 'United States', 'large order', 'financial objectives', 'structural growth', 'cost inflation', 'raw materials', 'revenue growth', 'Geographical distribution', 'direct distribution', 'Quarterly activity', 'Dynamic activity', 'business activity', 'industrial activity', 'Commercial activity', 'good performance', 'Elucirem TM', 'injection solutions', 'EMEA region', 'lower volumes', 'X-ray revenue', 'same period', 'Q1 revenue', 'sales model', 'high basis', 'MRI activity', 'Q1 sales', '2023 revenue', '2023 activity', 'CER', 'Asia', 'drop', 'Americas', 'level', 'Villepinte', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Guerbet', 'GBT', 'March', 'decrease', 'expectations', 'reminder', 'upgrading', 'Raleigh', 'optimization', 'changes', 'IFRS', 'millions', 'euros', 'prices', 'summer', 'adaptation', 'Q4', 'comparison', 'implementation', 'China', 'Optiray®', 'Xenetix®', 'Q2', 'Confirmation', 'start', 'ability', 'ambitions', 'circumstances', 'terms', '0.']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23424,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/IPSOS-4663/news/Ipsos-delayed-revenue-but-positive-momentum-on-the-order-book-43594047/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Ipsos: delayed revenue but positive momentum on the order book,(marketscreener.com) Delayed revenue but positive momentum on the order bookOrganic growth: -2.8%Organic growth excluding Covid contracts: +0.6%Organic order book excluding Covid contracts: +3.3%  picking up during the quarterAnnual outlook confirmed Paris  A…,Delayed revenue but positive momentumon the order bookOrganic growth: -2.8%Organic growth excluding Covid contracts: +0.6%Organic order book excluding Covid contracts: +3.3% picking up during the quarterAnnual outlook confirmedParis  April 20  2023 - First-quarter revenues amounted to 532 million euros  down 2.9% compared with last year. Changes in scope and exchange rates had little impact this quarter (-0.1%). Organic growth was -2.8%. As stated at our 2022 annual results  a tougher first quarter was expected due to strong adverse base effects:The cliff edge end of the large Covid pandemic contracts  which were still generating major revenue in early 2022. Excluding the effect of these contracts  our business grew by 0.6%. As these contracts ended in March 2022  they will no longer have an impact on future quarterly results.The very strong organic growth in the first quarter of 2022 (12.3%)  resulting from the post-pandemic rebound  particularly in the Americas  and a strong performance in China before the 2022 lockdowns.In addition to these base effects  Q1 activity has been adversely affected by two other factors:In a global context of uncertainty  some clients showed a wait-and-see approach to spending in late 2022 and early 2023  in particular certain major Tech clients undergoing reorganization in the United States.China's recovery following the abandonment of the zero-Covid policy has led to strong lag effects between Q1 order book and revenues. In China  revenues declined organically in Q1 by 3.9%  while the order book grew organically by more than 13% between January and March.Given the cyclical nature of our business and the smaller scope of the first quarter  revenue growth in this quarter is not representative of growth for the year. Meanwhile  the order book at the end of March  which historically represents more than half of the year's revenues  is showing good momentum. Excluding Covid contracts  it has been picking up over the last few months  with organic growth of 3.3% at the end of the first quarter and 6.4% for the month of March alone.Revenue in the first quarter of 2023 is the Group's second-best ever performance and demonstrates the resilience of the Ipsos model over the long term: Q1 2023 organic growth was up 9% compared to Q1 2021 and up 25% compared to Q1 2019.Revenue by quarter(millions of euros) 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 1st Quarter 532.0 547.8 466.3 428.7 422.1 2nd Quarter 574.0 527.0 357.3 481.3 3rd Quarter 601.5 526.3 468.6 499.4 4th Quarter 682.1 627.1 582.9 600.5 Total - 2 405.3 2 146.7 1 837.4 2 003.3PERFORMANCE BY REGIONIn millions of Euros Revenue Q1 2023 Contribution ChangeQ1 2023/Q1 2022 Organic growth Reminder: Organic growthQ1 2022 vs. Q1 2021 EMEA 229.8 43% -8.7% -6% 5% Americas 211.6 40% 5.0% 1% 22% Asia-Pacific 90.6 17% -4.1% -2% 15% Annual revenue 532.0 100% -2.9% -2.8% 12.3 %By region  our activity in EMEA showed an organic decline of 6%  adversely affected  as expected  by the effects of the war in Ukraine and the end of the major Covid contracts which were concentrated in this region. Excluding the effect of these contracts  underlying organic activity grew by more than 1%.Organic growth in the Americas was 1%. This reflects the contrasting realities of a very strong performance in Latin America (organic growth of over 9%) and a generally stable activity in North America  where after an excellent year in 2022 (22% organic growth over the region)  the restructuring by some Big Tech clients has temporarily weighed on Q1 results. That said  in the United States  the improvement in our order book (3.3% organic growth in Q1) and the excellent performance of our Data Analytics and Ipsos.Digital businesses give us confidence for the coming months.While India continues to show very positive momentum  with organic growth of over 20%  business in Asia-Pacific - with an organic decline of 2% - continued to suffer at the beginning of the year from the effects of the zero-Covid policy in China. The end of the lockdowns has already resulted in an upturn in our order book (organic growth of over 13% in the first quarter)  which will translate into revenues in the coming quarters.PERFORMANCE BY AUDIENCEIn millions of Euros RevenueQ1 2023 Contribution Organic growth vs.Q1 2022 Reminder: Organic growthQ1 2022 vs. Q1 2021 Consumers1 251.0 47% 1% 20% Clients and employees2 117.3 22% 0% 17% Citizens3 85.9 16% -13% -7% Doctors and patients4 77.9 15% -5% 11% Annual revenue 532.0 100% -2.8% 12.3%Breakdown of Service Lines by audience segment:1- Brand Health Tracking  Creative Excellence  Innovation  Ipsos UU  Ipsos MMA  Market Strategy & Understanding  Observer (excluding public sector)  Social Intelligence Analytics  Strategy32- Automotive & Mobility Development  Audience Measurement  Customer Experience  Channel Performance (including Mystery Shopping and Shopper)  Media Development  ERM  Capabilities3- Public Affairs  Corporate Reputation4- Pharma (quantitative and qualitative)Our clients and employees and consumers research activities remained broadly stable after a very strong performance last year. While reorganizations at Big Tech clients have weighed on performance  measuring and understanding consumer behaviors remains essential for our clients  as evidenced by the strong performance of our brand health tracking  customer experience and marketing management analytics activities. Our Ipsos.Digital platform also continues to expand rapidly with 36% growth in Q1.Our citizens research for government and the public sector decreased by 13%  reflecting the end of the large Covid contracts in March last year. However  the underlying work for the Public Sector grew by 8% (organic)  showing the continued need of governments and institutions to inform public policy decisions as effectively as possible with reliable data.Finally  our business with doctors and patients is down by 5%  again after a very good year in 2022  partly due to delays in decision-making by certain major clients in the pharmaceutical industry.OTHER INFORMATION ABOUT BUSINESS CONDITIONS DURING THE FIRST QUARTERThe productivity gains linked to the automation and digitization of our processes are enabling us to secure our operating margin target for the year.Net debt at March 31  2023 was EUR 23 million (compared to EUR 69 million at December 31  2022)  which includes share buybacks for a total of EUR 33 million since January 1.OUTLOOKWhile we are subject to the vagaries of global uncertainties and despite the tough comparison with Q1 2022  we remain confident in our ability to achieve organic growth of around 5% and an operating margin of around 13% this year.After a wait-and-see period  particularly in the United States  and the end of the zero-Covid policy in China  our order book at the end of March  excluding Covid contracts  picked up during the first quarter and grew organically by 3.3%. It represents 53% of our budget for 2023  a level comparable to the average of recent years.We are continuing to deploy our 2025 strategic plan ‘The Heart of Science and Data’. We have identified interesting acquisition targets in the public affairs  healthcare and technology sectors  particularly in the United States. An update on our plan will be presented at the Investor Day on June 14.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally  operating in 90 markets and employing nearly 20 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 business solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.“Game Changers” – our tagline – summarizes our ambition to help our 5 000 clients navigate with confidence our rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and Mid-60 indices and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FP www.ipsos.comAttachment,positive,0.67,0.04,0.29,mixed,0.37,0.11,0.52,True,English,"['positive momentum', 'order book', 'Ipsos', 'revenue', '1- Brand Health Tracking', 'Corporate Reputation 4- Pharma', 'large Covid pandemic contracts', 'strong adverse base effects', 'two other factors', 'Social Intelligence Analytics', 'future quarterly results', 'Ipsos.Digital businesses', 'strong lag effects', 'Big Tech clients', 'major Tech clients', 'Organic growth Reminder', 'major Covid contracts', 'underlying organic activity', 'strong organic growth', 'tougher first quarter', 'Organic order book', 'Q1 order book', 'Data Analytics', 'strong performance', '2022 annual results', '22% organic growth', 'Ipsos model', 'Ipsos UU', 'Ipsos MMA', 'major revenue', 'organic decline', 'positive momentum', 'Annual outlook', 'exchange rates', 'post-pandemic rebound', 'global context', 'United States', 'zero-Covid policy', 'cyclical nature', 'good momentum', 'long term', 'contrasting realities', 'Latin America', 'stable activity', 'North America', 'coming quarters', 'Service Lines', 'Creative Excellence', 'Market Strategy', 'public sector', 'Mobility Development', 'Customer Experience', 'Mystery Shopping', 'Media Development', 'Public Affairs', '1st Quarter', '2nd Quarter', '3rd Quarter', '4th Quarter', 'Q1 results', 'audience segment', 'Audience Measurement', 'revenue growth', 'excellent performance', 'Channel Performance', 'Annual revenue', '532 million euros', 'little impact', 'smaller scope', 'Contribution Change', 'coming months', 'Q1 activity', 'excellent year', 'First-quarter revenues', 'edge end', 'Euros Revenue', 'last year', 'Q1 2023', 'Paris', 'April', 'Changes', 'early', 'March', 'Americas', 'China', '2022 lockdowns', 'addition', 'uncertainty', 'wait', 'approach', 'late', 'reorganization', 'recovery', 'abandonment', 'January', 'half', 'Group', 'best', 'resilience', 'millions', 'REGION', 'EMEA', 'Asia-Pacific', 'war', 'Ukraine', 'restructuring', 'improvement', 'confidence', 'India', 'beginning', 'upturn', 'Consumers1', 'employees2', 'Citizens3', 'Doctors', 'patients4', 'Breakdown', 'Innovation', 'Understanding', 'Observer', 'Strategy3', 'Automotive', 'Shopper', 'Capabilities', 'qualitative', '0.']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23425,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/20/2651335/0/en/Guerbet-Q1-2023-Revenue.html,Guerbet: Q1 2023 Revenue,Q1 2023 RevenueQuarterly activity       • Revenue: €179.8 million  down slightly by 1.3% at CER • Dynamic activity in EMEA (+7.3% at CER)  increase in...,English FrenchQ1 2023 RevenueQuarterly activity• Revenue: €179.8 million  down slightly by 1.3% at CER• Dynamic activity in EMEA (+7.3% at CER)  increase in Asia (+2.2% at CER)  expected drop in the Americas (-17.1% at CER)Annual objectives reaffirmed• 2023 revenue up more than 5% on a like-for-like basis and at CER• Restated EBITDA margin : around 11% in 2023 before returning to a level higher in 2024 than in 2021 (14.4%)Villepinte  Thursday  April 20  2023 - Guerbet (FR0000032526 GBT)  a global specialist in contrast agents and solutions for medical imaging  has reported revenue for its first fiscal quarter. At March 31  2023  the Group’s sales totaled €179.8 million  down slightly by 0.7% from the same period in 2022 (€181.1 million). The business activity incorporates a favorable foreign exchange impact of €1.1 million. At constant exchange rates (CER)  Q1 revenue was down 1.3%.This decrease is fully in with the Group’s expectations expressed when the annual results were reported in March. As a reminder  Guerbet has indicated that it is targeting stronger growth in its 2023 activity in the second half of the year than in the first  given the upgrading of the industrial activity at the Raleigh (North Carolina) site and the gradual ramp-up of sales of EluciremTM.1 At constant exchange rates: the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous fiscal year.2 Excluding extraordinary costs relating to optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model.Geographical distribution of consolidated group revenue (IFRS)In millions of euros at March 31  2023 Q1 2022Q1 2023at current exchange ratesChange (%)Q1 2023at constant exchange rates1Change (%)Sales in EMEA 82.6 88.7 +7.3% 88.6 +7.3% Sales in Americas 54.6 47.5 -13.1% 45.3 -17.1% Sales in Asia 43.8 43.7 -0.3% 44.8 +2.2% Total 181.1 179.8 -0.7% 178.7 -1.3%1 Constant exchange rates: the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous fiscal year.In the EMEA region  the Group’s activity in the first quarter showed sustained growth (+7.3% at CER) thanks to its good performance in both volumes and prices  especially in the German market  which is currently benefiting from significant price increases.In the Americas  sales for the first three months of the year were down 13.1%  including a positive foreign exchange impact of €2.2 million. At CER  revenue was down 17.1%.Commercial activity in the Americas continued to be impacted in the first quarter by last year’s production delays in Raleigh stemming from considerable recruitment difficulties until summer  the necessary time to train new staff  and the adaptation of the EluciremTM production lines in Q4 2022.In Asia  the Group’s Q1 sales were stable  up 2.2% at CER. This performance is satisfactory given a high basis of comparison after a 2022 fiscal year marked by the implementation of direct distribution in China.Distribution of consolidated group revenue by activity (IFRS)In millions of euros at March 31  2023 Q1 2022Q1 2023at current exchange ratesChange (%)Q1 2023at constant exchange rates1Change (%)Diagnostic Imaging 160.7 160.0 -0.4% 159.1 -1.0% MRI 59.6 60.7 +1.8% 59.9 +0.7% X-Ray 101.1 99.4 -1.7% 99.2 -1.9% Interventional Imaging 20.4 19.8 -2.7% 19.6 -3.8% Total 181.1 179.8 -0.7% 178.7 -1.3%1 Constant exchange rates: the exchange rate impact was eliminated by recalculating sales for the period on the basis of the exchange rates used for the previous fiscal year.Diagnostic Imaging revenue was down 1.0% at CER in Q1 2023.MRI activity increased slightly over the period by 0.7% at CER. The first boxes of Elucirem TM were delivered in the United States in March.activity increased slightly over the period by 0.7% at CER. The first boxes of Elucirem were delivered in the United States in March. X-ray revenue at CER was down 1.9%  reflecting lower volumes of Optiray® (impact of production delays at Raleigh)  while sales of Xenetix® (+17.7%) and injection solutions (+9.5%) remained very strong.In Interventional Imaging  activity was down 3.8% at CER from the same period of the previous fiscal year because a large order in the United States was postponed to Q2 2023.Confirmation of financial objectives for 2023 and 2024After a start to the year still disrupted commercially by production delays in Raleigh  the Group remains confident in its ability to meet its ambitions for this fiscal year and the next. Guerbet operates in a contrast agent market driven by structural growth in volumes as well as  since 2022  positive price effects that should fully offset cost inflation  especially for raw materials  by 2024.Given these circumstances  Guerbet is reaffirming its financial objectives. For the current fiscal year  revenue growth is expected to exceed 5% on a like-for-like basis and at CER. In terms of profitability  the Group is anticipating a restated EBITDA/revenue margin1 of around 11% before returning to a level in 2024 higher than the 2021 level (14.4%).1 Excluding extraordinary costs relating to optimization of the operational structure and changes in the sales model.Upcoming events:Reporting of first-half revenueJuly 20  2023  after tradingAbout GuerbetAt Guerbet  we build lasting relationships so that we enable people to live better. That is our purpose. We are a global leader in medical imaging  offering a comprehensive range of pharmaceutical products  medical devices  and digital and AI solutions for diagnostic and interventional imaging. As pioneers in contrast products for 95 years  with more than 2 830 employees worldwide  we continuously innovate and devote 8% to 10% of our revenue to research and development in five centers in France  Israel  and the United States. Guerbet (GBT) is listed on Euronext Paris (segment B – mid caps) and generated €753 million in revenue in 2022. For more information  please visit www.guerbet.com .Forward-looking statementsCertain information contained in this press release does not reflect historical data but constitutes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates  forecasts  and assumptions  including but not limited to assumptions about the current and future strategy of the Group and the economic environment in which the Group operates. They involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors that may result in a significant difference between the Group’s actual performance and results and those presented explicitly or implicitly by these forward-looking statements.These forward-looking statements are valid only as of the date of this press release  and the Group expressly disclaims any obligation or commitment to publish an update or revision of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect changes in their underlying assumptions  events  conditions  or circumstances. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are for illustrative purposes only. Forward-looking statements and information are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and are generally beyond the Group’s control.These risks and uncertainties include but are not limited to the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analyses (including after a marketing authorization is granted)  decisions by regulatory authorities (such as the US Food and Drug Administration or the European Medicines Agency) regarding whether and when to approve any application for a drug  process  or biological product filed for any such product candidates  and their decisions regarding labeling and other factors that may affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. A detailed description of the risks and uncertainties related to the Group’s activities can be found in Chapter 4.9 “Risk factors” of the Group’s Universal Registration Document filed with the AMF (French financial markets authority) under number D.23-0203 on March 31  2023  available on the Group’s website ( www.guerbet.com ).ContactsGuerbet ActifinJérôme EstampesChief Financial Officer+33 (0)1 45 91 50 00Claire LauvernierCommunication Director+33 (0)6 79 52 11 88Financial CommunicationsMarianne Py+33 (0)1 56 88 11 25mpy@actifin.frPressJennifer Jullia+33 (0)1 56 88 11 19jjullia@actifin.frAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.52,0.09,0.38,True,English,"['Q1 2023 Revenue', 'Guerbet', 'constant exchange rates1 Change', 'favorable foreign exchange impact', 'current exchange rates Change', 'positive foreign exchange impact', 'positive price effects', '1 Constant exchange rates', 'exchange rate impact', 'North Carolina) site', 'significant price increases', 'considerable recruitment difficulties', 'current fiscal year', 'first three months', 'contrast agent market', 'previous fiscal year', 'first fiscal quarter', 'EluciremTM production lines', 'Diagnostic Imaging revenue', 'consolidated group revenue', '2022 fiscal year', 'first quarter', 'contrast agents', 'German market', 'first boxes', 'production delays', 'medical imaging', 'Interventional Imaging', 'last year', 'English French', 'Annual objectives', 'EBITDA margin', 'global specialist', 'annual results', 'stronger growth', 'second half', 'gradual ramp-up', 'extraordinary costs', 'operational structure', 'sustained growth', 'necessary time', 'new staff', 'United States', 'large order', 'financial objectives', 'structural growth', 'cost inflation', 'raw materials', 'revenue growth', 'Geographical distribution', 'direct distribution', 'Quarterly activity', 'Dynamic activity', 'business activity', 'industrial activity', 'Commercial activity', 'good performance', 'Elucirem TM', 'injection solutions', 'EMEA region', 'lower volumes', 'Q1 revenue', 'X-ray revenue', 'same period', 'sales model', 'high basis', 'MRI activity', 'Q1 sales', '2023 revenue', '2023 activity', 'CER', 'Asia', 'Americas', 'level', 'Villepinte', 'Thursday', 'Guerbet', 'GBT', 'March', 'decrease', 'expectations', 'reminder', 'upgrading', 'Raleigh', 'optimization', 'changes', 'IFRS', 'millions', 'euros', 'prices', 'summer', 'adaptation', 'Q4', 'comparison', 'implementation', 'China', 'Optiray®', 'Xenetix®', 'Q2', 'Confirmation', 'start', 'ability', 'ambitions', 'next', 'circumstances', 'terms', '2024', '0.']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,globenewswire.com
23426,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.france24.com/en/france/20230420-police-block-protesters-as-macron-faces-down-hostile-crowds-in-rural-france,Police block protesters as Macron faces down hostile crowds in rural France,French police fired teargas Thursday in a village in southern France where President Emmanuel Macron visited a school  a day after he was booed and heckled over his unpopular pension reform.,"A protester holds a sign that reads  'Macron Leave'  as they wait for the arrival of the French President a month after his government pushed an unpopular pensions reform act through parliament  in Ganges  southern France on April 20  2023.French police fired teargas Thursday in a village in southern France where President Emmanuel Macron visited a school  a day after he was booed and heckled over his unpopular pension reform.Advertising Read moreAfter facing angry voters on Wednesday in eastern Alsace  the 45-year-old head of state travelled to the southern Herault region on Thursday to discuss education.The trips outside Paris are intended to signal his desire to turn the page on his unpopular pensions changes and demonstrate he is not hiding from voters  many of whom have been outraged by the way the legislation was passed.Saying he wanted to ""acknowledge and pay teachers better""  the 45-year-old former investment banker announced at a school in the village of Ganges that they would receive between 100-230 euros ($110-250) more a month after tax from September.In the run-up to his speech  police fired teargas when hundreds of people shouting ""Macron  resign!"" and blowing whistles tried to advance towards the school.Local authorities also announced a ban on ""portable sound equipment""  which a spokesman said was meant to target amplifiers and speakers.But the regional head of the CGT union  Mathieu Guy  told AFP that protesters had also been prevented from entering the secure area close to the school with pans as well as local flutes  known as ""fifres"".Macron's left-wing political opponents urged their supporters to bash pans during Macron's televised address to the nation on Monday evening and the age-old protest tactic appears to be becoming an audible sign of discontent at Macron's policies.'Democratic crisis'The apparent pan ban led to ridicule on Thursday  with Communist party spokesman Ian Brossat saying he ""couldn't wait for the legislation which will ban the sale of saucepans.""""Is it possible to leave a democratic crisis behind by banning saucepans?"" asked leading Greens MP Sandrine Rousseau.Speaking to voters on Wednesday  Macron argued again that raising the retirement age from 62 to 64 was necessary to help France reduce its public spending and bring the country into line with its European neighbours.He signed the legislation into law on Friday evening after a green light from the country's constitutional court.Other protests continued on Thursday  with union members entering the headquarters of the pan-European stock exchange Euronext in the main Paris business district.Demonstrators also forced their way into the headquarters of the LVMH luxury goods empire last Thursday.Some rail workers also went on strike again on Thursday  forcing the cancellation of one in five regional trains and some commuter services.(AFP)Daily newsletterReceive essential international news every morning Subscribe",negative,0.01,0.16,0.83,negative,0.0,0.06,0.94,True,English,"['hostile crowds', 'rural France', 'Police', 'protesters', 'Macron', 'Communist party spokesman Ian Brossat', 'pan-European stock exchange Euronext', 'LVMH luxury goods empire', '45-year-old former investment banker', 'main Paris business district', 'unpopular pensions reform act', 'unpopular pension reform', 'unpopular pensions changes', 'portable sound equipment', 'left-wing political opponents', 'age-old protest tactic', 'leading Greens MP', 'essential international news', 'five regional trains', 'southern Herault region', 'apparent pan ban', 'President Emmanuel Macron', '45-year-old head', 'French President', 'regional head', 'southern France', 'eastern Alsace', '100-230 euros', 'Local authorities', 'CGT union', 'Mathieu Guy', 'secure area', 'local flutes', 'Monday evening', 'Democratic crisis', 'Sandrine Rousseau', 'retirement age', 'public spending', 'European neighbours', 'Friday evening', 'green light', 'constitutional court', 'Other protests', 'union members', 'rail workers', 'commuter services', 'Daily newsletterReceive', 'French police', 'audible sign', 'angry voters', 'protester', 'arrival', 'government', 'parliament', 'Ganges', 'April', 'teargas', 'village', 'school', 'Advertising', 'Wednesday', 'state', 'Thursday', 'education', 'trips', 'desire', 'page', 'way', 'legislation', 'teachers', 'tax', 'September', 'run-up', 'speech', 'hundreds', 'people', 'whistles', 'amplifiers', 'speakers', 'AFP', 'pans', 'fifres', 'supporters', 'address', 'discontent', 'policies', 'ridicule', 'sale', 'country', 'line', 'law', 'headquarters', 'Demonstrators', 'strike', 'cancellation']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,france24.com
23427,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EDENRED-SE-6365724/news/EDENRED-First-quarter-2023-revenue-Edenred-starts-the-year-with-further-strong-revenue-growth-l-43547848/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,EDENRED : First-quarter 2023 revenue - Edenred starts the year with further strong revenue growth  leveraging its platform advantage to the full,(marketscreener.com) First-quarter 2023 revenue Edenred starts the year with further strong revenue growth  leveraging its platform advantage to the full Edenred begins 2023 with even stronger revenue growth than in 2022 Total revenue of €557 million  up 26.8…,First-quarter 2023 revenueEdenred starts the year with further strong revenue growth  leveraging its platform advantage to the fullEdenred begins 2023 with even stronger revenue growth than in 2022Total revenue of €557 million  up 26.8% as reported (+25.7% like-for-like)of €557 million  as reported (+25.7% like-for-like) First-quarter operating revenue of €519 million  up 21.8% as reported (+20.4% like-for-like) versus first-quarter 2022of €519 million  as reported (+20.4% like-for-like) versus first-quarter 2022 Double-digit like-for-like revenue growth across all geographies and all business linesrevenue Other revenue tripled year-on-year to €38 million from €13 million in first-quarter 2022  driven by both high business volumes and rising interest rates in all regionsDetermined to increase its commitment on climate-related disclosure  Edenred has become an official TCFD1 supporterEdenred is reaping the rewards of the sound execution of its Beyond strategy and the success of its innovation policyEdenred is fully benefiting from its technology investments   which allow it to provide increasingly efficient and user-friendly solutions  which allow it to provide increasingly efficient and user-friendly solutions Further strong business momentum   notably among SMEs  in markets that remain largely underpenetrated in the Group’s three business lines  notably among SMEs  in markets that remain largely underpenetrated in the Group’s three business lines Employee Benefits: increased attractiveness of Ticket Restaurant ® and Beyond Food solutions (employee engagement  mobility) aimed at improving employees’ purchasing powerof Ticket Restaurant and Beyond Food solutions (employee engagement  mobility) aimed at improving employees’ purchasing power Fleet & Mobility: continued success of the Beyond Fuel offering  notably driven by the innovative and fully digital maintenance and toll management solutions Complementary S olutions : extending Edenred CSI ’s offer through the succe ssful integration of IPSof the Beyond Fuel offering  notably driven by the innovative and fully digital maintenance and toll management solutionsEdenred confirms its targets for 2023:Like-for-like EBITDA growth >+12%Free cash flowithEBITDA conversion rate >70%2***Bertrand Dumazy  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Edenred  said: “Edenred delivered an excellent first quarter this year  continuing the performance achieved in 2022. Our revenue grew by more than 25%  once again proving our ability to closely align our solutions with the changing needs of companies and their employees. In tune with transformations in the working world  our digital specific-purpose payment programs enhance the well-being and purchasing power of users  while improving the attractiveness and efficiency of companies. We can leverage our powerful digital platform to develop or integrate new services  for example in the field of employee engagement with the acquisition of GOintegro. And  thanks to our technology investments  we can ensure our interfaces are particularly easy to use  reliable and ergonomic. After an excellent start to the year  we are confident in our prospects for the rest of 2023.”FIRST-QUARTER 2023 TOTAL REVENUE(in € millions) First-quarter 2023 First-quarter 2022 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Operating revenue 519 426 +21.8% +20.4% Other revenue 38 13 +189.3% +198.4% Total revenue 557 439 +26.8% +25.7%Total revenueFor the first quarter of 2023  total revenue amounted to €557 million  up 26.8% as reported compared with first-quarter 2022. This year-on-year increase includes a positive 0.2% currency effect and a positive 0.9% scope effect. On a like-for-like basis  total revenue was up 25.7%.Operating revenueOperating revenue amounted to €519 million in the first quarter of 2023  up 21.8% year-on-year as reported. The currency effect was a positive 0.6% and the scope effect was a positive 0.8%. On a like-for-like basis  operating revenue rose by 20.4%.This strong revenue performance is in line with the sustained pace of growth recorded in 2022  with all of the Group’s business lines and regions once again advancing steadily in the double digits. More generally  the quarterly performance reflects Edenred’s ability to fully leverage its unique platform advantage by rolling out its Beyond 22-25 strategic plan.In addition  amid reduced purchasing power  a talent war and the need for better control of fleet expenses  Edenred continued to benefit from the increased attractiveness of its solutions. Bolstered by these trends  business momentum remained strong in the first quarter among new and existing clients of all sizes  who were won over by the Group’s wide range of innovative solutions  including the new  comprehensive and fully digital Edenred UTA One next® toll solution recently launched in Europe.Operating revenue by business line(in € millions) First-quarter 2023 First-quarter 2022 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Employee Benefits 317 256 +23.7% +22.9% Fleet & Mobility Solutions 136 117 +16.1% +15.6% Complementary Solutions 66 53 +25.4% +18.7% Total 519 426 +21.8% +20.4%Operating revenue for the Employee Benefits business line  which accounts for 61% of the Group’s total operating revenue  was €317 million in first-quarter 2023  up 23.7% year-on-year as reported (+22.9% like-for-like).This robust growth is in line with the performance achieved in the fourth quarter of 2022. In particular  it reflects the good business momentum in the Ticket Restaurant® offering  fueled by numerous client wins  notably in the SME segment. Growth also benefited from the increase in maximum face value decided by governments in some of the countries where Edenred operates. These increases enable companies to boost their employees’ purchasing power by raising the value of the benefits they award. Lastly  performance was driven by the growing success of Beyond Food solutions  such as employee engagement platforms  which continue to enjoy high commercial demand. In this area  Edenred announced the acquisition of GOintegro  a leading provider of engagement  reward & recognition and well-being solutions in Latin America  thereby expanding its Employee Benefits offering in the region.In the Fleet & Mobility Solutions business line  which represents 26% of the Group’s total operating revenue  first-quarter 2023 operating revenue amounted to €136 million  up 16.1% year-on-year as reported (+15.6% like-for-like).This growth reflects the solid momentum of Beyond Fuel solutions  both in Europe through toll solutions and in Latin America through maintenance management solutions  which continued to be rolled out in Mexico and Argentina. In addition  electric vehicle charging solutions in Europe  in partnership with ChargePoint  proved increasingly popular among fleet managers  whom Edenred is helping to gradually transition to electric powertrains. First-quarter growth was nonetheless held back by lower fuel prices at the pump compared with first-quarter 2022.The Complementary Solutions business line  which includes Corporate Payment Services  Incentive & Rewards and Public Social Programs  generated operating revenue of €66 million in first-quarter 2023  representing 13% of the Group total. Business line operating revenue was up 25.4% as reported (+18.7% like-for-like) compared with the first quarter of 2022.This growth reflects the solid performance of Edenred CSI-operated Corporate Payment Services in North America  which enjoyed sustained business momentum over the period  notably driven by new contract wins in the property management and golf club segments. The integration of IPS also continued apace  enabling Edenred CSI to add invoice automation to its range of services for clients.Operating revenue by region(in € millions) First-quarter 2023 First-quarter 2022 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Europe 324 270 +20.1% +20.5% Latin America 150 123 +21.9% +16.0% Rest of the World 45 33 +35.5% +35.5% Total 519 426 +21.8% +20.4%In Europe   operating revenue amounted to €324 million in the first quarter  a year-on-year increase of 20.1% as reported (+20.5% like-for-like). Europe accounted for 62% of consolidated operating revenue in first-quarter 2023.In France  operating revenue came to €86 million for the period  up 13.5% both as reported and like-for-like. This growth reflects the very good performance of Employee Benefits  particularly the digital Ticket Restaurant® solution  which continued to attract many large corporate accounts and SMEs to its client base. Beyond Food solutions also met with significant success  as exemplified by the ProwebCE employee engagement platform  which formed a partnership with Carrefour Voyages for the benefit of its 7 million employee users.Operating revenue in Europe excluding France totaled €238 million in first-quarter 2023  an increase of 22.7% as reported (+23.3% like-for-like) versus the prior-year period. This performance reflects the strong business momentum in Employee Benefits across the region. The Ticket Restaurant® offering delivered another period of robust growth  as maximum face values became more widely used. Beyond Food solutions also continued to advance steadily  made even more attractive by today’s talent war and reduced purchasing power  which is driving corporate clients to enrich and extend the range of benefits they offer their employees.In Fleet & Mobility Solutions  Beyond Fuel solutions also recorded major commercial success. This was notably the case in the toll segment where  going forward  the new UTA One next® solution will provide fleet managers with increased flexibility and advanced features  including a digital platform to locate and monitor toll boxes in real time.Operating revenue in Latin America came to €150 million for the first quarter  a rise of 21.9% as reported (+16.0% like-for-like) compared with the first quarter of 2022. Latin America represented 29% of total consolidated operating revenue in first-quarter 2023.In Brazil  operating revenue rose by 10.8% like-for-like in first-quarter 2023 versus first-quarter 2022  driven by a solid performance across both business lines. Employee Benefits solutions enjoyed positive business momentum  notably fueled by the growing contribution of the partnership with Itaú Unibanco  which helped increase penetration of the SME segment. Fleet & Mobility Solutions also contributed to the robust growth  driven by the success of the Beyond Fuel offering in maintenance and toll services  which are drawing clients of all sizes. The business’s growth was nonetheless held back by the sharp decline in fuel prices at the pump  compared with the first quarter of 2022.In Hispanic Latin America  first-quarter 2023 operating revenue was up 28.0% like-for-like versus the same period in 2022. This robust performance reflects a sharp acceleration in Fleet & Mobility Solutions business  notably supported by the development of maintenance solutions in Argentina and Mexico. Employee Benefits solutions also experienced sustained growth.In the Rest of the World   operating revenue came to €45 million for the first quarter  up 35.5% as reported and like-for-like  representing 9% of the consolidated total. This solid performance was notably attributable to dynamic sales and marketing activity at Edenred CSI’s Corporate Payment Services in North America. It also reflects the ongoing success of innovative programs such as C3Pay  the provision of basic mobile financial services to unbanked and underbanked communities in the United Arab Emirates  and Ticket Xpress  an Employee Benefits solution marketed in Taiwan.Other revenueOther revenue for the first quarter of 2023 totaled €38 million  up 189.3% as reported (+198.4% like-for-like). This very significant increase reflects (i) the impact of the strong business growth on the float3  notably driven by the excellent end-of-year gift card campaign and (ii) the full effect of interest rate rises since the first quarter of 2022 in all regions where the Group operates  including in Latin America and non-eurozone European countries in the last few quarters and in the eurozone in recent months.Commitment on climate-related informationAware of the importance of correctly identifying and presenting climate-related risks and opportunities  Edenred has become an official TCFD supporter  joining the 4 000 companies and organizations around the world that have endorsed the TCFD’s recommendations. This initiative illustrates the Group’s determination to even more fully embodying its commitment to ESG. It is part of the extension of its pledge to achieve net zero carbon by 2050 in line with the SBTi standard4.OUTLOOKAfter achieving record results in 2022  Edenred has confirmed its very good business momentum in the first quarter of 2023. The solid performance for the period reflects Edenred’s ability to leverage its digital platform and thereby maintain a trajectory of sustainable and profitable growth. Edenred is continuing to penetrate its core markets  with the economic environment further enhancing the attractiveness of its solutions  which notably enable employers to effectively boost their employees’ purchasing power and fleet managers to control their spending.In line with the targets set in its Beyond 22-25 plan  Edenred is also taking advantage of emerging growth opportunities by extending its portfolio to include new solutions that more fully meet its clients’ needs. In Employee Benefits  for example  Edenred plans to continue expanding its value proposition for the HR departments of clients and prospects  in order to help them increase employee engagement through dedicated platforms. In this way  Edenred will continue to expand its Beyond Food offering through the deployment of innovative solutions  but also through M&A transactions  as illustrated by the acquisition of GOintegro in Latin America. By integrating this modular engagement platform into its Employee Benefits offering  Edenred will strengthen its leadership in the region.Edenred is therefore reaffirming its confidence for 2023  and intends to maintain a sustained pace of growth in all regions where the Group operates and in each of its business lines.For 2023  the Group is confirming the full-year targets set out in its new Beyond 22-25 strategic plan  namely:Like-for-like EBITDA growth >+12%Free cash flowithEBITDA conversion rate >70%5SIGNIFICANT EVENTS IN THE FIRST QUARTEREdenred Capital Partners supports Emblem’s seed venture capital fund to gain exposure to the Nordics tech sceneEdenred Capital Partners (ECP) supports Emblem’s seed venture capital fund  backing early-stage founders in Copenhagen  Stockholm and Paris  strengthening ECP’s ties in the Nordics. Emblem announced a €50 million first close of their €75 million seed fund.The deal will enable ECP to access new investment and networking opportunities  as well as to identify market trends in ECP’s core investment themes.SUBSEQUENT EVENTSEdenred extends its Employee Engagement offer in Latin America with the acquisition of GOintegroEdenred has signed an agreement to acquire 75% of the share capital of GOintegro  a Latin American provider of a SaaS6 employee engagement platform. GOintegro offers a broad range of engagement solutions  designed to help companies enhance their organizational culture and be an employer of choice in attracting and retaining talent.The acquisition of GOintegro illustrates Edenred’s ambition – set out in the Beyond 22-25 strategic plan – to be the everyday platform for people at work  notably by extending the scope of its portfolio. Through the integration of GOintegro’s modular employee engagement platform  Edenred is broadening its offer and strengthening its lead in Latin America’s Employee Benefits market.UPCOMING EVENTSMay 11  2023: General MeetingJuly 25  2023: First-half 2023 resultsOctober 19  2023: Third-quarter 2023 revenue▬▬About EdenredEdenred is a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  connecting 52 million users and 2 million partner merchants in 45 countries via 950 000 corporate clients.Edenred offers specific-purpose payment solutions for food (such as meal benefits)  incentives (such as gift cards  employee engagement platforms)  mobility (such as multi-energy  maintenance  toll  parking and commuter solutions) and corporate payments (such as virtual cards).True to the Group’s purpose  “Enrich connections. For good.”  these solutions enhance users’ well-being and purchasing power. They improve companies’ attractiveness and efficiency  and vitalize the employment market and the local economy. They also foster access to healthier food  more environmentally friendly products and softer mobility.Edenred’s 10 000 employees are committed to making the world of work a connected ecosystem that is safer  more efficient and more responsible every day.In 2022  thanks to its global technology assets  the Group managed some €38 billion in business volume  primarily carried out via mobile applications  online platforms and cards.Edenred is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange and included in the following indices: CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  CAC Large 60  Euronext 100  FTSE4Good and MSCI Europe.The logos and other trademarks mentioned and featured in this press release are registered trademarks of Edenred S.E.  its subsidiaries or third parties. They may not be used for commercial purposes without prior written consent from their owners.▬▬CONTACTSCommunications DepartmentEmmanuelle Châtelain+33 (0)1 86 67 24 36 emmanuelle.chatelain@edenred.comMedia RelationsMatthieu Santalucia+33 (0)1 86 67 22 63matthieu.santalucia@edenred.com Investor RelationsCédric Appert+33 (0)1 86 67 24 99cedric.appert@edenred.comBaptiste Fournier+33 (0)1 86 67 20 73 baptiste.fournier@edenred.comAPPENDICESOperating revenueQ1 20232022In € millions Europe 324 270 France 86 76 Rest of Europe 238 194 Latin America 150 123 Rest of the world 45 33 Total 519 426 Q1 ReportedLike-for-likeIn % Europe +20.1% +20.5% France +13.5% +13.5% Rest of Europe +22.7% +23.3% Latin America +21.9% +16.0% Rest of the world +35.5% +35.5% Total +21.8% +20.4%Other revenueQ1 In € millions20232022Europe 22 5 France 4 1 Rest of Europe 19 3 Latin America 12 7 Rest of the world 4 1 Total 38 13 Q1 ReportedLike-for-likeIn % Europe +382.7% +390.2% France +156.2% +156.2% Rest of Europe +487.6% +498.7% Latin America +55.0% +55.0% Rest of the world +279.3% +356.3% Total +189.3% +198.4%Q1 In € millions20232022Europe 346 275 France 90 78 Rest of Europe 256 197 Latin America 161 130 Rest of the world 49 34 Total 557 439 Q1 ReportedLike-for-likeIn % Europe +26.2% +26.8% France +16.2% +16.2% Rest of Europe +30.2% +31.0% Latin America +23.8% +18.2% Rest of the world +43.3% +45.7% Total +26.8% +25.7%Total revenue1 Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures.2 Based on constant regulations and methods.3 The float corresponds to a portion of the operating working capital from the preloading of funds by corporate clients.4 Science-Based Targets initiative  on scopes 1  2 and 3a.5 Based on constant regulations and methods.6 Software as a Service.Attachment,neutral,0.16,0.84,0.0,mixed,0.73,0.17,0.1,True,English,"['strong revenue growth', 'First-quarter 2023 revenue', 'platform advantage', 'EDENRED', 'year', 'full', 'digital Edenred UTA One next® toll solution', 'digital specific-purpose payment programs', 'employees’ purchasing power Fleet', 'toll management solutions', 'powerful digital platform', 'rising interest rates', 'official TCFD1 supporter', 'Complementary S olutions', 'succe ssful integration', 'Chief Executive Officer', '22-25 strategic plan', 'reduced purchasing power', 'high business volumes', 'EBITDA conversion rate', 'three business lines', 'Beyond Fuel offering', 'unique platform advantage', 'strong business momentum', 'business lines revenue', 'strong revenue growth', 'stronger revenue growth', 'positive 0.2% currency effect', 'positive 0.9% scope effect', 'strong revenue performance', 'excellent first quarter', 'Beyond Food solutions', 'First-quarter operating revenue', 'digital maintenance', 'EBITDA growth', 'excellent start', 'fleet expenses', 'Total revenue', 'Other revenue', 'Beyond strategy', 'user-friendly solutions', 'climate-related disclosure', 'sound execution', 'innovation policy', 'technology investments', 'Employee Benefits', 'Ticket Restaurant ®', 'employee engagement', 'Bertrand Dumazy', 'changing needs', 'working world', 'sustained pace', 'double digits', 'quarterly performance', 'talent war', 'existing clients', 'wide range', 'new services', 'new, comprehensive', 'First-quarter 2023 revenue', 'Edenred CSI', 'continued success', 'First-quarter 2022 % change', 'innovative solutions', 'year increase', 'full', 'geographies', 'regions', 'commitment', 'rewards', 'efficient', 'SMEs', 'markets', 'Group', 'attractiveness', 'mobility', 'IPS', 'targets', 'Chairman', 'ability', 'companies', 'tune', 'transformations', 'well-being', 'users', 'efficiency', 'example', 'field', 'acquisition', 'GOintegro', 'interfaces', 'prospects', '€ millions', 'basis', 'addition', 'control', 'trends', 'sizes', 'Europe']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23428,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/20/2650651/0/en/EDENRED-First-quarter-2023-revenue-Edenred-starts-the-year-with-further-strong-revenue-growth-leveraging-its-platform-advantage-to-the-full.html,EDENRED : First-quarter 2023 revenue - Edenred starts the year with further strong revenue growth  leveraging its platform advantage to the full,First-quarter 2023 revenue   Edenred starts the year with further strong revenue growth  leveraging its platform advantage to the full   Edenred begins......,English FrenchFirst-quarter 2023 revenueEdenred starts the year with further strong revenue growth  leveraging its platform advantage to the fullEdenred begins 2023 with even stronger revenue growth than in 2022Total revenue of €557 million  up 26.8% as reported (+25.7% like-for-like)of €557 million  as reported (+25.7% like-for-like) First-quarter operating revenue of €519 million  up 21.8% as reported (+20.4% like-for-like) versus first-quarter 2022of €519 million  as reported (+20.4% like-for-like) versus first-quarter 2022 Double-digit like-for-like revenue growth across all geographies and all business linesrevenue Other revenue tripled year-on-year to €38 million from €13 million in first-quarter 2022  driven by both high business volumes and rising interest rates in all regionsDetermined to increase its commitment on climate-related disclosure  Edenred has become an official TCFD1 supporterEdenred is reaping the rewards of the sound execution of its Beyond strategy and the success of its innovation policyEdenred is fully benefiting from its technology investments   which allow it to provide increasingly efficient and user-friendly solutions  which allow it to provide increasingly efficient and user-friendly solutions Further strong business momentum   notably among SMEs  in markets that remain largely underpenetrated in the Group’s three business lines  notably among SMEs  in markets that remain largely underpenetrated in the Group’s three business lines Employee Benefits: increased attractiveness of Ticket Restaurant ® and Beyond Food solutions (employee engagement  mobility) aimed at improving employees’ purchasing powerof Ticket Restaurant and Beyond Food solutions (employee engagement  mobility) aimed at improving employees’ purchasing power Fleet & Mobility: continued success of the Beyond Fuel offering  notably driven by the innovative and fully digital maintenance and toll management solutions Complementary S olutions : extending Edenred CSI ’s offer through the succe ssful integration of IPSof the Beyond Fuel offering  notably driven by the innovative and fully digital maintenance and toll management solutionsEdenred confirms its targets for 2023:Like-for-like EBITDA growth >+12%Free cash flowithEBITDA conversion rate >70%2***Bertrand Dumazy  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Edenred  said: “Edenred delivered an excellent first quarter this year  continuing the performance achieved in 2022. Our revenue grew by more than 25%  once again proving our ability to closely align our solutions with the changing needs of companies and their employees. In tune with transformations in the working world  our digital specific-purpose payment programs enhance the well-being and purchasing power of users  while improving the attractiveness and efficiency of companies. We can leverage our powerful digital platform to develop or integrate new services  for example in the field of employee engagement with the acquisition of GOintegro. And  thanks to our technology investments  we can ensure our interfaces are particularly easy to use  reliable and ergonomic. After an excellent start to the year  we are confident in our prospects for the rest of 2023.”FIRST-QUARTER 2023 TOTAL REVENUE(in € millions) First-quarter 2023 First-quarter 2022 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Operating revenue 519 426 +21.8% +20.4% Other revenue 38 13 +189.3% +198.4% Total revenue 557 439 +26.8% +25.7%Total revenueFor the first quarter of 2023  total revenue amounted to €557 million  up 26.8% as reported compared with first-quarter 2022. This year-on-year increase includes a positive 0.2% currency effect and a positive 0.9% scope effect. On a like-for-like basis  total revenue was up 25.7%.Operating revenueOperating revenue amounted to €519 million in the first quarter of 2023  up 21.8% year-on-year as reported. The currency effect was a positive 0.6% and the scope effect was a positive 0.8%. On a like-for-like basis  operating revenue rose by 20.4%.This strong revenue performance is in line with the sustained pace of growth recorded in 2022  with all of the Group’s business lines and regions once again advancing steadily in the double digits. More generally  the quarterly performance reflects Edenred’s ability to fully leverage its unique platform advantage by rolling out its Beyond 22-25 strategic plan.In addition  amid reduced purchasing power  a talent war and the need for better control of fleet expenses  Edenred continued to benefit from the increased attractiveness of its solutions. Bolstered by these trends  business momentum remained strong in the first quarter among new and existing clients of all sizes  who were won over by the Group’s wide range of innovative solutions  including the new  comprehensive and fully digital Edenred UTA One next® toll solution recently launched in Europe.Operating revenue by business line(in € millions) First-quarter 2023 First-quarter 2022 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Employee Benefits 317 256 +23.7% +22.9% Fleet & Mobility Solutions 136 117 +16.1% +15.6% Complementary Solutions 66 53 +25.4% +18.7% Total 519 426 +21.8% +20.4%Operating revenue for the Employee Benefits business line  which accounts for 61% of the Group’s total operating revenue  was €317 million in first-quarter 2023  up 23.7% year-on-year as reported (+22.9% like-for-like).This robust growth is in line with the performance achieved in the fourth quarter of 2022. In particular  it reflects the good business momentum in the Ticket Restaurant® offering  fueled by numerous client wins  notably in the SME segment. Growth also benefited from the increase in maximum face value decided by governments in some of the countries where Edenred operates. These increases enable companies to boost their employees’ purchasing power by raising the value of the benefits they award. Lastly  performance was driven by the growing success of Beyond Food solutions  such as employee engagement platforms  which continue to enjoy high commercial demand. In this area  Edenred announced the acquisition of GOintegro  a leading provider of engagement  reward & recognition and well-being solutions in Latin America  thereby expanding its Employee Benefits offering in the region.In the Fleet & Mobility Solutions business line  which represents 26% of the Group’s total operating revenue  first-quarter 2023 operating revenue amounted to €136 million  up 16.1% year-on-year as reported (+15.6% like-for-like).This growth reflects the solid momentum of Beyond Fuel solutions  both in Europe through toll solutions and in Latin America through maintenance management solutions  which continued to be rolled out in Mexico and Argentina. In addition  electric vehicle charging solutions in Europe  in partnership with ChargePoint  proved increasingly popular among fleet managers  whom Edenred is helping to gradually transition to electric powertrains. First-quarter growth was nonetheless held back by lower fuel prices at the pump compared with first-quarter 2022.The Complementary Solutions business line  which includes Corporate Payment Services  Incentive & Rewards and Public Social Programs  generated operating revenue of €66 million in first-quarter 2023  representing 13% of the Group total. Business line operating revenue was up 25.4% as reported (+18.7% like-for-like) compared with the first quarter of 2022.This growth reflects the solid performance of Edenred CSI-operated Corporate Payment Services in North America  which enjoyed sustained business momentum over the period  notably driven by new contract wins in the property management and golf club segments. The integration of IPS also continued apace  enabling Edenred CSI to add invoice automation to its range of services for clients.Operating revenue by region(in € millions) First-quarter 2023 First-quarter 2022 % change (reported) % change(like-for-like) Europe 324 270 +20.1% +20.5% Latin America 150 123 +21.9% +16.0% Rest of the World 45 33 +35.5% +35.5% Total 519 426 +21.8% +20.4%In Europe   operating revenue amounted to €324 million in the first quarter  a year-on-year increase of 20.1% as reported (+20.5% like-for-like). Europe accounted for 62% of consolidated operating revenue in first-quarter 2023.In France  operating revenue came to €86 million for the period  up 13.5% both as reported and like-for-like. This growth reflects the very good performance of Employee Benefits  particularly the digital Ticket Restaurant® solution  which continued to attract many large corporate accounts and SMEs to its client base. Beyond Food solutions also met with significant success  as exemplified by the ProwebCE employee engagement platform  which formed a partnership with Carrefour Voyages for the benefit of its 7 million employee users.Operating revenue in Europe excluding France totaled €238 million in first-quarter 2023  an increase of 22.7% as reported (+23.3% like-for-like) versus the prior-year period. This performance reflects the strong business momentum in Employee Benefits across the region. The Ticket Restaurant® offering delivered another period of robust growth  as maximum face values became more widely used. Beyond Food solutions also continued to advance steadily  made even more attractive by today’s talent war and reduced purchasing power  which is driving corporate clients to enrich and extend the range of benefits they offer their employees.In Fleet & Mobility Solutions  Beyond Fuel solutions also recorded major commercial success. This was notably the case in the toll segment where  going forward  the new UTA One next® solution will provide fleet managers with increased flexibility and advanced features  including a digital platform to locate and monitor toll boxes in real time.Operating revenue in Latin America came to €150 million for the first quarter  a rise of 21.9% as reported (+16.0% like-for-like) compared with the first quarter of 2022. Latin America represented 29% of total consolidated operating revenue in first-quarter 2023.In Brazil  operating revenue rose by 10.8% like-for-like in first-quarter 2023 versus first-quarter 2022  driven by a solid performance across both business lines. Employee Benefits solutions enjoyed positive business momentum  notably fueled by the growing contribution of the partnership with Itaú Unibanco  which helped increase penetration of the SME segment. Fleet & Mobility Solutions also contributed to the robust growth  driven by the success of the Beyond Fuel offering in maintenance and toll services  which are drawing clients of all sizes. The business’s growth was nonetheless held back by the sharp decline in fuel prices at the pump  compared with the first quarter of 2022.In Hispanic Latin America  first-quarter 2023 operating revenue was up 28.0% like-for-like versus the same period in 2022. This robust performance reflects a sharp acceleration in Fleet & Mobility Solutions business  notably supported by the development of maintenance solutions in Argentina and Mexico. Employee Benefits solutions also experienced sustained growth.In the Rest of the World   operating revenue came to €45 million for the first quarter  up 35.5% as reported and like-for-like  representing 9% of the consolidated total. This solid performance was notably attributable to dynamic sales and marketing activity at Edenred CSI’s Corporate Payment Services in North America. It also reflects the ongoing success of innovative programs such as C3Pay  the provision of basic mobile financial services to unbanked and underbanked communities in the United Arab Emirates  and Ticket Xpress  an Employee Benefits solution marketed in Taiwan.Other revenueOther revenue for the first quarter of 2023 totaled €38 million  up 189.3% as reported (+198.4% like-for-like). This very significant increase reflects (i) the impact of the strong business growth on the float3  notably driven by the excellent end-of-year gift card campaign and (ii) the full effect of interest rate rises since the first quarter of 2022 in all regions where the Group operates  including in Latin America and non-eurozone European countries in the last few quarters and in the eurozone in recent months.Commitment on climate-related informationAware of the importance of correctly identifying and presenting climate-related risks and opportunities  Edenred has become an official TCFD supporter  joining the 4 000 companies and organizations around the world that have endorsed the TCFD’s recommendations. This initiative illustrates the Group’s determination to even more fully embodying its commitment to ESG. It is part of the extension of its pledge to achieve net zero carbon by 2050 in line with the SBTi standard4.OUTLOOKAfter achieving record results in 2022  Edenred has confirmed its very good business momentum in the first quarter of 2023. The solid performance for the period reflects Edenred’s ability to leverage its digital platform and thereby maintain a trajectory of sustainable and profitable growth. Edenred is continuing to penetrate its core markets  with the economic environment further enhancing the attractiveness of its solutions  which notably enable employers to effectively boost their employees’ purchasing power and fleet managers to control their spending.In line with the targets set in its Beyond 22-25 plan  Edenred is also taking advantage of emerging growth opportunities by extending its portfolio to include new solutions that more fully meet its clients’ needs. In Employee Benefits  for example  Edenred plans to continue expanding its value proposition for the HR departments of clients and prospects  in order to help them increase employee engagement through dedicated platforms. In this way  Edenred will continue to expand its Beyond Food offering through the deployment of innovative solutions  but also through M&A transactions  as illustrated by the acquisition of GOintegro in Latin America. By integrating this modular engagement platform into its Employee Benefits offering  Edenred will strengthen its leadership in the region.Edenred is therefore reaffirming its confidence for 2023  and intends to maintain a sustained pace of growth in all regions where the Group operates and in each of its business lines.For 2023  the Group is confirming the full-year targets set out in its new Beyond 22-25 strategic plan  namely:Like-for-like EBITDA growth >+12%Free cash flowithEBITDA conversion rate >70%5SIGNIFICANT EVENTS IN THE FIRST QUARTEREdenred Capital Partners supports Emblem’s seed venture capital fund to gain exposure to the Nordics tech sceneEdenred Capital Partners (ECP) supports Emblem’s seed venture capital fund  backing early-stage founders in Copenhagen  Stockholm and Paris  strengthening ECP’s ties in the Nordics. Emblem announced a €50 million first close of their €75 million seed fund.The deal will enable ECP to access new investment and networking opportunities  as well as to identify market trends in ECP’s core investment themes.SUBSEQUENT EVENTSEdenred extends its Employee Engagement offer in Latin America with the acquisition of GOintegroEdenred has signed an agreement to acquire 75% of the share capital of GOintegro  a Latin American provider of a SaaS6 employee engagement platform. GOintegro offers a broad range of engagement solutions  designed to help companies enhance their organizational culture and be an employer of choice in attracting and retaining talent.The acquisition of GOintegro illustrates Edenred’s ambition – set out in the Beyond 22-25 strategic plan – to be the everyday platform for people at work  notably by extending the scope of its portfolio. Through the integration of GOintegro’s modular employee engagement platform  Edenred is broadening its offer and strengthening its lead in Latin America’s Employee Benefits market.UPCOMING EVENTSMay 11  2023: General MeetingJuly 25  2023: First-half 2023 resultsOctober 19  2023: Third-quarter 2023 revenue▬▬About EdenredEdenred is a leading digital platform for services and payments and the everyday companion for people at work  connecting 52 million users and 2 million partner merchants in 45 countries via 950 000 corporate clients.Edenred offers specific-purpose payment solutions for food (such as meal benefits)  incentives (such as gift cards  employee engagement platforms)  mobility (such as multi-energy  maintenance  toll  parking and commuter solutions) and corporate payments (such as virtual cards).True to the Group’s purpose  “Enrich connections. For good.”  these solutions enhance users’ well-being and purchasing power. They improve companies’ attractiveness and efficiency  and vitalize the employment market and the local economy. They also foster access to healthier food  more environmentally friendly products and softer mobility.Edenred’s 10 000 employees are committed to making the world of work a connected ecosystem that is safer  more efficient and more responsible every day.In 2022  thanks to its global technology assets  the Group managed some €38 billion in business volume  primarily carried out via mobile applications  online platforms and cards.Edenred is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange and included in the following indices: CAC 40 ESG  CAC Next 20  CAC Large 60  Euronext 100  FTSE4Good and MSCI Europe.The logos and other trademarks mentioned and featured in this press release are registered trademarks of Edenred S.E.  its subsidiaries or third parties. They may not be used for commercial purposes without prior written consent from their owners.▬▬CONTACTSCommunications DepartmentEmmanuelle Châtelain+33 (0)1 86 67 24 36 emmanuelle.chatelain@edenred.comMedia RelationsMatthieu Santalucia+33 (0)1 86 67 22 63matthieu.santalucia@edenred.com Investor RelationsCédric Appert+33 (0)1 86 67 24 99cedric.appert@edenred.comBaptiste Fournier+33 (0)1 86 67 20 73 baptiste.fournier@edenred.comAPPENDICESOperating revenueQ1 20232022In € millions Europe 324 270 France 86 76 Rest of Europe 238 194 Latin America 150 123 Rest of the world 45 33 Total 519 426 Q1 ReportedLike-for-likeIn % Europe +20.1% +20.5% France +13.5% +13.5% Rest of Europe +22.7% +23.3% Latin America +21.9% +16.0% Rest of the world +35.5% +35.5% Total +21.8% +20.4%Other revenueQ1 In € millions20232022Europe 22 5 France 4 1 Rest of Europe 19 3 Latin America 12 7 Rest of the world 4 1 Total 38 13 Q1 ReportedLike-for-likeIn % Europe +382.7% +390.2% France +156.2% +156.2% Rest of Europe +487.6% +498.7% Latin America +55.0% +55.0% Rest of the world +279.3% +356.3% Total +189.3% +198.4%Q1 In € millions20232022Europe 346 275 France 90 78 Rest of Europe 256 197 Latin America 161 130 Rest of the world 49 34 Total 557 439 Q1 ReportedLike-for-likeIn % Europe +26.2% +26.8% France +16.2% +16.2% Rest of Europe +30.2% +31.0% Latin America +23.8% +18.2% Rest of the world +43.3% +45.7% Total +26.8% +25.7%Total revenue1 Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures.2 Based on constant regulations and methods.3 The float corresponds to a portion of the operating working capital from the preloading of funds by corporate clients.4 Science-Based Targets initiative  on scopes 1  2 and 3a.5 Based on constant regulations and methods.6 Software as a Service.Attachment,neutral,0.16,0.84,0.0,positive,0.78,0.19,0.04,True,English,"['strong revenue growth', 'First-quarter 2023 revenue', 'platform advantage', 'EDENRED', 'year', 'full', 'digital Edenred UTA One next® toll solution', 'digital specific-purpose payment programs', 'employees’ purchasing power Fleet', 'toll management solutions', 'powerful digital platform', 'rising interest rates', 'official TCFD1 supporter', 'Complementary S olutions', 'succe ssful integration', 'Chief Executive Officer', '22-25 strategic plan', 'reduced purchasing power', 'high business volumes', 'EBITDA conversion rate', 'Beyond Fuel offering', 'three business lines', 'unique platform advantage', 'strong business momentum', 'positive 0.2% currency effect', 'positive 0.9% scope effect', 'business lines revenue', 'strong revenue growth', 'stronger revenue growth', 'strong revenue performance', 'Beyond Food solutions', 'excellent first quarter', 'First-quarter operating revenue', 'digital maintenance', 'fleet expenses', 'EBITDA growth', 'excellent start', 'Beyond strategy', 'Total revenue', 'Other revenue', 'user-friendly solutions', 'English French', 'climate-related disclosure', 'sound execution', 'innovation policy', 'technology investments', 'Employee Benefits', 'Ticket Restaurant ®', 'employee engagement', 'Bertrand Dumazy', 'changing needs', 'working world', 'sustained pace', 'double digits', 'quarterly performance', 'talent war', 'existing clients', 'wide range', 'new services', 'new, comprehensive', 'First-quarter 2023 revenue', 'Edenred CSI', 'continued success', 'First-quarter 2022 % change', 'innovative solutions', 'year increase', 'full', 'geographies', 'regions', 'commitment', 'rewards', 'efficient', 'SMEs', 'markets', 'Group', 'attractiveness', 'mobility', 'IPS', 'targets', 'Chairman', 'ability', 'companies', 'tune', 'transformations', 'well-being', 'users', 'efficiency', 'example', 'field', 'acquisition', 'GOintegro', 'interfaces', 'prospects', 'millions', 'basis', 'addition', 'control', 'trends', 'sizes', 'Europe', '€']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,globenewswire.com
23429,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/REXEL-47601/news/FIRST-QUARTER-2023-SALES-43547845/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,FIRST-QUARTER 2023 SALES,(marketscreener.com)  FIRST-QUARTER 2023 SALES Strong start to the year with same-day sales up +10.1%  driven by both volume and price increasesQuarter boosted by sustainable electrification trends across the groupFY 2023 guidance confirmed → Sales of €4 927.…,"FIRST-QUARTER 2023 SALES 04/20/2023 | 01:02am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields FIRST-QUARTER 2023 SALESStrong start to the year with same-day sales up +10.1%  driven by both volume and price increasesQuarter boosted by sustainable electrification trends across the groupFY 2023 guidance confirmed → Sales of €4 927.9m in Q1 2023  up +10.1% on a same-day basis Positive trends in all geographies  benefiting from strong demand in energy transition activitiesElectrification products represented c.22% of Group revenues and grew by c.+31% in the quarter  c.560bps contribution to Group sales → Same-day sales growth supported by both volume increase (410bps contribution) and increased selling prices (604bps including -60bps on copper-based cable products) → Sales up +12.6% on reported basis  benefiting from a favorable calendar effect (+1.0%) and scope effect (+0.5%) with positive impact from acquired companies more than offsetting disposal effects → Digital sales represented 27.4% of total sales in Q1  up +320 bps → FY 2023 guidance confirmed Key figures (€m) Q1 2023 YoY change Sales on a reported basis 4 927.9 +12.6% On a constant and actual-day basis +11.1% On a constant and same-day basis +10.1% Same-day sales growth by geography Europe 2 526.4 +12.7% France 973.6 +10.8% Benelux 316.6 +12.5% Scandinavia 286.6 +17.4% Germany 282.4 +22.7% UK 220.8 +2.7% North America 2 072.2 +8.7% US 1 705.3 +8.6% Canada 366.9 +9.3% Asia-Pacific 329.3 +1.3% Australia 143.6 +9.1% China 137.4 (3.5) %Guillaume TEXIER  Chief Executive Officer  said:“Rexel has gotten off to a good start this year  with double-digit growth in sales  driven by positive trends in all geographies and solid increases both in volumes and in prices  reflecting the excellent work of our teams across the Group. Growth was also supported by powerful electrification trends. We continue to see high and growing demand in all geographies for energy efficiency and electricity generation solutions  electrification usages and industrial automation. These trends are supported by several drivers  including government stimulus plans and regulations  corporate energy transition agendas and general concerns from our customers over the price of energy and its availability. This strong and resilient electrification tailwind allows us to confirm our full-year 2023 guidance.”SALES REVIEW FOR THE PERIOD ENDED MARCH 31  2023 Unless otherwise stated  all comments are on a constant and adjusted basis and  for sales  at same number of working days.SALES In Q1  sales were up +12.6% year-on-year on a reported basis and +10.1% on a constant and same-day basis  reflecting positive momentum in all three geographies. Key figures (€m) Q1 2023 YoY change Sales on a reported basis 4 927.9 +12.6% On a constant and actual-day basis +11.1% On a constant and same-day basis +10.1% In the first quarter 2023  Rexel posted sales of €4 927.9m   up +12.6% on a reported basis  including: A positive currency effect of €32.3 million (i.e. +0.7% of Q1 2022 sales)  mainly due to the appreciation of the US dollar against the euroA positive net scope effect of €23.9 million (i.e. +0.5% of Q1 2022 sales) from our active portfolio management  with favorable impacts from acquired companies offsetting disposals. Acquisitions of Horizon and Buckles-Smith  two specialists of Industrial Automation distribution in the US  as well as Trilec  the number 3 player in Belgium  and LTL in Canada  contributing to the positive scope effect Disposal effects reflecting the sale of Rexel’s activities in Spain and Norway (closing completed ahead of schedule on March 1 st )  as well as of activities in Portugal and Russia  to a lesser extentA positive calendar effect of +1.0%.On a constant and same-day basis  sales were up +10.1%  as a result of: An excellent performance in Europe and North America on more difficult base effects  offsetting lower growth in Asia-Pacific.Strong underlying trends from electrification and growing demand for energy efficiency solutions  boosted by government subsidies and corporate agendas  as illustrated by the growth of product categories such as PV  EV  Industrial Automation or HVAC  which grew by c. +31% in Q1  above Group average  and represented c.22% of sales. This more than offset signs of slowdown in the new residential component of our end demand.A favorable pricing environment for non-cable products (6.6% contribution in the quarter)  resulting from a carryover effect of price increases passed in 2022 and an additional rise recorded in the beginning of 2023.A slightly negative copper-cable pricing contribution ((0.6)% in Q1 2023 vs 4.1% in Q1 2022) resulting from lower copper prices in Q1 23 compared to Q1 22. Assuming copper prices remain unchanged  we anticipate a more favorable copper cable contribution in H2 23.Further growth in digitalization in all three geographies  with digital sales now representing 27.4% of sales  up 320bps compared to Q1 2022. Trends were positive in Europe (37.3% of sales  an increase of +183bps)  North America (18.8% of sales  an increase of +436bps) and Asia-Pacific (5.8% of sales  up +126bps).Europe (51% of Group sales): +12.7% in Q1 on a constant and same-day basis In the first quarter  sales in Europe increased by +10.6% on a reported basis  including: A negative currency effect of (0.8)%  or €(18.3) million  mainly due to the depreciation of the British pound and the Swedish Krona against the euroA negative scope effect of (2.3)%  or €(53.0) million  mainly resulting from the disposal of our activities in Russia  Spain & Portugal in 2022 and Norway in 2023 On a constant and same-day basis  sales were up +12.7%  including a positive volume contribution of 4.3% and a price effect of +8.3% (including 0.3% contribution from copper-based cable prices in the quarter). Key figures (€m) Q1 2023 YoY change Europe 2 526.4 +12.7% France 973.6 +10.8% Benelux 316.6 +12.5% Scandinavia 286.6 +17.4% Germany 282.4 +22.7% UK 220.8 +2.7% In Europe  electrification trends continued to support our growth  with our three product families (solar  EV charging infrastructure and HVAC) growing by +57% (contributing for 770bps of same-day sales growth in Europe in Q1 23) and representing 19% of sales. Germany  Benelux and Sweden were the biggest beneficiaries of sustained electrification growth in the region. Sales in France (39% of the region’s sales) were up +10.8%  outperforming the market  with positive trends in all markets except in the traditional ED business in residential. We saw positive momentum in HVAC and Solar activities.(39% of the region’s sales) were up +10.8%  outperforming the market  with positive trends in all markets except in the traditional ED business in residential. We saw positive momentum in HVAC and Solar activities. Benelux (13% of the region’s sales) grew by +12.5%  with a good performance in Belux and Netherlands. More specifically  Solar  HVAC and EV infrastructure remain the key growth drivers in the Netherlands.(13% of the region’s sales) grew by +12.5%  with a good performance in Belux and Netherlands. More specifically  Solar  HVAC and EV infrastructure remain the key growth drivers in the Netherlands. Sales in Scandinavia (11% of the region’s sales) were up +17.4% with accelerating trends in electrification  notably in Sweden (Solar).(11% of the region’s sales) were up +17.4% with accelerating trends in electrification  notably in Sweden (Solar). Sales in Germany (11% of the region’s sales) posted strong +22.7% growth  with further market share gains  supported by the residential & commercial markets. Residential was again boosted by solar demand.(11% of the region’s sales) posted strong +22.7% growth  with further market share gains  supported by the residential & commercial markets. Residential was again boosted by solar demand. In the UK (9% of the region’s sales)  sales increased by +2.7%  on a difficult comparable base due to the lower revenues generated in the quarter with the Department of Education (school air filtration and CO 2 equipment - contribution of -270bps in Q1 23). Underlying growth was supported by favorable trends in industry.North America (42% of Group sales): +8.7% in Q1 on a constant and same-day basis In the first quarter  sales in North America increased by +17.4% on a reported basis  including: A positive currency effect of +3.3%  or €58.0 million  due to the appreciation of the US dollar against the euroA positive scope effect of +4.4%  or €76.9 million  from the acquisition of Horizon Solutions and Buckles-Smith in the US as well as LTL in Canada. On a constant and same-day basis  sales were up +8.7%  including +4.6% from volume growth and +4.1% from price effect (including (1.7)% contribution from copper-based cable prices in the quarter). Key figures (€m) Q1 2023 YoY change North America 2 072.2 +8.7% United States 1 705.3 +8.6% Gulf Central +25.7% Mountain Plains +23.7% Midwest +18.9% California +16.5% Northeast +10.8% Florida +8.9% Northwest +2.2% Southeast (0.7) % Canada 366.9 +9.3% In North America  electrification trends continued to support our growth  with our four product families (solar  EV charging infrastructure  HVAC and industrial automation) growing by c.+19% (contributing for 370bps of same-day sales growth in North America in Q1 23) and representing c. 22% of sales. In the US (82% of the region’s sales)  sales posted solid +8.6% growth on a same-day basis  driven by robust demand in our diversified Commercial and Industrial end-markets  offsetting the declining trend in residential activity and the more difficult base effect in the Southeast. Rexel’s Industrial automation business grew in double digits Rexel was awarded a multi-year U.S. Postal Service contract for the supply of up to 41 500 electric vehicle charging stations.(82% of the region’s sales)  sales posted solid +8.6% growth on a same-day basis  driven by robust demand in our diversified Commercial and Industrial end-markets  offsetting the declining trend in residential activity and the more difficult base effect in the Southeast. In Canada (18% of the region’s sales)  sales grew by +9.3% on a same-day basis. The robust growth in Q1 was largely driven by diversified industrial segments such as mining  transportation  OEM  farm & food  sawmills…(18% of the region’s sales)  sales grew by +9.3% on a same-day basis. The robust growth in Q1 was largely driven by diversified industrial segments such as mining  transportation  OEM  farm & food  sawmills… Stable backlogs in North America at end-March 2023 compared to end-December 2022  reflecting good project execution and robust underlying order intake in the quarter.compared to end-December 2022  reflecting good project execution and robust underlying order intake in the quarter. Smooth integration of recently-acquired companies: Buckles-Smith and Horizon in the US as well as LTL in Canada. Asia-Pacific (7% of Group sales): +1.3% in Q1 on a constant and same-day basis In the first quarter  sales in Asia-Pacific were up +0.4% on a reported basis  including: A negative currency effect of (2.3)%  or €(7.4) million  mainly due to the depreciation of the Chinese renminbi and the Australian dollar against the euroA neutral scope effect On a constant and same-day basis  sales were up +1.3%  including a slight (0.5)% volume decline and +1.8% price effect (including 0.1% contribution from copper-based cable prices in the quarter). Key figures (€m) Q1 2023 YoY change Asia-Pacific 329.3 +1.3% Australia 143.6 +9.1% China 137.4 (3.5) % In the Pacific (52% of the region’s sales)  sales were up +8.0% on a constant and same-day basis. More specifically: In Australia (83% of Pacific’s sales)  sales increased by +9.1%  with good volume growth driven by Industrial and  to a lesser extent  Commercial. Solar activity remained supportive.In Asia (48% of the region’s sales)  sales decreased by (5.1)% on a constant and same-day basis: In China (87% of Asia’s sales)  sales were down (3.5)% due to increased business selectivity in a favorable business environment.FY 2023 OUTLOOK Leveraging our transformation and enhanced efficiency  we target for 2023  at comparable scope of consolidation and exchange rates: Same-day sales growth of between 2% and 6%An adjusted EBITA 1 margin of between 6.3% and 6.7%margin of between 6.3% and 6.7% Free cash flow conversion2 above 60%1 Excluding (i) amortization of PPA and (ii) the non-recurring effect related to changes in copper-based cable prices.2 FCF Before interest and tax/EBITDAaL NB: The estimated impacts per quarter of (i) calendar effects by geography  (ii) changes in the consolidation scope and (iii) currency fluctuations (based on assumptions of average rates over the rest of the year for the Group's main currencies) are detailed in appendix 2. CALENDAR May 9  2023 Detachment date of the dividend May 11  2023 Dividend Payment of €1.20 per share (issue premium) July 28  2023 First-half 2023 results FINANCIAL INFORMATION A slideshow of the first quarter 2023 sales is available on the Group’s website. ABOUT REXEL GROUP Rexel  worldwide expert in the multichannel professional distribution of products and services for the energy world  addresses three main markets: residential  commercial  and industrial. The Group supports its residential  commercial  and industrial customers by providing a tailored and scalable range of products and services in energy management for construction  renovation  production  and maintenance. Rexel operates through a network of more than 1 900 branches in 21 countries  with more than 26 000 employees. The Group’s sales were €18.7 billion in 2022.Rexel is listed on the Eurolist market of Euronext Paris (compartment A  ticker RXL  ISIN code FR0010451203). It is included in the following indices: CAC Next 20  SBF 120  CAC Large 60  CAC 40 ESG  CAC SBT 1.5 NR  CAC AllTrade  CAC AllShares  FTSE EuroMid  and STOXX600. Rexel is also part of the following SRI indices: FTSE4Good  Dow Jones Sustainability Index Europe  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120 and Eurozone 120  STOXX® Global ESG Environmental Leaders  and S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2022  in recognition of its performance in terms of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR).For more information  visit www.rexel.com/en. CONTACTS FINANCIAL ANALYSTS / INVESTORS Ludovic DEBAILLEUX +33 1 42 85 76 12 ludovic.debailleux@rexel.com PRESS Brunswick: Thomas KAMM +33 1 53 96 83 92 tkamm@brunswickgroup.comGLOSSARY REPORTED EBITA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes and Amortization) is defined as operating income before amortization of intangible assets recognized upon purchase price allocation and before other income and other expenses. ADJUSTED EBITA is defined as Reported EBITA excluding the estimated non-recurring net impact from changes in copper-based cable prices. EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest  Taxes  Depreciation and Amortization) is defined as operating income before depreciation and amortization and before other income and other expenses. EBITDAaL is defined as EBITDA after deduction of lease payment following the adoption of IFRS16. RECURRING NET INCOME is defined as net income restated for non-recurring copper effect  other expenses and income  non-recurring financial expenses  net of tax effect associated with the above items. FREE CASH FLOW is defined as cash from operating activities minus net capital expenditure. NET DEBT is defined as financial debt less cash and cash equivalents. Net debt includes debt hedge derivatives. APPENDIX For appendix  please open the pdf file by clicking on the link at the end of the press release. DISCLAIMER The Group is exposed to fluctuations in copper prices in connection with its distribution of cable products. Cables accounted for approximately 19% of the Group's sales and copper accounts for approximately 60% of the composition of cables. This exposure is indirect since cable prices also reflect copper suppliers' commercial policies and the competitive environment in the Group's markets. Changes in copper prices have an estimated so-called ""recurring"" effect and an estimated so called ""non-recurring"" effect on the Group's performance assessed as part of the monthly internal reporting process of the Rexel Group: i) the recurring effect related to the change in copper-based cable prices corresponds to the change in value of the copper part included in the sales price of cables from one period to another. This effect mainly relates to the Group’s sales; ii) the non-recurring effect related to the change in copper-based cable prices corresponds to the effect of copper price variations on the sales price of cables between the time they are purchased and the time they are sold  until all such inventory has been sold (direct effect on gross profit). Practically  the non-recurring effect on gross profit is determined by comparing the historical purchase price for copper-based cable and the supplier price effective at the date of the sale of the cables by the Rexel Group. Additionally  the non-recurring effect on EBITA corresponds to the non-recurring effect on gross profit  which may be offset  when appropriate  by the non-recurring portion of changes in the distribution and administrative expenses.The impact of these two effects is assessed for as much of the Group’s total cable sales as possible  over each period. Group procedures require that entities that do not have the information systems capable of such exhaustive calculations to estimate these effects based on a sample representing at least 70% of the sales in the period. The results are then extrapolated to all cables sold during the period for that entity. Considering the sales covered. the Rexel Group considers such estimates of the impact of the two effects to be reasonable.This document may contain statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements. By their nature  they are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including those described in the Universal Registration Document registered with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) on March 9  2023 under number D.23-0078. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of Rexel's future performance  Rexel's actual results of operations  financial condition and liquidity as well as development of the industry in which Rexel operates may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this release. The forward-looking statements contained in this communication speak only as of the date of this communication and Rexel does not undertake  unless required by law or regulation  to update any of the forward-looking statements after this date to conform such statements to actual results to reflect the occurrence of anticipated results or otherwise.The market and industry data and forecasts included in this document were obtained from internal surveys  estimates  experts and studies  where appropriate  as well as external market research  publicly available information and industry publications. Rexel  its affiliates  directors  officers  advisors and employees have not independently verified the accuracy of any such market and industry data and forecasts and make no representations or warranties in relation thereto. Such data and forecasts are included herein for information purposes only.This document includes only summary information and must be read in conjunction with Rexel’s Universal Registration Document registered with the AMF on March 9  2023 under number D.23-0078  as well as the financial statements and consolidated result and activity report for the 2022 fiscal year which may be obtained from Rexel’s website (www.rexel.com). Attachment PR - First-quarter 2023 SalesAll news about REXEL 12:02p Disclosure of Trading in Own Shares GL 12:02p Disclosure of Trading in Own Shares AQ 09:50a Rexel : Document AMF CP. 2023E895715 PU 04/20 Rexel : Press Release - 2023 Annual Shareholders' Meeting PU 04/20 Rexel annual shareholders' meeting of april 20  2023 GL 04/20 REXEL GROUP Approves Board and Committee Appointments CI 04/20 Rexel S.A. Approves Distribution  Payable on May 11  2023 CI 04/20 Global markets live: L'Oréal  AT&T  Tesla  Blackstone  American Expr.. 04/20 Rexel : Press Release - Compensation policy PU 04/20 Rexel : Press Release - Outcome of the vote on resolutions PU Analyst Recommendations on REXEL 04/20 Rexel : Strong start to 2023; but the FY guidance remains unchanged 04/18 Rexel : EPS upgrade (2022: +39.9%  2023: +9.1%) 02/16 Rexel : Strong end to FY22; Uninspiring outlook",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.73,0.16,0.11,True,English,"['FIRST-QUARTER', 'SALES', 'positive scope effect Disposal effects', 'negative copper-cable pricing contribution', 'positive net scope effect', 'corporate energy transition agendas', 'favorable copper cable contribution', 'favorable pricing environment', 'difficult base effects', 'favorable calendar effect', 'positive currency effect', 'positive calendar effect', 'multiple email addresses', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'electricity generation solutions', 'active portfolio management', 'new residential component', 'copper-based cable products', 'government stimulus plans', 'PERIOD ENDED MARCH', 'resilient electrification tailwind', 'energy efficiency solutions', 'energy transition activities', 'YoY change Sales', 'sustainable electrification trends', 'powerful electrification trends', 'Industrial Automation distribution', 'lower copper prices', 'Strong underlying trends', 'corporate agendas', 'Same-day sales growth', 'Positive trends', 'carryover effect', 'favorable impacts', 'positive impact', 'positive momentum', 'Electrification products', 'March 1 st', 'lower growth', 'government subsidies', 'electrification usages', 'non-cable products', 'Strong start', 'FY 2023 guidance', 'strong demand', 'selling prices', 'Key figures', 'North America', 'Guillaume TEXIER', 'good start', 'double-digit growth', 'solid increases', 'excellent work', 'growing demand', 'several drivers', 'general concerns', 'full-year 2023 guidance', 'same number', 'working days', 'two specialists', 'number 3 player', 'lesser extent', 'excellent performance', 'product categories', 'offset signs', 'end demand', 'additional rise', 'Further growth', 'same-day basis', 'Digital sales', 'total sales', 'SALES REVIEW', 'price increases', 'actual-day basis', 'adjusted basis', 'Group revenues', 'Group average', 'First name', 'volume increase', 'geography Europe', 'three geographies', 'Group sales', 'first quarter', 'US dollar', 'FIRST-QUARTER 2023 SALES', 'Q1 2022 sales', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'companies', 'constant', 'France', 'Benelux', 'Scandinavia', 'Germany', 'UK', 'Canada', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Australia', 'China', 'Rexel', 'volumes', 'teams', 'high', 'regulations', 'customers', 'availability', 'comments', 'appreciation', 'disposals', 'Acquisitions', 'Horizon', 'Buckles-Smith', 'Trilec', 'Belgium', 'LTL', 'Spain', 'Norway', 'schedule', 'Portugal', 'Russia', 'result', 'PV', 'HVAC', 'slowdown', 'beginning', 'H2', 'digitalization']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23430,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://news.sky.com/story/paris-protests-demonstrators-descend-on-euronext-offices-and-call-on-president-macron-to-resign-over-reforms-12861785,Paris protests: Demonstrators descend on Euronext offices and call on President Macron to resign over reforms,Hundreds of protesters in France briefly entered the offices of a stock market operator on Thursday as protests against President Macron's pension reform continued.,"Hundreds of protesters in France briefly entered the offices of a stock market operator on Thursday as protests against President Macron's pension reform continued.Between 200 and 300 demonstrators  waving flags and carrying flares  occupied Euronext  chanting: ""We are here  we are here  even if Macron does not want it we are here"".It's a slogan which has become popular as huge crowds have gathered in sometimes violent protests and strikes that erupted in January.Image: Demonstrators holding flares at the Euronext Paris building in protest to the pension reforms. Pic:APThey also called on Mr Macron to resign  another familiar demand.The lobby of the firm  located in La Defense  Paris' business district  was filled with red smoke from demonstrators' flares.It is not clear how long the protesters stayed in the offices.Elsewhere in the French capital  wooden pallets were set alight as striking rail workers held a peaceful demonstration at the Gare de Lyon railway station  as part of what was billed as a ""day of expression of railway anger"".Protesters in the northern city of Lille walked along the railway line  blocking all train traffic for about one hour before leaving peacefully.Several unions joined a strike at the national railway company SNCF  slightly disrupting train traffic on Thursday.AdvertisementSome regional lines and Paris suburban trains were affected  while high-speed trains were running almost as normal  the SNCF said.Image: Striking French railway workers gather in front of the headquarters of stock market operator EuronextMr Macron signed a bill raising the state pension age from 62 to 64 at the weekend  a widely unpopular move in a country that cherishes its retirement years.Fabien Villedieu  a unionist with rail operator  Sud-Rail  said: ""We are told that there is no money to finance pensions.""Image: Demonstrators chanted for Emmanuel Macron to resign. Pic: AP[But there is] ""no need to get the money from the pockets of workers  there is some in the pockets of billionaires "" he said.Earlier this month  similar scenes occurred at Blackrock's Paris offices.Image: Striking rail workers held a peaceful demonstration at Gare de Lyon train station. Pic: APThe president himself was heckled as he visited a school in the southern French town of Ganges  his second public outing since signing the bill into law.Protesters held a few hundred metres away by police also chanted against the pension reform.Image: The raising of the state pension age is widely dislikedOpinion polls show a vast majority of voters oppose the pension reform  but Mr Macron shrugged off the protests.He was pictured smiling and taking selfies as he told a group of students  parents and teachers ""there is a bit of everything. There are people who are happy  and people who are not happy.""",negative,0.0,0.23,0.76,mixed,0.12,0.17,0.71,True,English,"['Paris protests', 'Euronext offices', 'President Macron', 'Demonstrators', 'reforms', 'Gare de Lyon railway station', 'Gare de Lyon train station', 'Striking French railway workers', 'national railway company', 'southern French town', 'second public outing', ""Paris' business district"", 'striking rail workers', 'stock market operator', 'state pension age', 'Paris suburban trains', 'Euronext Paris building', 'rail operator', 'railway anger', 'railway line', 'French capital', 'train traffic', 'high-speed trains', 'pension reform', 'Paris offices', 'huge crowds', 'familiar demand', 'La Defense', 'red smoke', 'wooden pallets', 'peaceful demonstration', 'northern city', 'one hour', 'Several unions', 'regional lines', 'unpopular move', 'retirement years', 'Fabien Villedieu', 'similar scenes', 'Opinion polls', 'vast majority', 'Mr Macron', 'Emmanuel Macron', 'President Macron', 'violent protests', ""demonstrators' flares"", '300 demonstrators', 'Hundreds', 'protesters', 'France', 'Thursday', 'flags', 'slogan', 'strikes', 'January', 'Image', 'Pic', 'lobby', 'firm', 'part', 'expression', 'Lille', 'SNCF', 'Advertisement', 'front', 'headquarters', 'bill', 'weekend', 'country', 'unionist', 'Sud-Rail', 'money', 'pensions', 'pockets', 'Blackrock', 'school', 'Ganges', 'law', 'police', 'raising', 'voters', 'selfies', 'group', 'students', 'parents', 'teachers', 'bit', 'everything', 'people', '200']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,news.sky.com
23431,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PUBLICIS-GROUPE-SA-4685/news/Publicis-Groupe-First-Quarter-2023-Revenue-43547993/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230420,Publicis Groupe : First Quarter 2023 Revenue,(marketscreener.com) First Quarter 2023 RevenueStrong start to 2023 after 2 years of double-digit growth -Full year guidance confirmed April 20  2023  Q1 2023 reported net revenue up 10% Organic growth of +7.1% above expectations after +10.5% in Q1 last year:…,First Quarter 2023 RevenueStrong start to 2023 after 2 years of double-digit growth-Full year guidance confirmedApril 20  2023Q1 2023 reported net revenue up 10%Organic growth of +7.1% above expectations after +10.5% in Q1 last year: Epsilon and Publicis Sapient both significantly accretive at +10% and +11% organic Continued strong performance in the U.S. at +5.8% organic Acceleration in Europe to +12.3% organic China posting solid numbers at +3.7% organic growthContinued New Business dynamics in Q1 after topping industry rankings 4 times in 5 years2023 guidance confirmed despite rising macroeconomic uncertainties  organic growth now expected to reach the top half of the 3 to 5% rangeQ1 2023Revenue €3 458m Net revenue €3 079m Reported growth +10.0% Organic growth +7.1%Arthur Sadoun  Chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe:“After two years of double digit growth  we posted a strong start to 2023.In Q1  our net revenue was up +10% again on a reported basis. Organic growth was +7.1%  demonstrating once more the ability of our differentiated model to gain market share. The U.S. continued their strong performance with +5.8% organic growth  Europe accelerated to +12.3% and China posted a solid +3.7% despite the health situation in the country.Since 2019  we’ve expanded our first quarter net revenue by +45% on a reported basis  of which +18% organically. Putting this performance in perspective  the Groupe has actually changed dimension in recent years  rising to the number 2 position in the industry in terms of revenue.Our differentiated revenue mix  with one third in data and tech  allowed us to grow faster than both the industry and the global economy in the last three years. This continued to be the case in Q1 this year  with Epsilon & Publicis Sapient again accretive to our growth at +10% and +11% organic respectively. It was also visible in our Media and Creative activities  that were very solid in the quarter.Not only do those capabilities at scale lead us to outpace competition  but they also set us apart in the way we go to market. With Epsilon’s real time data and Publicis Sapient’s technology embedded in our Creative and Media offerings  our New Business momentum continued in Q1 after topping the leagues 4 times in the last 5 years  with recent wins like Adobe or Walgreens Media  Sonepar Business Transformation  Mondelez Production and Dunkin US Creative.It is this differentiated revenue mix  our go-to-market and our platform organization  allowing us to invest in growth while delivering industry-high margins  which drive our confidence to achieve all of our 2023 KPIs guidance.Actually  despite an increasingly challenging macroeconomic environment  we now anticipate that organic growth for the year will come in at the top half of our +3% to +5% guidance  while delivering 17.5% to 18% operating margin and circa 1.6 billion Euros in free cash flow.I would like to thank our teams for their continued efforts and our clients for their trust.”* **NET REVENUE IN Q1 2023Publicis Groupe’s net revenue in Q1 2023 was 3 079 million euros  up +10.0% from 2 800 million euros in 2022. Exchange rates had a positive impact of 61 million euros. Acquisitions  net of disposals  accounted for an increase in net revenue of 14 million euros. Organic growth reached +7.1%.Breakdown of Q1 2023 Net revenue by regionEUR Net revenue Reported Organic million Q1 2023 Q1 2022 Growth Growth North America 1 938 1 748 +10.9% +5.7% Europe 743 662 +12.2% +12.3% Asia Pacific 250 261 -4.2% +0.8% Middle East & Africa 88 75 +17.3% +16.6% Latin America 60 54 +11.1% +7.8% Total 3 079 2 800 +10.0% +7.1%North America net revenue was up +10.9% on a reported basis in Q1 2023  including a positive impact of the US dollar to Euro exchange rate. Organic growth in the region was +5.7%. In the U.S.  organic growth came at +5.8%. Both Epsilon and Publicis Sapient were again accretive to the country’s growth this quarter. Epsilon posted +10% organic growth  while Publicis Sapient grew +8% organically on top of +16% in Q1 last year. Media and Creative activities were very solid  both recording mid single-digit organic increase. Canada was up +3.2% organically.Net revenue in Europe was up by +12.2% on a reported basis. It was up by +12.8% on an organic basis  or +12.3% including the contribution of our Outdoor Media activities & the Drugstore. Organic growth in the U.K. was +23.9%  led by another very strong performance of Publicis Sapient and the benefit of 2022 global Media new business wins. Organic growth in France was +2.9%1 mainly driven by Media. Germany posted a strong +10.4% organic growth mostly driven by Media and Publicis Sapient. Central & Eastern Europe was up +11.0% organically  with double-digit growth in Turkey  Czech Republic and Hungary.Net revenue in Asia Pacific decreased by 4.2% on a reported basis  and was up +0.8% on an organic basis. China posted a solid performance at +3.7% organically despite the health situation in the country. While Thailand was negative due to the phasing of a large project  Australia posted +5.4% organic growth  Malaysia and Vietnam were up double-digit.In Middle East & Africa  net revenue was up +17.3% on a reported basis  and +16.6% organically. Organic growth was largely driven by Creative and Publicis Sapient in Middle-East  and Media in Africa.Net revenue in Latin America was up +11.1% on a reported basis  and +7.8% organically  with most countries reporting growth this quarter  largely driven by Media.___________________1 excluding Outdoor Media activities & the DrugstoreBreakdown of net revenue at March 31  2023 by sectorOn the basis of 3 036 clients representing 92% of Groupe net revenueNET DEBT AND LIQUIDITYNet debt totaled 442 million euros at the end of March 2023 compared with a net cash position of 634 million euros at year-end 2022  reflecting the seasonality in the activity. Net debt was 718 million euros at the end of March 2022. The Groupe’s last twelve month average net debt amounted to 563 million euros at the end of March 2023  down from 1 277 million euros in March 2022.The Groupe’s liquidity position remains very solid  at 5.4 billion euros.ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALSOn January 3  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Yieldify  a London-based marketing technology company. Founded in 2013  Yieldify’s leading platform and service enable companies to better personalize consumers’ website experiences  driving incremental revenue and other desired outcomes by delivering the right message at the right time based on a consumer's profile and stage in their purchase journey. Yieldify will become part of Epsilon  and its onsite personalization  conversion optimization and customer journey offerings will complement Epsilon PeopleCloud to better address the mid-market.On January 10  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Advertise BG  one of the leading performance marketing agencies in Bulgaria. The strategic acquisition will further reinforce Publicis Groupe Bulgaria’s competencies in digital transformation  adding firepower to its existing offering across digital strategy  data  social media  and digital content creation.On March 30  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Practia  based in Buenos Aires  a leading Latin America independent technology company and provider of digital business transformation services. With its 1 200 experienced professionals  this acquisition will position Publicis Sapient to enter the Latin America market while establishing a foundation for a nearshore delivery platform that will enable the company to better service clients based in North America.OUTLOOKDespite rising macroeconomic uncertainties  the Groupe confirms all of the 2023 KPIs set in February thanks to the strength of its model.When it comes to organic growth  the Groupe is increasingly confident to reach the top half of the +3% to +5% range for the full year thanks to its strong Q1 and an expected solid Q2 between +3% and +5%.The Groupe reiterates its 2023 guidance of 17.5% to 18% operating margin rate and circa 1.6 billion Euros of Free Cash Flow1 before change in working capital.___________________1 Based on 1.08 EUR/USD exchange rateNEW BUSINESSEUROPESanten France (Health)  Glaxo Smith Kline (Health)  Comité Colbert (Creative)  Speedy (Data)  Carlsberg (Creative)  Abeille Assurances (Creative)  Visa (Technology)  DomusVi (Technology)  DocuSign (Creative)  The Football Association Premier League (Creative)  Allwyn (Creative)  Pivovara Daruvar (Creative)  heroal (Creative)  Deutsche Telekom (Creative)  DATEV (Influence)  Samsung (DTC)  PepsiCo (Media)  L’Oréal (Media)  Tesco (Creative)  Asda (Technology)  Renault (Influence)  FoodWell (Media)  Notino (Media)  Casavo (Creative)  La Poste (Media)  Dream Games (Media)  Cassa Depositi e Prestiti (Media)  Meggle (Media)  Île-de-France Mobilités (Creative)NORTH AMERICAKrafton (Influence)  Intuit (Creative)  Shelter Movers (Influence)  Universite de Sherbrooke (Creative)  Steak 'n Shake (Creative)  Loblaws (Cretaive)  Mattress Firm (Creative)  Jasco Games (Creative)  Wondery (CRM)  McDonalds (CRM)  Milton Hershey School (Influence)  University of Oklahoma (Production)  Progress Residential (Production)  Wyndham Hotels & Resorts (Production)  Robert Walters (Production)  HP  Sun Life of Canada (Commerce)  Rite Aid (Media)  The PUR Company (Media)  MTY Food Group (Influence)  General Mills (Commerce)  Dunkin’ (Creative)  Walgreens (Media)  KB Home (Creative)  Burger King (Creative)ASIA PACIFIC/MEAMiele (CRM)  United Homeware Company (Creative)  Krungthai Bank (Creative)  Anker (Media)  Royal Automobile Club (Media)  Charles & Keith (Commerce)  Nick Did This (Media)  Nine Network (Creative)  Essity  OSHO  LVMH  Cathay Pacific Airways  Pepsico  Duolingo  AIA Company  Haleon  LOréal  The Standard Bank of South Africa  Sanofi  Nestlé  Diageo  Mondelez  Pizza Hut (Creative)  Cancer Council Victoria (Media)  Emirates NBD (Creative)  Grupo Bimbo (Creative)  Microsoft (Influence)  JioMart (Creative)  AkBank (Media)LATAMLOréal (Media)  Bayer (Media)  Samsung (Media)  Nestlé (Creative)  PicPay (Creative)GLOBALAdobe (Media)  Mondelez (Production)  King (Creative)  Ninjacart (Creative)  Alvarium Tiedemann (Creative)DisclaimerCertain information contained in this document  other than historical information  may constitute forward-looking statements or unaudited financial forecasts. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are presented at the date of this document and  other than as required by applicable law  Publicis Groupe does not assume any obligation to update them to reflect new information or events or for any other reason. Publicis Groupe urges you to carefully consider the risk factors that may affect its business  as set out in the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) and which is available on the website of Publicis Groupe (www.publicisgroupe.com).About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 98 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | Twitter:@PublicisGroupe | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Viva la Difference!ContactsPublicis GroupeLizzie Dewhurst Corporate Communications +44 794 991 81 94 lizzie.dewhurst@publicis.com Michelle McGowan Corporate Communications +1 312 315 5259 michelle.mcgowan@publicisgroupe.com Alessandra Girolami Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 77 88 alessandra.girolami@publicisgroupe.com Lionel Benchimol Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 70 27 lionel.benchimol@publicisgroupe.com Lorène Fleury Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 57 24 lorene.fleury@publicisgroupe.comAppendicesNet revenue: organic growth calculation(million euro) Q1 Impact of currencyat end March 2023(million euro) 2022 net revenue 2 800 GBP (2) (13) Currency impact (2) 61 USD (2) 78 2022 net revenue at 2023 exchange rates (a) 2 861 Others (4) 2023 net revenue before acquisition impact (b) 3 065 Total 61 Net revenue from acquisitions (1) 14 2023 net revenue 3 079 Organic growth (b/a) +7.1%Acquisitions (Profitero  Tremend  Wiredcraft  Tquila  Yieldify  Retargetly  Bizon  VivNetworks  Cheat  Changi  Advertise Bulgaria  Perlu and Like-A-Rainbow)  net of disposals (Russia  Qorvis and Makers Lab) EUR = USD 1.073 on average in Q1 2023 vs. USD 1.123 on average in Q1 2022EUR = GBP 0.883 on average in Q1 2023 vs. GBP 0.836 on average in Q1 2022DefinitionsNet revenue or Revenue less pass-through costs: Pass-through costs mainly concern production and media activities  as well as various expenses incumbent on clients. These items that can be re-billed to clients do not come within the scope of assessment of operations  net revenue is a more relevant indicator to measure the operational performance of the Groupe’s activities.Organic growth: Change in net revenue excluding the impact of acquisitions  disposals and currencies.Net Debt (or financial net debt): Sum of long and short financial debt and associated derivatives  net of treasury and cash equivalents  excluding lease liability since 1st January 2018.Average net debt: Average of monthly net debt at end of month.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.59,0.26,0.15,True,English,"['First Quarter 2023 Revenue', 'Publicis Groupe', '2022 global Media new business wins', 'mid single-digit organic increase', 'first quarter net revenue', 'North America net revenue', 'New Business dynamics', 'New Business momentum', 'Sonepar Business Transformation', 'rising macroeconomic uncertainties', 'challenging macroeconomic environment', 'free cash flow', 'Euro exchange rate', 'First Quarter 2023 Revenue', 'real time data', 'differentiated revenue mix', 'double digit growth', 'EUR Net revenue', 'The U.S.', 'Dunkin US Creative', 'Outdoor Media activities', 'last three years', 'Full year guidance', 'strong +10.4% organic growth', 'global economy', 'recent wins', 'differentiated model', 'Latin America', 'Exchange rates', 'US dollar', 'Creative activities', 'U.K.', 'last 5 years', 'Strong start', '+5.8% organic Acceleration', '+3.7% organic growth', '+5.8% organic growth', '+10% organic growth', 'Publicis Sapient', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'health situation', 'number 2 position', 'one third', 'Media offerings', 'Walgreens Media', 'Mondelez Production', 'platform organization', 'industry-high margins', '18% operating margin', '1.6 billion Euros', 'continued efforts', '3,079 million euros', '2,800 million euros', 'positive impact', '61 million euros', '14 million euros', 'Asia Pacific', 'Middle East', 'Czech Republic', 'large p', 'strong performance', 'double-digit growth', 'two years', 'recent years', '2022 Growth Growth', '2023 KPIs guidance', 'solid numbers', 'top half', 'Publicis Groupe', '3 to 5% range', '3% organic China', 'solid performance', 'organic basis', 'Q1 last', 'industry rankings', 'market share', 'Eastern Europe', '2 years', '2023 guidance', '+5% guidance', 'solid +3.', '17.5% to', 'Q1 2023', 'April', 'expectations', 'Epsilon', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'ability', 'country', 'perspective', 'dimension', 'terms', 'case', 'capabilities', 'scale', 'competition', 'way', 'technology', 'leagues', 'Adobe', 'confidence', 'teams', 'clients', 'trust', 'Acquisitions', 'disposals', 'Breakdown', 'region', 'Africa', 'Canada', 'contribution', 'Drugstore', 'benefit', 'France', 'Germany', 'Central', 'Turkey', 'Hungary', 'Thailand', 'phasing']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,marketscreener.com
23432,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/20/2650663/0/en/Publicis-Groupe-First-Quarter-2023-Revenue.html,Publicis Groupe : First Quarter 2023 Revenue,First Quarter 2023 RevenueStrong start to 2023 after 2 years of double-digit growth                          -Full year guidance confirmed                ...,English FrenchFirst Quarter 2023 RevenueStrong start to 2023 after 2 years of double-digit growth-Full year guidance confirmedApril 20  2023Q1 2023 reported net revenue up 10%Organic growth of +7.1% above expectations after +10.5% in Q1 last year: Epsilon and Publicis Sapient both significantly accretive at +10% and +11% organic Continued strong performance in the U.S. at +5.8% organic Acceleration in Europe to +12.3% organic China posting solid numbers at +3.7% organic growthContinued New Business dynamics in Q1 after topping industry rankings 4 times in 5 years2023 guidance confirmed despite rising macroeconomic uncertainties  organic growth now expected to reach the top half of the 3 to 5% rangeQ1 2023Revenue €3 458m Net revenue €3 079m Reported growth +10.0% Organic growth +7.1%Arthur Sadoun  Chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe:“After two years of double digit growth  we posted a strong start to 2023.In Q1  our net revenue was up +10% again on a reported basis. Organic growth was +7.1%  demonstrating once more the ability of our differentiated model to gain market share. The U.S. continued their strong performance with +5.8% organic growth  Europe accelerated to +12.3% and China posted a solid +3.7% despite the health situation in the country.Since 2019  we’ve expanded our first quarter net revenue by +45% on a reported basis  of which +18% organically. Putting this performance in perspective  the Groupe has actually changed dimension in recent years  rising to the number 2 position in the industry in terms of revenue.Our differentiated revenue mix  with one third in data and tech  allowed us to grow faster than both the industry and the global economy in the last three years. This continued to be the case in Q1 this year  with Epsilon & Publicis Sapient again accretive to our growth at +10% and +11% organic respectively. It was also visible in our Media and Creative activities  that were very solid in the quarter.Not only do those capabilities at scale lead us to outpace competition  but they also set us apart in the way we go to market. With Epsilon’s real time data and Publicis Sapient’s technology embedded in our Creative and Media offerings  our New Business momentum continued in Q1 after topping the leagues 4 times in the last 5 years  with recent wins like Adobe or Walgreens Media  Sonepar Business Transformation  Mondelez Production and Dunkin US Creative.It is this differentiated revenue mix  our go-to-market and our platform organization  allowing us to invest in growth while delivering industry-high margins  which drive our confidence to achieve all of our 2023 KPIs guidance.Actually  despite an increasingly challenging macroeconomic environment  we now anticipate that organic growth for the year will come in at the top half of our +3% to +5% guidance  while delivering 17.5% to 18% operating margin and circa 1.6 billion Euros in free cash flow.I would like to thank our teams for their continued efforts and our clients for their trust.”* **NET REVENUE IN Q1 2023Publicis Groupe’s net revenue in Q1 2023 was 3 079 million euros  up +10.0% from 2 800 million euros in 2022. Exchange rates had a positive impact of 61 million euros. Acquisitions  net of disposals  accounted for an increase in net revenue of 14 million euros. Organic growth reached +7.1%.Breakdown of Q1 2023 Net revenue by regionEUR Net revenue Reported Organic million Q1 2023 Q1 2022 Growth Growth North America 1 938 1 748 +10.9% +5.7% Europe 743 662 +12.2% +12.3% Asia Pacific 250 261 -4.2% +0.8% Middle East & Africa 88 75 +17.3% +16.6% Latin America 60 54 +11.1% +7.8% Total 3 079 2 800 +10.0% +7.1%North America net revenue was up +10.9% on a reported basis in Q1 2023  including a positive impact of the US dollar to Euro exchange rate. Organic growth in the region was +5.7%. In the U.S.  organic growth came at +5.8%. Both Epsilon and Publicis Sapient were again accretive to the country’s growth this quarter. Epsilon posted +10% organic growth  while Publicis Sapient grew +8% organically on top of +16% in Q1 last year. Media and Creative activities were very solid  both recording mid single-digit organic increase. Canada was up +3.2% organically.Net revenue in Europe was up by +12.2% on a reported basis. It was up by +12.8% on an organic basis  or +12.3% including the contribution of our Outdoor Media activities & the Drugstore. Organic growth in the U.K. was +23.9%  led by another very strong performance of Publicis Sapient and the benefit of 2022 global Media new business wins. Organic growth in France was +2.9%1 mainly driven by Media. Germany posted a strong +10.4% organic growth mostly driven by Media and Publicis Sapient. Central & Eastern Europe was up +11.0% organically  with double-digit growth in Turkey  Czech Republic and Hungary.Net revenue in Asia Pacific decreased by 4.2% on a reported basis  and was up +0.8% on an organic basis. China posted a solid performance at +3.7% organically despite the health situation in the country. While Thailand was negative due to the phasing of a large project  Australia posted +5.4% organic growth  Malaysia and Vietnam were up double-digit.In Middle East & Africa  net revenue was up +17.3% on a reported basis  and +16.6% organically. Organic growth was largely driven by Creative and Publicis Sapient in Middle-East  and Media in Africa.Net revenue in Latin America was up +11.1% on a reported basis  and +7.8% organically  with most countries reporting growth this quarter  largely driven by Media.___________________1 excluding Outdoor Media activities & the DrugstoreBreakdown of net revenue at March 31  2023 by sectorOn the basis of 3 036 clients representing 92% of Groupe net revenueNET DEBT AND LIQUIDITYNet debt totaled 442 million euros at the end of March 2023 compared with a net cash position of 634 million euros at year-end 2022  reflecting the seasonality in the activity. Net debt was 718 million euros at the end of March 2022. The Groupe’s last twelve month average net debt amounted to 563 million euros at the end of March 2023  down from 1 277 million euros in March 2022.The Groupe’s liquidity position remains very solid  at 5.4 billion euros.ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALSOn January 3  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Yieldify  a London-based marketing technology company. Founded in 2013  Yieldify’s leading platform and service enable companies to better personalize consumers’ website experiences  driving incremental revenue and other desired outcomes by delivering the right message at the right time based on a consumer's profile and stage in their purchase journey. Yieldify will become part of Epsilon  and its onsite personalization  conversion optimization and customer journey offerings will complement Epsilon PeopleCloud to better address the mid-market.On January 10  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Advertise BG  one of the leading performance marketing agencies in Bulgaria. The strategic acquisition will further reinforce Publicis Groupe Bulgaria’s competencies in digital transformation  adding firepower to its existing offering across digital strategy  data  social media  and digital content creation.On March 30  2023  Publicis announced the acquisition of Practia  based in Buenos Aires  a leading Latin America independent technology company and provider of digital business transformation services. With its 1 200 experienced professionals  this acquisition will position Publicis Sapient to enter the Latin America market while establishing a foundation for a nearshore delivery platform that will enable the company to better service clients based in North America.OUTLOOKDespite rising macroeconomic uncertainties  the Groupe confirms all of the 2023 KPIs set in February thanks to the strength of its model.When it comes to organic growth  the Groupe is increasingly confident to reach the top half of the +3% to +5% range for the full year thanks to its strong Q1 and an expected solid Q2 between +3% and +5%.The Groupe reiterates its 2023 guidance of 17.5% to 18% operating margin rate and circa 1.6 billion Euros of Free Cash Flow1 before change in working capital.___________________1 Based on 1.08 EUR/USD exchange rateNEW BUSINESSEUROPESanten France (Health)  Glaxo Smith Kline (Health)  Comité Colbert (Creative)  Speedy (Data)  Carlsberg (Creative)  Abeille Assurances (Creative)  Visa (Technology)  DomusVi (Technology)  DocuSign (Creative)  The Football Association Premier League (Creative)  Allwyn (Creative)  Pivovara Daruvar (Creative)  heroal (Creative)  Deutsche Telekom (Creative)  DATEV (Influence)  Samsung (DTC)  PepsiCo (Media)  L’Oréal (Media)  Tesco (Creative)  Asda (Technology)  Renault (Influence)  FoodWell (Media)  Notino (Media)  Casavo (Creative)  La Poste (Media)  Dream Games (Media)  Cassa Depositi e Prestiti (Media)  Meggle (Media)  Île-de-France Mobilités (Creative)NORTH AMERICAKrafton (Influence)  Intuit (Creative)  Shelter Movers (Influence)  Universite de Sherbrooke (Creative)  Steak 'n Shake (Creative)  Loblaws (Cretaive)  Mattress Firm (Creative)  Jasco Games (Creative)  Wondery (CRM)  McDonalds (CRM)  Milton Hershey School (Influence)  University of Oklahoma (Production)  Progress Residential (Production)  Wyndham Hotels & Resorts (Production)  Robert Walters (Production)  HP  Sun Life of Canada (Commerce)  Rite Aid (Media)  The PUR Company (Media)  MTY Food Group (Influence)  General Mills (Commerce)  Dunkin’ (Creative)  Walgreens (Media)  KB Home (Creative)  Burger King (Creative)ASIA PACIFIC/MEAMiele (CRM)  United Homeware Company (Creative)  Krungthai Bank (Creative)  Anker (Media)  Royal Automobile Club (Media)  Charles & Keith (Commerce)  Nick Did This (Media)  Nine Network (Creative)  Essity  OSHO  LVMH  Cathay Pacific Airways  Pepsico  Duolingo  AIA Company  Haleon  LOréal  The Standard Bank of South Africa  Sanofi  Nestlé  Diageo  Mondelez  Pizza Hut (Creative)  Cancer Council Victoria (Media)  Emirates NBD (Creative)  Grupo Bimbo (Creative)  Microsoft (Influence)  JioMart (Creative)  AkBank (Media)LATAMLOréal (Media)  Bayer (Media)  Samsung (Media)  Nestlé (Creative)  PicPay (Creative)GLOBALAdobe (Media)  Mondelez (Production)  King (Creative)  Ninjacart (Creative)  Alvarium Tiedemann (Creative)DisclaimerCertain information contained in this document  other than historical information  may constitute forward-looking statements or unaudited financial forecasts. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are presented at the date of this document and  other than as required by applicable law  Publicis Groupe does not assume any obligation to update them to reflect new information or events or for any other reason. Publicis Groupe urges you to carefully consider the risk factors that may affect its business  as set out in the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) and which is available on the website of Publicis Groupe (www.publicisgroupe.com).About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 98 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | Twitter:@PublicisGroupe | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Viva la Difference!ContactsPublicis GroupeLizzie Dewhurst Corporate Communications +44 794 991 81 94 lizzie.dewhurst@publicis.com Michelle McGowan Corporate Communications +1 312 315 5259 michelle.mcgowan@publicisgroupe.com Alessandra Girolami Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 77 88 alessandra.girolami@publicisgroupe.com Lionel Benchimol Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 70 27 lionel.benchimol@publicisgroupe.com Lorène Fleury Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 57 24 lorene.fleury@publicisgroupe.comAppendicesNet revenue: organic growth calculation(million euro) Q1 Impact of currencyat end March 2023(million euro) 2022 net revenue 2 800 GBP (2) (13) Currency impact (2) 61 USD (2) 78 2022 net revenue at 2023 exchange rates (a) 2 861 Others (4) 2023 net revenue before acquisition impact (b) 3 065 Total 61 Net revenue from acquisitions (1) 14 2023 net revenue 3 079 Organic growth (b/a) +7.1%Acquisitions (Profitero  Tremend  Wiredcraft  Tquila  Yieldify  Retargetly  Bizon  VivNetworks  Cheat  Changi  Advertise Bulgaria  Perlu and Like-A-Rainbow)  net of disposals (Russia  Qorvis and Makers Lab) EUR = USD 1.073 on average in Q1 2023 vs. USD 1.123 on average in Q1 2022EUR = GBP 0.883 on average in Q1 2023 vs. GBP 0.836 on average in Q1 2022DefinitionsNet revenue or Revenue less pass-through costs: Pass-through costs mainly concern production and media activities  as well as various expenses incumbent on clients. These items that can be re-billed to clients do not come within the scope of assessment of operations  net revenue is a more relevant indicator to measure the operational performance of the Groupe’s activities.Organic growth: Change in net revenue excluding the impact of acquisitions  disposals and currencies.Net Debt (or financial net debt): Sum of long and short financial debt and associated derivatives  net of treasury and cash equivalents  excluding lease liability since 1st January 2018.Average net debt: Average of monthly net debt at end of month.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.19,0.35,True,English,"['First Quarter 2023 Revenue', 'Publicis Groupe', '2022 global Media new business wins', 'mid single-digit organic increase', 'first quarter net revenue', 'North America net revenue', 'New Business dynamics', 'New Business momentum', 'Sonepar Business Transformation', 'rising macroeconomic uncertainties', 'challenging macroeconomic environment', 'free cash flow', 'Euro exchange rate', 'First Quarter 2023 Revenue', 'real time data', 'differentiated revenue mix', 'double digit growth', 'EUR Net revenue', 'The U.S.', 'Dunkin US Creative', 'Outdoor Media activities', 'last three years', 'Full year guidance', 'strong +10.4% organic growth', 'global economy', 'recent wins', 'differentiated model', 'Latin America', 'Exchange rates', 'US dollar', 'Creative activities', 'U.K.', 'last 5 years', 'Strong start', '+5.8% organic Acceleration', '+3.7% organic growth', '+5.8% organic growth', '+10% organic growth', 'English French', 'Publicis Sapient', 'Arthur Sadoun', 'health situation', 'number 2 position', 'one third', 'Media offerings', 'Walgreens Media', 'Mondelez Production', 'platform organization', 'industry-high margins', '18% operating margin', '1.6 billion Euros', 'continued efforts', 'positive impact', 'Asia Pacific', 'Middle East', 'Czech Republic', 'strong performance', 'double-digit growth', 'two years', 'recent years', '2022 Growth Growth', '2023 KPIs guidance', '2,800 million euros', '61 million euros', '14 million euros', 'solid numbers', 'top half', 'Publicis Groupe', '3 to 5% range', '3% organic China', 'solid performance', 'organic basis', 'Q1 last', 'industry rankings', 'market share', 'Eastern Europe', '2 years', '2023 guidance', '+5% guidance', '3,079 million', 'solid +3.', '17.5% to', 'April', 'expectations', 'Epsilon', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'ability', 'country', 'perspective', 'dimension', 'terms', 'case', 'capabilities', 'scale', 'competition', 'way', 'technology', 'leagues', 'Adobe', 'confidence', 'teams', 'clients', 'trust', 'Acquisitions', 'disposals', 'Breakdown', 'region', 'Africa', 'Canada', 'contribution', 'Drugstore', 'benefit', 'France', 'Germany', 'Central', 'Turkey', 'Hungary', 'Thailand', 'phas']",2023-04-20,2023-04-21,globenewswire.com
23433,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1106070027/Atos-Availability-Of-The-Universal-Registration-Document-Including-The-2022-Annual-Financial-Report,Atos - Availability Of The Universal Registration Document (Including The 2022 Annual Financial Report),Atos announces that its Universal Registration Document for the year 2022 was filed today  Friday April 21  2023  with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”) under number D.23-0321. This document notably includes: the 2022 annual financial report;,Availability of the Universal Registration Document 2022Bezons  April 21  2022Atos announces that its Universal Registration Document for the year 2022 was filed today  Friday April 21  2023  with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”) under number D.23-0321.This document notably includes:the 2022 annual financial report;the corporate governance report;the non-financial performance statement;the description of the share buyback program; and the reports from the statutory auditors.This document is available on the Atos website ( ) as well as on the AMF website ( ).###About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 111 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high-performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 69 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.ContactsInvestor Relations : Thomas Guillois – - +33 6 21 34 36 62Media : Anette Rey – - +33 6 69 79 84 88 - @AnetteReyAttachmentatos - availability of the universal registration document 2022,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Universal Registration Document', '2022 Annual Financial Report', 'Atos', 'Availability', 'The', 'French Financial Markets Authority', '2022 annual financial report', 'corporate governance report', 'non-financial performance statement', 'share buyback program', 'Universal Registration Document', 'secure information space', 'annual revenue', 'statutory auditors', 'global leader', 'digital transformation', 'high-performance computing', 'end solutions', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'Euronext Paris', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Investor Relations', 'Thomas Guillois', 'Anette Rey', 'AnetteRey Attachment', 'AMF website', 'European number', 'decarbonization services', 'Atos website', 'Availability', 'Bezons', 'April', 'year', 'description', 'reports', '111,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'cloud', 'Group', 'tailored', 'industries', '69 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'customers', 'members', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Contacts', 'Media']",2023-04-21,2023-04-21,menafn.com
23434,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ab-science-announces-implementation-strategy-202600271.html,AB Science announces the implementation of a new strategy and the launch of a capital increase,PRESS RELEASE FOCUS OF THE DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY ON AMYOTROPHIC LATERAL SCLEROSIS WITH THE MASITINIB PLATFORM AND ON THE SECOND MICROTUBULE PLATFORM AND SEARCH FOR PARTNERSHIPS FOR NON-RARE DISEASE INDICATIONS OF MASITINIB LAUNCH OF A CAPITAL INCREASE VIA A PRIVATE PLACEMENT FOR A MAXIMAL AMOUNT OF EUR 15.,AB SciencePRESS RELEASEFOCUS OF THE DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY ON AMYOTROPHIC LATERAL SCLEROSIS WITH THE MASITINIB PLATFORM AND ON THE SECOND MICROTUBULE PLATFORM AND SEARCH FOR PARTNERSHIPS FOR NON-RARE DISEASE INDICATIONS OF MASITINIBLAUNCH OF A CAPITAL INCREASE VIA A PRIVATE PLACEMENT FOR A MAXIMAL AMOUNT OF EUR 15.0 MILLIONParis  France  April 21  2023  10pm CETAB Science S.A. (the “Company” or “AB Science”)  NYSE Euronext – FR0010557264 – AB)  announces today the implementation of a new strategy and the launch  in support of this new strategy  of a capital increase through the issuance of new ordinary shares with attached warrants  with a waiver of preferential subscription rights  via a private placement for a maximum amount of approximately 15.0 million euros (the “Capital Increase”).I. FOCUS OF THE DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY ON AMYOTROPHIC LATERAL SCLEROSIS WITH THE MASITINIB PLATFORM  ON THE SECOND MICROTUBULE PLATFORM AND SEARCH FOR PARTNERSHIPS FOR NON-RARE DISEASE INDICATIONS OF MASITINIBAB Science has decided to focus its development strategy as follows:Allocation of current resources primarily to the development of masitinib for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and the development of the microtubule destabilizer agents (MDA) platform  with the clinical development of AB8939 in refractory acute myeloid leukemia and the initiation of regulatory preclinical development of a new oral molecule in the same microtubule class for sarcoma and solid tumors.We want to focus the majority of our clinical resources on the development of rare diseases with masitinib  on the development of the microtubule platform with AB8939 and future molecules of the same family due to the very encouraging first results.Acceleration of the process of seeking a license for masitinib in non-rare disease indications  with priority given to progressive forms of multiple sclerosis and Alzheimer's disease.This acceleration is possible now that the confirmatory Phase 3 studies have been approved by the FDA in the United States and the major European agencies. To this end  the Company has retained the services of a leading investment bank.Story continuesThis license search is a priority in the Company's strategy  given the number of clinical studies already conducted and the maturity of the pipeline  and given the additional investments required to complete the clinical program  up to market authorizations. We want to highlight that the duration of this license search is not predictable and that the realization of a license is dependent on a number of factors and is not guaranteed. However  the milestones reached at this stage are essential factors that contribute to the feasibility of this strategy.As a result of the focus strategy  AB Science has decided to adapt its organization  which should lead to a significant reduction in costs. This strategic focus reinforces and sustains the existing agreement between certain shareholders of AB Science and Alain Moussy.II. LAUNCH OF A CAPITAL INCREASE OF A MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF APPROXIMATELY 15.0 MILLION EUROSThe Capital Increase  for a maximum amount of 15.0 million euros (premium included)  would entail an issuance of 2 608 695 shares with attached warrants. Taking into account the exercise of the warrants  the maximum amount of the Capital Increase (premium included) could be increased by an amount of 26.3 million euros (i.e. a total of 3.9 million new ordinary shares).The proceeds of the Capital Increase will provide AB Science with the additional resources necessary to finance its activities over the next twelve months. In particular  the raised funds will be directly used:circa 8.0 million euros for the clinical development of masitinib in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and other orphan indications;circa 3.0 million euros for the development of the AB Science microtubule destabilizer agents platform;for the reminder  to finance  together with operational products of the Company  R&D and operational costs.The Capital Increase will also support the strategy detailed above.Terms of the Capital IncreaseThe Capital Increase will consist of a private placement pursuant to Articles L. 225-136 of the French Commercial Code and L. 411-2 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code. The Capital Increase will be carried out with a waiver of preferential subscription rights  pursuant to the delegation of authority granted to the Board of Directors under the 20th resolution of the Combined General Shareholders’ Meeting of June 29  2023.The Capital Increase will take the form of an issue of new ordinary shares (the “New Shares”) to each of which will be attached a share subscription warrant (the “Warrants”).The issue price of the New Shares has been set at 5.75 euros (0.01 euro par value and 5.74 euros issue premium) and the exercise price of the Warrants at 8.63 euros. The issue price reflects (i) a 10% discount to the weighted average of the Company’s share price on the regulated market of Euronext Paris during the last three trading sessions preceding the setting of the issue price (the “3-Day VWAP”)  i.e. 6.3878 euros  and (ii) a 20% discount to the 3-Day VWAP  including the theoretical value of one Warrant.One Warrant is attached to each New Share. Two Warrants give the right to subscribe for one new ordinary share of the Company  at a price of 8.63 euros per share  i.e. 150% of the issue price of the New Shares.The Warrants may be exercised from January 1st  2025 to December 31  2030.The theoretical value of each Warrant  assuming a volatility of 40% and based on the 3-Day VWAP  amounts to 0.6235 euros according to the Black & Scholes formula  representing 9.99% of the 3-Day VWAP.The Warrants will be immediately detached from the New Shares upon their issuance and will not be listed.Indicative timetableThe order book will be built before the opening of the market on April 24  2023  subject to any early closing.The number of New Shares will be announced in a subsequent press release by AB Science no later than April 24  2023 and as soon as possible following the closing of the order book.The settlement-delivery of the new ordinary shares to be issued in the context of the Capital Increase and their listing on Euronext Paris are expected to occur on April 28  2023 at the latest. The new shares will bear current dividend rights and will be listed on the regulated market on Euronext Paris under ISIN code: FR0010557264 – AB.Commitment of certain historical shareholdersCertain historical shareholders of AB Science have indicated their intention to for New Shares up to 10.5 million euros (in cash and by offsetting existing receivables)  representing up to approximately 70% of the maximum amount of the Capital Increase.The press release announcing the results of the Capital Increase will include a capitalization table post Capital Increase.This renewed support from the Company’s historical shareholders underlines their confidence in the Company’s strategy and technologies.Restructuring of convertible bonds issued in February 2022 and Class C preferred sharesAB Science and the holders of the convertible bonds issued in February 2022 have negotiated a framework agreement under which the terms and conditions of the bonds would be amended as follows: on July 15  2023  all the convertible bonds would be automatically converted into ordinary shares of AB Science on the basis of a price per share of 5.75 euros (i.e. the subscription price of the New Shares).A framework agreement has also been negotiated with the holders of Class C preferred shares (the “C Preferred”). The C Preferred would be repurchased by AB Science for one symbolic euro (and subsequently cancelled). 520 786 share warrants (each warrant entitling the holder to subscribe for one ordinary share of AB Science at par value for a period of 12 months) will be issued in substitution of the C Preferred. In addition  still in substitution of the C Preferred  a new class of preferred shares would be created  benefiting from priority dividend rights (equal to 1.25% of the net sales of masitinib or of any licensing royalties  up to a limit of 9.0 million euros) and convertible into 750 000 ordinary shares of AB Science if the share price of AB Science exceeds a threshold of 30 euros for more than 90 consecutive days.These agreements will be submitted to AB Science shareholders for approval at the next annual general shareholders meeting  Alain Moussy having declared that he was in favour of the planned restructuring.Finally  it will be proposed to the shareholders to extend the term of certain lines of warrants already issued  to adapt to the evolution of AB Science’s strategy and of its clinical pipeline.Information available to the publicThe Capital Increase will not be subject to a prospectus approved by the French Financial Market Authority (the “AMF”). AB Science draws the attention of the public to the risk factors relating to the Company and its business described in its annual management reports and press releases  which are available free of charge on the Company's website (www.ab-science.com).In addition  the main risks specific to securities are as follows:The existing shareholders who do not participate in the Capital Increase will see their shareholding in the share capital of AB Science diluted  and this shareholding may also be diluted in the event of exercise of the Warrants  as well as in the event of new securities transactions.AB Science may be unable to raise all the expected proceeds of the Capital Increase.The volatility and liquidity of AB Science shares could fluctuate significantly. The sale of Company shares may occur on the secondary market  after the Capital Increase  and have a negative impact on the Company share price.About masitinibMasitinib is a novel oral tyrosine kinase inhibitor that targets mast cells and macrophages  key immune cells  through inhibition of a limited number of kinases. Due to its unique mode of action  masitinib can be developed in a wide range of diseases  including oncology  inflammatory diseases  and certain central nervous system diseases. In oncology  through its immunotherapy activity  masitinib may have an effect on survival  alone or in combination with chemotherapy. Through its activity on mast cells and microglial cells and therefore its inhibitory effect on the activation of the inflammatory process  masitinib may have an effect on the symptoms associated with certain inflammatory and central nervous system diseases.About AB8939AB8939 is a new synthetic microtubule-destabilizing drug. Preclinical data show that AB8939 has broad anticancer activity  with a notable advantage over standard chemotherapies that target microtubules of being able to overcome P-glycoprotein (Pgp) and myeloperoxidase (MPO) mediated drug resistance. Development of drug resistance often restricts the clinical efficacy of microtubule-targeting chemotherapy drugs (for example  taxanes and vinca alkaloids); thus  AB8939 has strong potential to be developed in numerous oncology indications.About AB ScienceFounded in 2001  AB Science is a pharmaceutical company specializing in the research  development and commercialization of protein kinase inhibitors (PKIs)  a class of targeted proteins whose action are key in signaling pathways within cells. Our programs target only diseases with high unmet medical needs  often lethal with short term survival or rare or refractory to previous line of treatment.AB Science has developed a proprietary portfolio of molecules and the Company’s lead compound  masitinib  has already been registered for veterinary medicine and is developed in human medicine in oncology  neurological diseases  inflammatory diseases and viral diseases. The company is headquartered in Paris  France  and listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: AB).Further information is available on AB Science’s website: www.ab-science.com.DisclaimerIn accordance with article L. 411-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and the applicable regulatory provisions  no prospectus will be published or approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers.With respect to the Member States of the European Economic Area  no action has been taken or will be taken to allow a public offering of the securities covered by this press release that would require the publication of a prospectus (pursuant to Article 3 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 14  2017) in any of the Member States.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to subscribe or purchase  or the solicitation of an order to purchase or subscribe  for the New Shares in the United States of America or in any other jurisdiction. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration under the U.S. Securities Act or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act. AB Science does not intend to make a public offering of the New Shares in the United States of America or in any other jurisdiction.The distribution of this press release may be subject to legal or regulatory restrictions in certain countries. Persons in possession of this press release should inform themselves of and observe any local restrictions.The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. This information contains forward-looking statements  which are not guarantees of future performance. These statements are based on the current expectations and beliefs of AB Science’s management and are subject to several factors and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. AB Science and its affiliates  directors  officers  employees  consultants or agents do not undertake  and are not under any obligation  to release any updates to any forward-looking statement or to revise any forward-looking statement.For additional information  please contact :AB ScienceFinancial communication and public relationsinvestors@ab-science.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.29,0.32,True,English,"['AB Science', 'new strategy', 'capital increase', 'implementation', 'launch', 'AB8939 in refractory acute myeloid leukemia', 'AB Science microtubule destabilizer agents platform', 'last three trading ses', 'Combined General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'AB Science S.A.', '3.9 million new ordinary shares', 'SECOND MICROTUBULE PLATFORM', 'preferential subscription rights', 'encouraging first results', 'major European agencies', 'leading investment bank', 'next twelve months', 'other orphan indications', 'same microtubule class', 'AMYOTROPHIC LATERAL SCLEROSIS', 'new oral molecule', 'NON-RARE DISEASE INDICATIONS', 'confirmatory Phase 3 studies', 'share subscription warrant', 'French Commercial Code', 'regulatory preclinical development', 'The Capital Increase', '5.74 euros issue premium', 'New Shares', 'MDA) platform', 'multiple sclerosis', 'rare diseases', 'same family', 'clinical studies', 'French Monetary', 'Financial Code', 'share price', 'new strategy', 'MASITINIB PLATFORM', '15.0 million euros', '26.3 million euros', '8.0 million euros', '3.0 million euros', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'PRIVATE PLACEMENT', 'NYSE Euronext', 'current resources', 'solid tumors', 'clinical resources', 'future molecules', 'progressive forms', 'United States', 'additional investments', 'clinical program', 'market authorizations', 'significant reduction', 'existing agreement', 'Alain Moussy', 'additional resources', 'operational products', 'R&D', '20th resolution', 'issue price', 'regulated market', 'MAXIMAL AMOUNT', 'maximum amount', 'I. FOCUS', 'strategic focus', 'essential factors', 'operational costs', 'exercise price', 'Euronext Paris', 'focus strategy', 'attached warrants', 'II. LAUNCH', 'DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY', 'license search', '2,608,695 shares', '5.75 euros', '8.63 euros', 'PARTNERSHIPS', 'France', 'April', '10pm', 'Company', 'implementation', 'support', 'issuance', 'waiver', 'Allocation', 'treatment', 'initiation', 'sarcoma', 'majority', 'Acceleration', 'process', 'priority', 'Alzheimer', 'FDA', 'end', 'services', 'Story', 'number', 'maturity', 'pipeline', 'duration', 'realization', 'milestones', 'stage', 'feasibility', 'organization', 'APPROXIMATELY', 'account', 'total', 'proceeds', 'activities', 'funds', 'reminder', 'Terms', 'Articles', 'L.', 'delegation', 'authority', 'Board', 'Directors', 'June', '10% discount', 'average']",2023-04-21,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23435,EuroNext,Bing API,https://spaceref.com/space-commerce/eutelsat-joins-the-gsoa-driving-the-satellite-communications-ecosystem-of-the-future/,Eutelsat Joins The GSOA  Driving the Satellite Communications Ecosystem of the Future,Eutelsat Communications announces that it has become a full member of the Brussels-based Global Satellite Operators Association  the global CEO-driven association representing global and regional satellite operators.,eutelsatEutelsat Communications (Euronext Paris: ETL) (Paris:ETL) announces that it has become a full member of the Brussels-based Global Satellite Operators Association (GSOA)  the global CEO-driven association representing global and regional satellite operators.By joining GSOA  Eutelsat showcases its support towards a robust satellite communications sector with a united global voice  connecting the world in a sustainable way. Together with its fellow counterparts  Eutelsat intends to fully participate in shaping the satellite communications ecosystem of the future. Whether it be the availability of satellite frequency bands  to promoting the responsible use of space  to connecting the underserved  the multi-fold and strategic challenges in space require cooperation.Eutelsat adheres to the Association’s endeavours  notably ensuring the availability of satellite frequency bands during the ongoing World Radiocommunication Conference 2023 (WRC-23) process  key to allowing space technology to fully deploy its potential to serve the world’s connectivity needs.GSOA is recognised as the representative body for satellite operators by international  regional and national bodies including regulators  policymakers  standards-setting organisations such as the 3rd Generation Partnership Project (3GPP)  and international organisations like the International Telecommunications Union (ITU) and the World Economic Forum (WEF). Through GSOA  the satellite sector is working to respond to the requirements for a better data-driven society. Robust and scalable satellite infrastructures are ideally placed to bridge the digital  social  education and healthcare divides as well as  to be part of the 5G  6G  and IoT ecosystems.“I am thrilled to work with Eva Berneke  Eutelsat CEO and her team to deliver the benefits of satellite communication to citizens and governments and move the industry a step forward in delivering connectivity anywhere  anytime” – commented Isabelle Mauro  GSOA Director General.Eva Berneke  Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer  added: “Our teams are most enthusiastic to join GSOA at a time of major transformational changes in the industry  with a booming connectivity market  breakthrough innovations  and a considerable increase in the number of players involved. Implicated at various levels and in several working groups within the GSOA  we are eager to support the global satcoms industry on a resilient  responsible and innovative path”.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Satellite Communications Ecosystem', 'Eutelsat', 'The', 'GSOA', 'Future', 'Brussels-based Global Satellite Operators Association', '3rd Generation Partnership Project', 'ongoing World Radiocommunication Conference 2023', 'Eutelsat Chief Executive Officer', 'robust satellite communications sector', 'global CEO-driven association', 'united global voice', 'satellite communications ecosystem', 'satellite frequency bands', 'scalable satellite infrastructures', 'digital, social, education', 'major transformational changes', 'several working groups', 'regional satellite operators', 'International Telecommunications Union', 'World Economic Forum', 'booming connectivity market', 'global satcoms industry', 'GSOA Director General', 'satellite sector', 'international, regional', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'international organisations', 'full member', 'sustainable way', 'fellow counterparts', 'responsible use', 'strategic challenges', 'WRC-23) process', 'connectivity needs', 'representative body', 'national bodies', 'standards-setting organisations', 'data-driven society', 'healthcare divides', '5G, 6G', 'IoT ecosystems', 'Eva Berneke', 'Isabelle Mauro', 'breakthrough innovations', 'considerable increase', 'various levels', 'resilient, responsible', 'innovative path', 'Eutelsat CEO', 'Euronext Paris', 'space technology', 'ETL', 'support', 'future', 'availability', 'multi-fold', 'cooperation', 'endeavours', 'potential', 'regulators', 'policymakers', 'ITU', 'WEF', 'requirements', 'team', 'benefits', 'citizens', 'governments', 'step', 'time', 'number', 'players']",2023-04-21,2023-04-21,spaceref.com
23436,EuroNext,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/les-agences-de-papa-postponement-of-the-project-to-transfer-the-listing-of-the-shares-on-euronext-growth-paris-update-on-the-financial-situation-1032250382,Les Agences de Papa: Postponement of the project to transfer the listing of the shares on Euronext Growth Paris Update on the financial situation,"LES AGENCES DE PAPA (hereinafter the ""Company"") announces the postponement of its plan to transfer the listing of its shares on the Euronext Growth Pari","Postponement of the project to transfer the listing of the shares on Euronext Growth ParisUpdate on the financial situationPublication of the financial statements as of December 31  2022 scheduled for May 31  2023 at the latestNice  21 April 2023 17:45LES AGENCES DE PAPA (hereinafter the ""Company"") announces the postponement of its plan to transfer the listing of its shares on the Euronext Growth Paris market (press release of March 14th  2023).The financing facility of up to 10 million through the issuance of share warrants announced in the Company's press release of March 14  2023  which was conditional upon the transfer of the listing  remains in force but cannot be implemented immediately.The Company is actively working to finance its working capital requirements and has already received 2 million of interest.In addition  in order to strengthen the Company's equity  the founders  Mr. Frédéric Ibanez and Mr. Nicolas Fratini  have already committed to capitalize the current accounts of their holding companies  GFI Partners and Papas Invest  up to an amount of 7 000 000 during the upcoming financing operation.The Company also launched a process to reduce its operating costs  in particular by implementing a staff restructuring plan.In view of these elements  the Company plans to publish its financial statements for the year ending December 31  2022 by May 31  2023 at the latest.About Les Agences de Papa :Les Agences de Papa is an independent digital real estate network  created in October 2019 by 2 entrepreneurial dads from Nice  Nicolas Fratini and Frédéric Ibanez. The company proposes a unique and differentiating offer  based on the concept of a 100% digital real estate agency with a fixed commission. www.lesagencesdepapa.fr.About Versity :VERSITY is the first metaverse dedicated to real estate and the housing life cycle  serving professionals  investors and individuals. The VERSITY metaverse aims to become the reference ecosystem for real-time exchanges between all the players involved in a real estate transaction. https://www.versity.io/en.Contact Les Agences de Papa :",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.64,0.34,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext Growth Paris Update', 'Les Agences de', 'financial situation', 'Papa', 'Postponement', 'project', 'listing', 'shares', 'Mr. Frédéric Ibanez', 'independent digital real estate network', '100% digital real estate agency', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'LES AGENCES DE PAPA', 'real estate transaction', 'working capital requirements', 'Mr. Nicolas Fratini', 'housing life cycle', 'upcoming financing operation', 'staff restructuring plan', 'financing facility', 'financial situation', 'financial statements', 'press release', 'share warrants', 'current accounts', 'holding companies', 'GFI Partners', 'Papas Invest', 'operating costs', '2 entrepreneurial dads', 'differentiating offer', 'fixed commission', 'reference ecosystem', 'real-time exchanges', 'first metaverse', 'The Company', 'Postponement', 'project', 'listing', 'shares', 'Update', 'Publication', 'December', 'May', 'Nice', '21 April', 'March', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'force', '2 million', 'interest', 'addition', 'order', 'equity', 'founders', 'amount', 'process', 'view', 'elements', 'year', 'October', 'unique', 'concept', 'lesagencesdepapa', 'Versity', 'professionals', 'investors', 'individuals', 'players', 'Contact']",2023-04-21,2023-04-21,markets.businessinsider.com
23437,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ferrari-n-v-periodic-report-162400081.html,FERRARI N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM,Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Second Tranche”) ,Ferrari N.V.Maranello (Italy)  April 21  2023 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Second Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) and on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as follows:EXM NYSE Total Trading Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Consideration excluding fees Number of common shares purchased Average price per share Consideration excluding fees Date excluding fees excluding fees excluding fees (d/m/y) (€) (€) ($) ($) (€)* (€)* (€)* 13/04/2023 4 360 255.2073 1 112 703.83 - - - - 4 360 255.2073 1 112 703.83 14/04/2023 4 280 258.4772 1 106 282.42 - - - - 4 280 258.4772 1 106 282.42 17/04/2023 4 290 257.8319 1 106 098.85 6 357 279.7463 1 778 347.23 1 619 476.58 10 647 255.9947 2 725 575.43 18/04/2023 4 330 256.2253 1 109 455.55 - - - - 4 330 256.2253 1 109 455.55 19/04/2023 4 335 254.9310 1 105 125.89 - - - - 4 335 254.9310 1 105 125.89 20/04/2023 4 430 249.8829 1 106 981.25 - - - - 4 430 249.8829 1 106 981.25 26 025 255.3947 6 646 647.78 6 357 279.7463 1 778 347.23 1 619 476.58 32 382 255.2691 8 266 124.35 Total(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Second Tranche till April 20  2023  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 109 066 573.91 for No. 471 747 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 24 928 758.14 (Euro 23 410 335.25*) for No. 101 422 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of April 20  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 12 355 164 common shares equal to 4.81% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Story continuesSince July 1  2022 until April 20  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 1 381 577 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 291 650 899.18.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['FERRARI N.V.', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'THE', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', 'EXM NYSE Total Trading Number', 'Ferrari N.V. Maranello', '200 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'No. 471,747 common shares', 'No. 101,422 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'share capital', '355,164 common shares', 'second tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'Italy', 'April', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'December', 'line', 'disclosure', 'fees', 'Date', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'Story', 'July', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment', '77']",2023-04-21,2023-04-21,finance.yahoo.com
23438,EuroNext,Bing API,https://igamingbusiness.com/finance/market-listings/lottomatica-ipo-aims-to-raise-2-36bn/,Lottomatica IPO aims to raise £2.36bn,The operator will set its IPO price range between €9 to €11  implying a market capitalisation of up to €2.67bn.,Italian gaming operator Lottomatica announced that it will set its initial public offering (IPO) price range between €9 to €11  implying a market capitalisation of up to €2.67bn (£2.36bn/ $2.93bn).Lottomatica’s IPO – which is set to run from 24 to 27 April – will aim to raise €600m consisting of €425m of newly issued stock  as well as €175m of shares to be sold by existing investor Gamma Topco. A substantial chunk of the raised capital will be used to finance debt  much of which is owned by Lottomatica’s parent company Apollo Global Management.Gamma granted investment firm Goldman Sachs an option to purchase nearly 20 000 000 additional shares  to be exercised during a period of up to 30 days after the shares start trading on the Euronext Milan exchange. This amounts to around 15% of the total number of shares on offer.Guglielmo Angelozzi  LOTTOMATICA CEOThe offering will initially be available to institutional investors in the European Economic Area and UK  as well as some qualified investors in the US. The offering still awaits approval from the stock exchange Borsa Italiana and the Italian financial regulator Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (CONSOB).A consortium of banks including Barclays Bank Ireland  Deutsche Bank  Goldman Sachs  JP Morgan and UniCredit are acting as global coordinators and bookrunners for the venture. Credit Suisse is additionally providing financial advising services.Lottomatica first year of tradingIn May 2021  IGT completed the €950m sale of its Italian facing B2C gaming business to a subsidiary of funds owned by Apollo. Last month  Lottomatica’s 2022 financial report saw revenue growth push the business into profitability during its first full year of trading since the company’s acquisition.During the period  the Lottomatica reported a net profit of €79.3m  following a 72.8% increase in revenue. Lottomatica was able to report a net profit of €79.3m (£69.7m/$84.0m) for its 2022 financial year following a 72.8% increase in revenue to €1.41bn.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Lottomatica IPO', 'stock exchange Borsa Italiana', 'Euronext Milan exchange', 'European Economic Area', 'first full year', 'Barclays Bank Ireland', 'financial advising services', 'Italian gaming operator', 'IPO) price range', 'B2C gaming business', 'Italian financial regulator', 'initial public offering', 'Apollo Global Management', 'Lottomatica first year', '2022 financial year', 'Deutsche Bank', 'global coordinators', '2022 financial report', 'market capitalisation', 'existing investor', 'substantial chunk', 'investment firm', 'Goldman Sachs', 'total number', 'Guglielmo Angelozzi', 'institutional investors', 'qualified investors', 'Commissione Nazionale', 'JP Morgan', 'Credit Suisse', '€950m sale', 'net profit', 'Gamma Topco', 'parent company', 'LOTTOMATICA CEO', 'revenue growth', '20,000,000 additional shares', '27 April', 'debt', 'option', 'period', 'up', '30 days', 'UK', 'approval', 'Società', 'CONSOB', 'consortium', 'banks', 'UniCredit', 'bookrunners', 'venture', 'trading', 'May', 'IGT', 'subsidiary', 'funds', 'profitability', 'acquisition', '72.8% increase', '24']",2023-04-21,2023-04-21,igamingbusiness.com
23439,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.tasnimnews.com/en/news/2023/04/21/2883405/protesters-storm-paris-stock-exchange-in-anti-government-rally-video,Protesters Storm Paris Stock Exchange in Anti-Government Rally (+Video) - World news - Tasnim News Agency,Hundreds of protesters entered the Euronext stock exchange in Paris on Thursday  burning flares and chanting anti-government slogans.,"The brief occupation of the building is the latest in a series of continuous demonstrations since President Emmanuel Macron hiked the retirement age.Roughly 200-300 protesters waved trade union flags as they stormed the lobby of the exchange. Their flares filled the building with red smoke and set off alarms. ""We are here  we are here  even if Macron does not want it we are here ” they chanted  as a small contingent of riot police waited outside  according to RT.Many of the protesters were rail workers  whose unions earlier called for “expressions of anger” outside railway stations on Thursday  as shown by the flags and banners they carried. The disruption at Euronext came less than a week after Macron signed a bill raising the retirement age for most French workers from 62 to 64. The bill was tremendously unpopular  and Macron’s decision to invoke special constitutional powers last month to pass it without a parliamentary vote triggered violent protests across the country.""The president has refused to reconsider the bill  arguing that raising the retirement age is necessary to keep France’s social security system afloat "" said a spokesperson. The unions disagree  arguing that the system could be propped up by corporate tax hikes. ""We are told that there is no money to finance pensions ” one trade unionist told Sky News on Thursday  adding that there is “no need to get the money from the pockets of workers  there is some in the pockets of billionaires.”France’s trade unions have vowed to continue organizing strikes and demonstrations  calling for mass turnout on May 1  a traditional day of left-wing marches and rallies. Macron’s political opponents on both the left and right have promised to keep up their opposition too  with right-wing National Rally leader Marine Le Pen calling the bill “the final break between Macron and the French people ” and veteran left-winger Jean-Luc Melenchon accusing Macron of imposing a “presidential monarchy” on France.",neutral,0.0,0.73,0.27,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['Paris Stock Exchange', 'Tasnim News Agency', 'World news', 'Anti-Government Rally', 'Protesters', 'Video', 'right-wing National Rally leader', 'veteran left-winger Jean-Luc Melenchon', 'special constitutional powers', 'corporate tax hikes', 'Marine Le Pen', 'one trade unionist', 'social security system', 'trade union flags', 'most French workers', 'President Emmanuel Macron', 'French people', 'brief occupation', 'retirement age', 'red smoke', 'small contingent', 'riot police', 'rail workers', 'railway stations', 'parliamentary vote', 'violent protests', 'Sky News', 'trade unions', 'mass turnout', 'traditional day', 'left-wing marches', 'political opponents', 'final break', 'presidential monarchy', 'continuous demonstrations', '200-300 protesters', 'building', 'series', 'lobby', 'exchange', 'flares', 'alarms', 'RT', 'expressions', 'anger', 'Thursday', 'banners', 'disruption', 'Euronext', 'bill', 'decision', 'country', 'France', 'spokesperson', 'money', 'pensions', 'need', 'pockets', 'strikes', 'May', 'rallies', 'opposition']",2023-04-21,2023-04-21,tasnimnews.com
23440,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.lemonde.fr/en/politics/article/2023/04/21/marches-storming-euronext-and-banging-pots-pension-reform-opponents-look-to-keep-protests-alive_6023724_5.html,Marches  storming Euronext  and banging pots: Pension reform opponents look to keep protests alive,Several actions were organized throughout Thursday  in the build-up to a Labor Day mobilization on May 1 that activists and unions hope will be historic.,"Demonstrators enter the entrance hall of the Euronext  in the business district of La Défense  just outside Paris  on April 20  2023. GEOFFROY VAN DER HASSELT / AFPGiving up is simply not an option. Across France  in Paris  Rennes  Lyon  Montauban and Ganges  numerous actions were carried out on Thursday Thursday  April 20  a little less than a week after the enactment of the highly controversial pension reform. Some of them followed the ""day of expression of railway workers' anger "" launched by the national railway unions  while others went out to welcome President Emmanuel Macron and members of the government by banging on pots and pans.This mobilization serves as a warm-up before a May 1 demonstration that activists and unions hope will be historically large. But to the staunchest activists  who fear a loss in protest momentum  that date seems far off.In Paris  at 11:00 am  railway workers gathered for an assembly at the Gare de Lyon station. At the end of platform 23  some proposed ""one hundred days of insurrection "" and others ""one hundred days of total war"" in response to the President's proposed hundred days of peace to re-start his second term.The most important thing is to keep going and not to let ""the mobilization disappear "" explained Rémy (who did not want to give his last name)  a 32-year-old train driver. ""There are still many activists who want to engage in actions "" said Fabien Villedieu  head of the SUD-Rail union at Gare de Lyon. Unlike the French president  they have not moved on and do not wish to do so until they are heard out.'Make the CAC 40 pay for our pensions'At 12 o'clock  around three hundred people followed Villedieu to a secret location. They boarded the RER A train. ""Destination Charles-de-Gaulle or La Défense?"" asked Maria  47  an airport worker who came to support the railway workers. At around 12:27  strikers stormed the Euronext stock exchange headquarters in the La Défense business district. The tower lobby of the owner of the Paris Stock Exchange became unbreathable  caught in a thick red cloud of smoke from flares. The SUD-Rail flags flew proudly. A brief  but ""enjoyable"" moment  according to Maria.""We've simply come to say that if there's a problem with financing the retirement system  well then we have to come and get it here "" said Fabien Villedieu. Others pasted  letter-by-letter  the message ""Make the CAC 40 pay for our pensions"" on the windows of the stock exchange building. On April 13  they had similarly invaded the lobby of the LVMH headquarters – near the Champs-Élysées – and on April 6  a building housing companies in the financial sector  including Black Rock  the world's largest asset management company.You have 41.39% of this article left to read. The rest is for subscribers only.",negative,0.01,0.14,0.85,mixed,0.19,0.08,0.73,True,English,"['Pension reform opponents', 'Marches', 'Euronext', 'pots', 'protests', 'La Défense business district', 'largest asset management company', 'Gare de Lyon station', 'Euronext stock exchange headquarters', 'stock exchange building', 'controversial pension reform', '32-year-old train driver', 'RER A train', 'thick red cloud', 'Champs-Élysées', 'building housing companies', 'three hundred people', 'The SUD-Rail flags', 'one hundred days', 'Paris Stock Exchange', 'President Emmanuel Macron', ""railway workers' anger"", 'national railway unions', 'LVMH headquarters', 'SUD-Rail union', 'entrance hall', 'GEOFFROY VAN', 'May 1 demonstration', 'protest momentum', 'total war', 'second term', 'important thing', 'Rémy', 'last name', 'French president', ""12 o'clock"", 'secret location', 'Destination Charles-de-Gaulle', 'airport worker', 'enjoyable"" moment', 'retirement system', 'financial sector', 'Black Rock', 'staunchest activists', 'many activists', 'Fabien Villedieu', 'numerous actions', 'tower lobby', 'Demonstrators', 'April', 'HASSELT', 'AFP', 'option', 'France', 'Rennes', 'Montauban', 'Ganges', 'Thursday', 'enactment', 'expression', 'others', 'members', 'government', 'pots', 'pans', 'mobilization', 'warm-up', 'loss', 'date', '11:00 am', 'assembly', 'end', 'platform', 'response', 'peace', 'CAC', 'pensions', 'Maria', 'strikers', 'owner', 'smoke', 'flares', 'problem', 'letter', 'message', 'windows', 'world', 'article', 'rest', 'subscribers']",2023-04-21,2023-04-21,lemonde.fr
