UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
48852,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-valmet-oyj-302375726.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Valmet Oyj,"Valmet Oyj's stock exchange release on February 13  2025 at 9:05 a.m. EET ESPOO  Finland  Feb. 13  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Valmet Oyj (""Valmet"" or the ""Company"") to the Annual General Meeting to be held on March 26  2025 st…","Valmet Oyj's stock exchange release on February 13  2025 at 9:05 a.m. EETESPOO  Finland  Feb. 13  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice is given to the shareholders of Valmet Oyj (""Valmet"" or the ""Company"") to the Annual General Meeting to be held on March 26  2025 starting at 1:00 p.m (EET) at Scandic Marina Congress Center  Europaea hall at the address Katajanokanlaituri 6  00160 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of the shareholders who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 12:00 noon.The shareholders have the opportunity to exercise their voting rights also by voting in advance. In addition  the shareholders who have registered for the meeting can follow the Annual General Meeting via a webcast. For further instructions  please refer to Section C. ""Instructions for the Participants in the Annual General Meeting"" of this notice.After the Annual General Meeting  coffee will be served at the meeting venue.1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of the votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor's report and the sustainability reporting assurance report for the year 2024- Review by the President and CEO.7. Adoption of the financial statements and the consolidated financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of fundsThe Company's distributable equity as of December 31  2024 totaled EUR 1 584 868 527.03  of which the net profit for the year 2024 was EUR 332 895 633.84.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 1.35 per share be paid based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year which ended December 31  2024 and the remaining part of profit be retained and carried further in the Company's unrestricted equity.The dividend shall be paid in two instalments. The first instalment of EUR 0.68 per share shall be paid to shareholders who on the dividend record date March 28  2025 are registered in the Company's shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The dividend shall be paid on April 8  2025.The second instalment of EUR 0.67 per share shall be paid in October 2025. The second instalment shall be paid to shareholders who on the dividend record date are registered in the Company's shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The dividend payment date shall be resolved by the Board of Directors in its meeting preliminarily scheduled for September 25  2025. The dividend record date for the second instalment would then be September 29  2025 and the dividend payment date October 7  2025.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10. Adoption of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopt the remuneration report of the Company.11. Resolution on remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsValmet has on January 27  2025 announced the updated proposals of Valmet's Shareholders' Nomination Board to the Annual General Meeting. The Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the annual remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors to be elected for the term until the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026 be increased and as follows:- EUR 155 000 for the Chair of the Board (2024: EUR 150 000) - EUR 85 500 for the Vice-Chair of the Board (2024: EUR 82 500)  and- EUR 68 000 for a Board member (2024: EUR 66 000).Furthermore  the Nomination Board proposes that a base fee of EUR 7 300 (2024: EUR 7 300) shall be paid for each member of the Audit Committee  EUR 16 700 (2024: EUR 16 700) for the Chair of the Audit Committee  EUR 4 200 (2024: EUR 4 200) for each member of the Remuneration and HR Committee  and EUR 8 500 (2024: EUR 8 500) for the Chair of the Remuneration and HR Committee.In addition  the Nomination Board proposes that a meeting fee in the amount of EUR 750 (2024: EUR 750) shall be paid for those members whose place of residence is in Nordic countries  EUR 1 500 (2024: EUR 1 500) for those members whose place of residence is elsewhere in Europe and EUR 3 000 (2024: EUR 3 000) for those members whose place of residence is outside of Europe for the Board meetings attended  including the meetings of the committees of the Board of Directors.For meetings in which a Board member participates via remote connection  including the meetings of the committees of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board proposes that a meeting fee of EUR 750 shall be paid to Board members. Furthermore  the Nomination Board proposes that a meeting fee of EUR 1 500 shall be paid to Board members for a Board travel meeting  including the meetings of the committees of the Board of Directors.The Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that as a condition for the annual remuneration  the members of the Board of Directors are obliged directly based on the Annual General Meeting's resolution to use 40 percent of the fixed annual remuneration for purchasing Valmet shares at a price formed on a regulated market on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd stock exchange  and that the purchase will be carried out within two weeks from the publication of the Interim Review for the period January 1 to March 31  2025.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the number of members of the Board of Directors for the term expiring at the close of the Annual General Meeting 2026 be eight (8).13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting  that- Anu Hämäläinen  Pekka Kemppainen  Annareetta Lumme-Timonen  Monika Maurer and Annika Paasikivi are re-elected as Board members - Pekka Vauramo  Bernd Eikens and Jonas Gustavsson are elected as new Board members  and- Pekka Vauramo be elected as the new Chair of the Board and Annika Paasikivi be elected as the new Vice-Chair of the Board for the term expiring at the close of the Annual General Meeting 2026.Mikael Mäkinen  Chair of the Board of Directors  Jaakko Eskola  Vice-Chair of the Board of Directors and Per Lindberg  Member of the Board of Directors  have informed Valmet's Nomination Board that they will not be available in the election of the Board of Directors in the next Annual General Meeting. Mikael Mäkinen has served as a member and Chair of Valmet's Board of Directors since 2019. Jaakko Eskola has served as a member and Vice-Chair of Valmet's Board of Directors since 2022. Per Lindberg has served as a member of Valmet's Board of Directors since 2021.Should any member of the candidates proposed by the Nomination Board for any reason not be available for election to the Board of Directors  the proposed number of Board members shall be decreased accordingly  and the remaining available candidates are proposed to be elected in accordance with the proposal by the Nomination Board.The Nomination Board recommends that with regard to the selection procedure for Board members  the shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting.At the time of the resolution of the Nomination Board it is assessed that all proposed Board members are independent of the Company. With the exception of Annareetta Lumme-Timonen and Annika Paasikivi  the proposed Board members are independent of the Company's significant shareholders. Annareetta Lumme-Timonen is evaluated as being not independent of significant shareholders due to her role as Investment Director at Solidium Oy and Annika Paasikivi is evaluated as being not independent of significant shareholders due to her role as President and CEO at Oras Invest Ltd.The Nomination Board notes that the Board elected by the Annual General Meeting will separately evaluate the independence of the Board members. Valmet complies with the Finnish Corporate Governance Code in defining the independence of the Board members.Personal information and positions of trust of the proposed individuals are available on the Company's website (www.valmet.com). All candidates have given their consent to the appointments.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorBased on the proposal of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration to the Auditor be paid in accordance with the Auditor's invoice and the principles approved by the Audit Committee.15. Election of the AuditorBased on the proposal of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that authorized public accountants firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be re-elected as the Auditor of the Company. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has informed that Pasi Karppinen (Authorized Public Accountant  KHT) would act as the responsible auditor of the Company.16. Resolution on the remuneration of the Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderBased on the proposal of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration to the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider be paid in accordance with the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider's invoice and the principles approved by the Audit Committee.17. Election of the Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderBased on the proposal of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that authorized sustainability audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be elected as the Sustainability Reporting Assurance Provider of the Company. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has informed that Pasi Karppinen (Authorized Sustainability Auditor) would act as the responsible sustainability auditor of the Company.18. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company's own shares in one or several tranches. The maximum number of shares to be repurchased shall be 9 200 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 5.0 percent of all the shares in the Company. Based on the authorization  the Company's own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase). The Company's own shares may be [repurchased using the unrestricted equity of the Company at a price formed on a regulated market on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd on the date of the repurchase or at a price otherwise formed on the market. The Board of Directors resolves how the own shares will be repurchased. Own shares can be repurchased also by using derivatives.The Company's own shares may be repurchased for reasons of developing the Company's capital structure  financing or carrying out acquisitions  investments or other business transactions  or for the shares to be used as a part of the Company's incentive schemes  however so that a maximum of 755 000 shares may be repurchased to be used as a part of the Company's incentive schemes  which corresponds to approximately 0.4 percent of all the shares in the Company.The Board of Directors resolves on all other terms related to the repurchasing of the Company's own shares.The authorization shall remain in force until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  and it cancels the authorization granted in the Annual General Meeting of March 21  2024  related to the repurchasing of the Company's own shares.19. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorize the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares pursuant to Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act in one or several tranches. The issuance of shares may be carried out by offering new shares or by transferring treasury shares held by Valmet. Based on this authorization  the Board of Directors may also resolve on a directed share issue in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights and on the granting of special rights subject to the conditions mentioned in the Finnish Companies Act.Based on this authorization  a maximum number of 18 500 000 shares may be issued  which corresponds to approximately 10.0 percent of all the shares in Valmet.The new shares and treasury shares may be issued for consideration or without consideration.The Board of Directors resolves on all other terms of the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares pursuant to Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. The Board of Directors may use this authorization  for example  for reasons of developing the Company's capital structure  in financing or carrying out acquisitions  investments or other business transactions  or for the shares to be used as a part of the Company's incentive schemes  however so that the Board of Directors may issue a maximum of 755 000 shares to be used as a part of the Company's incentive schemes  which corresponds to approximately 0.4 percent of all the shares in the Company.The authorization shall remain in force until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  and it cancels the authorization granted in the Annual General Meeting of March 21  2024  to resolve on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.20. Closing of the meetingDocuments of the General MeetingThe proposals for resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting and this notice are available on Valmet's website at www.valmet.com/agm. The Financial Statements 2024  which includes the financial statements  the consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors (including the sustainability report)  the auditor's report and the sustainability reporting assurance report  as well as the remuneration report will be published and available on Valmet's website at www.valmet.com/agm at the latest as of March 5  2025.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website at the latest as of April 9  2025.Instructions for the participants in the Annual General Meeting1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting March 14  2025 in the shareholders' register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on their personal Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account  is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting affect neither the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting nor the shareholder's number of votes.A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders' register of the Company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  has to register for the meeting no later than on March 19  2025 at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by giving a prior notice of participation.Registration for the Annual General Meeting will commence on February 19  2025 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). The notice has to be received before the end of the registration period. Such notice can be given:(a) on the Company's website at www.valmet.com/agmElectronic registration requires strong authentication of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or the proxy representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate.(b) by regular mail by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the Company's website at the latest as of February 19  2025  or corresponding information  addressed to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Valmet Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland.(c) by e-mail by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the Company's website at the latest as of February 19  2025  or corresponding information  addressed to agm@innovatics.fi.(d) by phone to +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. (EET).In connection with the registration  the requested information must be provided  such as the shareholder's name  date of birth or business ID and contact details. Any personal data provided to Valmet or Innovatics Ltd will only be used for the purposes of the Annual General Meeting and for the processing of related registrations.A shareholder  their proxy representative  legal representative or assistant  if any  shall be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the Annual General Meeting.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares based on which they on the Annual General Meeting record date March 14  2025 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by March 21  2025 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the Annual General Meeting affect neither the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting nor the shareholder's number of votes.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding temporary registration in the shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents  registration in the Annual General Meeting and advance voting from their custodian bank.The account management organization of the custodian bank shall register a holder of the nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  temporarily into the shareholders' register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above and arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting also by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative shall provide a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. The right to represent may be demonstrated by using the suomi.fi authorization service available on Innovatics Ltd's registration service. More information is available at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts or equity savings accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.A proxy and voting instruction template will be available on the Company's website at www.valmet.com/agm at the latest as of February 19  2025.Possible proxy documents should be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration or alternatively by regular mail addressed to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Valmet Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi before the expiry of the registration period on March 19  2025 at 4:00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the proxy documents must be received.In addition to delivering proxy documents  a shareholder or their proxy representative shall take care of the registration for the Annual General Meeting and possible advance voting in the manner described in this notice.4. Advance votingShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account or equity savings account may vote in advance on certain agenda matters of the Annual General Meeting during the period from February 19  2025 at 10:00 a.m. until March 19  2025 at 4:00 p.m. (EET).A shareholder who has voted in advance may request information under the Finnish Companies Act  request a vote at the Annual General Meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal only if they are present at the Annual General Meeting by themselves or by proxy.Advance voting can be done in the following ways:(a) on the Company's website at www.valmet.com/agmElectronic registration and advance voting require strong authentication of the shareholder or their legal representative or the proxy representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate.(b) by email or regular mailA shareholder may submit the registration and advance voting form available on the Company's website or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by email addressed to agm@innovatics.fi  or by regular mail addressed to Innovatics Ltd  Annual General Meeting / Valmet Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by submitting the votes in advance  submission of the votes before the end of the registration and advance voting period constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that they contain the above-mentioned information required for the registration. The advance votes must be received by the end of the registration and advance voting period at the latest.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented without amendments at the Annual General Meeting.Instructions regarding the advance voting  and the terms related to the electronic advance voting are available on the Company's website at www.valmet.com/agm.5. Other instructions and informationThe meeting language will be Finnish. There is simultaneous interpretation into English at the meeting venue.Further information on registration and advance voting is available from Innovatics Ltd during the registration and advance voting period by telephone from +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m. (EET).A shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act.The Company will arrange an opportunity for shareholders who have registered for the meeting to follow the meeting online via a webcast. Detailed instructions on following the webcast will be available on the Company's website www.valmet.com/agm before the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders are asked to take into account that following the meeting via webcast is not considered participating in the Annual General Meeting  and that it is not possible for the shareholders to exercise their shareholder rights in the Annual General Meeting through the webcast. Shareholders that wish to follow the webcast can exercise their voting rights by voting on the matter on the agenda in advance in accordance with the instructions provided above.On the date of this notice February 13  2025  the total number of shares and votes in Valmet is 184 529 605. The total amount includes 364 258 treasury shares held by the Company. Such treasury shares held by the Company do not have voting rights.Espoo  February 13  2025VALMET OYJBoard of DirectorsFurther information  please contact:Rasmus Oksala  General Counsel  Valmet  tel. +358 50 3173 830Pekka Rouhiainen  VP  Investor Relations  Valmet  tel. +358 10 672 0020VALMETKatri HokkanenCFOPekka RouhiainenVP  Investor RelationsDISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediawww.valmet.comValmet has a global customer base across various process industries. We are a leading global developer and supplier of process technologies  automation and services for the pulp  paper and energy industries  and with our automation and flow control solutions we serve an even wider base of process industries. Our more than 19 000 professionals around the world work close to our customers and are committed to moving our customers' performance forward - every day.The company has more than 225 years of industrial history and a strong track record in continuous improvement  sustainability and renewal. Valmet's net sales in 2024 were approximately EUR 5.4 billion.Valmet's shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki and the head office is in Espoo  Finland.Follow us on valmet.com | X | X (IR) | LinkedIn | Facebook | YouTube | Instagram |Processing of personal dataThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/valmet-oyj/r/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-valmet-oyj c4105019",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Valmet Oyj', 'Notice', 'Scandic Marina Congress Center', 'sustainability reporting assurance report', 'stock exchange release', 'dividend record date', 'dividend payment date', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Board travel meeting', 'The Nomination Board', ""Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'annual remuneration', 'meeting venue', 'meeting fee', 'The Board', 'Europaea hall', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'Section C.', 'balance sheet', 'distributable equity', 'remaining part', 'unrestricted equity', 'two instalments', 'first instalment', 'second instalment', 'governing bodies', 'base fee', 'Audit Committee', 'HR Committee', 'Nordic countries', 'remote connection', 'financial year', 'The Company', 'remuneration report', ""shareholders' register"", 'Valmet Oyj', 'net profit', 'Board member', 'Board meetings', 'year 2024', 'members', 'February', '9:05 a', 'ESPOO', 'Notice', 'March', 'address', 'Katajanokanlaituri', 'Helsinki', 'reception', 'distribution', '12:00 noon', 'opportunity', 'advance', 'addition', 'webcast', 'instructions', 'Participants', 'coffee', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'funds', 'December', 'April', 'October', 'September', 'discharge', 'liability', 'January', 'proposals', 'term', 'close', 'Chair', 'amount', 'place', 'residence', 'Europe', 'committees', '1:00']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,prnewswire.co.uk
48853,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/13/3025615/0/en/Notice-convening-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Siili-Solutions-Plc.html,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Siili Solutions Plc,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Siili Solutions Plc  Siili Solutions Plc Stock Exchange Release 13 February 2025 at 9:10 a.m. (Finnish...,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of Siili Solutions PlcSiili Solutions Plc Stock Exchange Release 13 February 2025 at 9:10 a.m. (Finnish time)The shareholders of Siili Solutions Plc are invited to the Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday  8 April 2025 starting at 2:00 p.m. (Finnish time) at the address Töölönlahdenkatu 2  FI-00100 Helsinki  Finland (event venue Eliel  Sanomatalo). The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at the meeting venue at 1:30 p.m. (Finnish time).Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Further information on advance voting is presented in section C. 2. of this meeting notice.Shareholders can follow the General Meeting via a video stream. Other persons than the Company’s shareholders are also welcome to follow the video stream. Instructions on how to follow the video stream are available on the Company’s website at the address https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2025. It is not possible to pose any other questions than those referred to below in this section  make counterproposals  otherwise speak or vote via the video stream. Following the meeting via the video stream or asking questions as referred to below shall not be considered as participation in the General Meeting or as the exercise of shareholder rights. Persons who follow the video stream may ask questions or make comments to the CEO in writing during the CEO’s review in agenda item 6. through the chat functionality. A recording of the video stream will be available on the Company’s website after the General Meeting  no later than on 22 April 2025.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE GENERAL MEETINGThe General Meeting shall consider the following matters:Opening of the meetingCalling the meeting to orderElection of the persons to scrutinise the minutes and the persons to supervise the counting of votesRecording the legality of the meetingRecording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votesPresentation of the financial statements  including the consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the auditor’s report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting for the year 2024Presentation of the CEO’s review.The annual report  including the report of the Board of Directors  the consolidated financial statements  the financial statements of the parent company  the auditor’s report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting will be available on the Company’s website at https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2025 at the latest on 14 March 2025.Adoption of the financial statements  including the consolidated financial statementsResolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that  based on the adopted balance sheet for the financial period 2024  a dividend of EUR 0 18 per share be paid from the Company’s distributable funds  i.e.  approximately EUR 1.46 million in total based on the status of the date of this meeting notice  and that the rest of the distributable funds be retained in equity.The dividend shall be paid to shareholders who on the dividend record date 10 April 2025 are registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on 17 April 2025.Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liabilityConsideration of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe remuneration report for governing bodies is available on the Company’s website at the address https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2025 at the latest on 14 March 2025.Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors would remain unchanged and be as follows:The Chair of the Board of Directors is paid EUR 3 850 per month  the Deputy Chair EUR 2 500 per month  the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 2 500 per month and other members EUR 2 000 per month. The Chairs of the Board of Directors’ Committees are paid EUR 200 per month for their work on the Committee  in addition to which all Committee members are paid a meeting fee of EUR 300 per meeting. In addition  the members of the Board of Directors receive compensation for travel expenses in line with the Company’s business travel policy.Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that five (5) members be elected to the Board of Directors.Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes the re-election of the current members of the Board of Directors for the next term of office Harry Brade  Jesse Maula  Katarina Cantell and Henna Mäkinen. Tero Ojanperä has informed that he does not stand for re-election to the Board of Directors.Consequently  the Nomination Board proposes that Sebastian Nyström shall be elected as new member of the Board of Directors.Sebastian Nyström  b. 1974  M.Sc.  acts currently as S-Group’s Chief Transformation Officer and EVP  Loyalty  IT and Digital Development. Prior to his current role  Nyström has acted e.g. as S-Group’s EVP Strategy & M&A  as well as in other leading roles in Nokia Corporation over the past 20 years.The term of office of the members lasts until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. All persons proposed have given their consent to the election.Background information on each person proposed for the Board of Directors is available on the website of Siili Solutions Plc at https://sijoittajille.siili.com/en.The proposed members Jesse Maula  Henna Mäkinen  Katarina Cantell and Sebastian Nyström are considered independent of the Company and its significant shareholders. Harry Brade is independent of the Company but non-independent of its significant shareholder Lamy Oy.In addition  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board recommends to the Board of Directors that it re-elects Harry Brade as its Chair and Jesse Maula as Deputy Chair.In the selection of the Board member candidates  the Nomination Board has emphasized relevant experience and competence of the candidates  especially considering the strategic objectives of the company. Further  in its selection process the Nomination Board has considered the diversity of the Board.With regard to the selection procedure of the members of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board recommends that shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the General Meeting. The Nomination Board  in addition to ensuring that individual nominees for membership of the Board of Directors possess the required competences  is also responsible for making sure that the proposed Board of Directors as a whole also has the best possible expertise and experience for the Company and that the composition of the Board of Directors also meets other requirements of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code for listed companies.Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes upon proposal of the Audit Committee that the auditor of the Company be paid remuneration in accordance with the auditor’s reasonable invoice approved by the Company.Election of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes upon proposal of the Audit Committee that audit firm KPMG Oy Ab be re-elected as the Company’s auditor for the following term of office. KPMG Oy Ab has stated that if it is elected as the Company’s auditor  Leenakaisa Winberg  APA  will continue as the principal auditor.Resolution on the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurerThe Board of Directors proposes upon proposal of the Audit Committee that the sustainability reporting assurer of the Company be paid remuneration in accordance with the sustainability reporting assurer’s reasonable invoice approved by the Company.Election of the sustainability reporting assurance providerThe Board of Directors proposes upon proposal of the Audit Committee that authorised sustainability audit firm KPMG Oy Ab be elected as the Company’s sustainability reporting assurance provider for the following term of office. KPMG Oy Ab has stated that if it is elected as the Company’s sustainability reporting assurance provider  Leenakaisa Winberg  ASA  will continue as the principal sustainability auditor.Authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the Company’s own shares under the following terms and conditions:Using the Company’s unrestricted equity  a maximum of 814 000 shares may be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge in one or more tranches  which corresponds to approximately 10% of all shares in the Company.The shares will be repurchased in trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Oy’s regulated market at a price formed in public trading on the date of repurchase. The Company’s own shares shall be repurchased to be used for carrying out acquisitions or implementing other arrangements related to the Company’s business  for optimising the Company’s capital structure  for implementing the Company’s incentive scheme or otherwise to be transferred further or cancelled.Own shares can be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shareholdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase). The share purchase will decrease the Company’s distributable unrestricted equity. The Board of Directors resolves on all other terms and conditions for the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the Company’s own shares.The authorisation is proposed to remain in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however no later than until 30 June 2026. The authorisation shall revoke earlier unused authorisations to resolve on the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the Company’s own shares.Authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on a share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares within the meaning of chapter 10  section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act in one or more tranches either against consideration or free of consideration.The number of shares to be issued  including shares received on the basis of the special rights shall not exceed a maximum of 814 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10% of all shares in the Company. The Board of Directors may resolve either to issue new shares or to transfer treasury shares held by the Company.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to resolve on all terms of the share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right (directed issue). The authorisation may be used to strengthen the Company’s balance sheet and financial position  to pay purchase prices for acquisitions  in share-based incentive schemes or for other purposes resolved by the Board of Directors.The total maximum number of shares to be issued for the purpose of share-based incentive schemes is 162 800 shares  which corresponds to approximately 2.0% of all the shares in the Company. For the avoidance of doubt  the above maximum number of shares intended for the incentive schemes is included in the maximum number of the issuance authorisation referred to above.Based on the authorisation  the Board of Directors is also authorised to resolve on a share issue directed to the Company itself  provided that the number of shares held by the Company after the issue would be a maximum of 10% of all the shares in the Company. This number includes all the Company’s own shares held by the Company and its subsidiaries in the manner provided for in chapter 15  section 11(1) of the Limited Liability Companies Act.The authorisation is proposed to remain in force until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however no later than until 30 June 2026. The authorisation shall revoke earlier authorisations concerning share issues and the issuance other special rights entitling to shares.Closing the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE GENERAL MEETINGThis notice of the General Meeting  which includes all the resolution proposals of the Board of Directors and the Shareholders’ Nomination Board on the agenda of the General Meeting  is available on Siili Solutions Plc’s website at the address https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2025 as of 13 February 2025. Siili Solutions Plc’s annual report for the year 2024  including the report of the Board of Directors  the consolidated financial statements  the financial statements of the parent company  the auditor’s report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting and the remuneration report for governing bodies will be available on said website at the latest as of 14 March 2025. The resolution proposals and other documents mentioned above will also be made available at the General Meeting.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the above website at the latest on 22 April 2025.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEETING PARTICIPANTSShareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerShareholders who are registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy on 27 March 2025 (the record date of the General Meeting) have the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.The registration period for the General Meeting commences on 14 February 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (Finnish time). A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and wishes to participate in the General Meeting shall register no later than on 1 April 2025 at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time)  by which time the registration must be received. A shareholder can register for the General Meeting by one of the following means:a) Via the Company’s website at the address https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2025. Electronic registration requires strong identification of the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or a mobile certificate.b) By email to the address agm@innovatics.fi. In the email  registering shareholders must submit the registration and advance voting form available on the Company’s website at the address https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2025 or equivalent information.The requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth or business ID and contact information (telephone number and/or email address) as well as the name of the shareholder’s assistant and/or the name  date of birth and contact information (telephone number and/or email address) of proxy representative  if any  must be provided in connection with the registration. The personal data disclosed by the shareholders to Siili Solutions Plc  Innovatics Ltd or Inderes Oyj is only used in connection with the General Meeting and the processing of the necessary registrations related thereto.Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.Upon request  shareholders  their representatives or proxy representatives must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting venue.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the registration period of the General Meeting by calling Innovatics Ltd at +358 10 2818 909 between 9:00 a.m. and 12:00 p.m. and 1:00 p.m. and 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time) on business days.Advance votingA shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s personal Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain items on the agenda between 14 February 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (Finnish time) and 1 April 2025 at 4:00 p.m. (Finnish time) in the following ways:Via the service available on the Company’s website at the address https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2025. Shareholders can sign into the advance voting service the same way as to the online registration service referred to above in section C. 1. a) of these instructions.By email by submitting the advance voting form available on the Company’s website or equivalent information to Innovatics Ltd at agm@innovatics.fi.Advance votes must be received by the time the advance voting ends. The submission of votes via the service available on the Company’s website or by email before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall be considered as registration for the General Meeting  provided that it contains the above information required for registration.Proposals for resolutions that are subject to advance voting are considered to have been presented unchanged in the General Meeting  and the advance votes are taken into account in a possible vote held at the general meeting venue also in circumstances where an alternative proposal for resolution has been made in the relevant matter. For the advance votes to be considered  the shareholder must be registered in the Company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting. A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise the right to ask questions or demand a vote under the Limited Liability Companies Act unless they participate in the General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by proxy representative.Instructions for advance voting will be available on the Company’s website at https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2025.With respect to holders of nominee-registered shares  the advance voting is carried out by the account operators. The account operators may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares they represent in accordance with the relevant shareholders’ voting instructions during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee-registered shares.Holder of nominee-registered sharesHolders of nominee-registered shares have the right to participate in the General Meeting by virtue of shares  based on which they would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the General Meeting  27 March 2025. In addition  the right to participate in the General Meeting requires that the holders of nominee-registered shares be temporarily entered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy based on these shares by 3 April 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (Finnish time) at the latest. As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the General Meeting. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the number of votes of the shareholder.Holders of nominee-registered shares are advised to ask their custodian bank in good time for the necessary instructions regarding temporary registration in the Company’s shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration for and participation in the General Meeting as well as advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting into the shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above. When necessary  the account manager of the custodian bank shall also arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares before the end of the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares.Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the General Meeting and exercise their rights at the meeting by way of a proxy representation. A shareholder’s proxy representative may also elect to vote in advance as described in section C. 2. of these instructions if they so wish.The proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document  or otherwise in a reliable manner prove that the proxy representative is entitled to represent the shareholder at the General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the General Meeting through several proxies representing the shareholder with shares held in different book-entry accounts  the shares on the basis of which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.A proxy template will be available on the Company’s website at https://sijoittajille.siili.com/general-meeting2025.Any proxy documents are requested to be submitted preferably as an attachment with the electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Siili Solutions Plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by email to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period  by which the proxy documents must be received. In addition to submitting proxy documents  a shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy representative shall register for the General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.As an alternative to a traditional proxy document  a shareholder may authorise a proxy representative by using the Suomi.fi e-authorisation service. The proxy representative is authorised via the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation for ‘Representation at the General Meeting’). When registering for the General Meeting service  the proxy representative must identify themselves by using strong electronic identification  after which the proxy representative can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder the proxy representative represents. Strong electronic identification requires a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or a mobile certificate. For more information on e-authorisation  please see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations. The Suomi.fi service can also be used in another way than by authorising a proxy via the authorisation for ‘Representation at the General Meeting’ alternative. For example  a CEO can register the company he/she represents for the General Meeting by using the Suomi.fi service without a separate proxy.Other instructions/informationThe meeting language is Finnish.Pursuant to chapter 5  section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act  shareholders who are present at the General Meeting at the meeting venue have the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice to the General Meeting  Siili Solution Plc has a total of 8 140 263 shares  which represent the same number of votes. On the date of the notice  the Company holds 27 954 treasury shares that do not entitle to participation in the General Meeting according to the Limited Liability Companies Act.Helsinki  13 February 2025SIILI SOLUTIONS PLCBoard of DirectorsFor more information:General Counsel  Taru KovanenPhone: +358 (0)40 4176 221  email: taru.kovanen(at)siili.comDistributionNasdaq Helsinki LtdPrincipal mediawww.siili.comSiili Solutions in briefSiili Solutions Plc is a forerunner in AI-powered digital development. Siili is the go-to partner for clients seeking growth  efficiency and competitive advantage through digital transformation. Our main markets are Finland  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom  and Germany. Siili Solutions Plc’s shares are listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange. Siili has grown profitably since its founding in 2005. www.siili.com/en,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Siili Solutions Plc', 'Notice', 'Siili Solutions Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'Henna Mäkinen', 'business travel policy', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'consolidated financial statements', 'The General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'dividend record date', 'travel expenses', 'financial period', 'The Board', 'annual report', 'shareholders’ register', 'Finnish time', 'event venue', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'Further information', 'video stream', 'shareholder rights', 'chat functionality', 'following matters', 'sustainability reporting', 'balance sheet', 'distributable funds', 'Governing Bodies', 'next term', 'Harry Brade', 'Jesse Maula', 'Katarina Cantell', 'Tero Ojanperä', 'meeting venue', 'meeting fee', 'Audit Committee', 'assurance report', 'advance voting', 'section C.', 'agenda item', 'A. MATTERS', 'meeting notice', 'other members', 'five (5) members', 'current members', 'other questions', 'Deputy Chair', 'Other persons', 'parent company', 'Directors’ Committees', 'Committee members', 'Remuneration Report', '9:10 a', 'February', 'Tuesday', 'April', 'address', 'Helsinki', 'Eliel', 'Sanomatalo', 'reception', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'website', 'sijoittajille', 'counterproposals', 'participation', 'exercise', 'comments', 'CEO', 'writing', 'review', 'recording', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'year 2024', '14 March', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'status', 'rest', 'equity', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', 'meeting2025', 'month', 'Chairs', 'work', 'addition', 'compensation', 'line', 'number', 'office', '2:00', '1:30']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,globenewswire.com
48854,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/13/3025586/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting,Lassila & Tikanoja plcStock exhange release13 February  2025 at 8.15 a.m.    NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING    Notice is given to the......,Lassila & Tikanoja plcStock exhange release13 February  2025 at 8.15 a.m.NOTICE TO THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGNotice is given to the shareholders of Lassila & Tikanoja plc of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday  27 March 2025  at 4:00 pm (Finnish time) in Valkea talo  at the address of Ilkantie 4  Haaga  00400 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of the voting tickets will commence at 3:00 pm (Finnish time).Shareholders can exercise their voting rights also by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this notice under section C “Instructions for the participants in the meeting”.It is possible to follow the meeting via webcast. Instructions for following the webcast are available on the Company’s website at www.lt.fi/en/investors. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  otherwise speak or vote via webcast  and following the meeting via webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting or exercise of the shareholders rights.After the Annual General Meeting  coffee will be served at the meeting venue.A. Matters on the agenda of the General MeetingAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:Opening of the meeting Calling the meeting to order Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes Recording the legality of the meeting Recording the attendance at the meeting and the list of votes Presentation of the financial statements and consolidated financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors  the Auditor’s report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting for the year 2024Review by the President and CEO.Adoption of the financial statements and consolidated financial statements Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.50 per share be paid on the basis of the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year 2024. The dividend will be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date for dividend payment  31 March 2025. The Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the dividend be paid on 7 April 2025.Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability Remuneration ReportThe Board of Directors proposes that the Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies for 2024 be approved. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Finnish Companies Act.The Remuneration Report is available on the Company’s website at www.lt.fi/en/investors as of 6 March 2025 at the latest.Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board has proposed that eight (8) members be elected to the Board of Directors. According to the Company’s Articles of Association in force  the Board of Directors shall consist of no less than three (3) and no more than seven (7) members. To allow for the composition of the Board of Directors proposed by the Shareholders’ Nomination Board  the Board proposes that Article 4 of the Articles of Association be amended to increase the maximum number of Board members by one. In the future  the Board of Directors could consist of no less than three (3) and no more than eight (8) members instead of the current no more than seven (7) members. In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows:4 § Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors shall be responsible for the management of the Company and for the proper arrangement of the Company's operations. The Board of Directors shall consist of no less than three (3) and no more than eight (8) members elected by the General Meeting of Shareholders.The term of the members of the Board of Directors expires at the end of the next Annual General Meeting of Shareholders following his/her election.The Annual General Meeting elects the chairman and the vice chairman of the Board of Directors.The Board of Directors further proposes that Article 6 of the Articles of Association be amended so that  in addition to the auditor  the Company shall have a sustainability reporting assurance provider. In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows:6 § Auditors and Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderAn Authorized Public Accountants Organization shall be elected as the Company’s auditor  and the auditor shall designate an Authorized Public Accountant having principal responsibility. An Authorized Sustainability Audit Firm shall be elected as the Company’s sustainability reporting assurance provider  and the sustainability reporting assurance provider shall designate an Authorized Sustainability Auditor having principal responsibility. The term of the auditor and the sustainability reporting assurance provider shall be the financial year of the Company and the duties of the auditor and the sustainability reporting assurance provider shall expire at the end of the first Annual General Meeting of Shareholders following the election.Furthermore  the Board proposes that Article 13 of the Articles of Association be amended so that the Annual General Meeting shall decide  in addition to the issues specified in the current Article 13 of the Articles of Association  on the election of the sustainability reporting assurance provider. In its amended form  said provision of the Articles of Association would read as follows:13 § Issues at the Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersAt the Annual General Meeting of Shareholdersshall be presented:1. the financial statements and the consolidated financial statements as well as the Board of Directors’ report;2. the auditor's report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting;shall be resolved on:3. the adoption of the financial statements;4. the use of profit shown in the balance sheet;5. the discharge from liability to the members of the Board of Directors and to the Managing Director;6. the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor;7. the number of the members of the Board of Directors;shall be elected:8. the members of the Board of Directors;9. the auditor; and10. the sustainability reporting assurance provider.It is proposed that the Articles of Association remain unchanged in other respects.Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors be as follows:– Chairman  EUR 70 000 per year (2024: EUR 70 000);– Vice Chairman  EUR 47 000 per year (2024: EUR 47 000); and– members  EUR 35 000 per year (2024: EUR 35 000).However  if a member of the Board of Directors were to serve as the chairman of the Audit Committee or the Personnel and Sustainability Committee  and not simultaneously serve as the chairman or vice chairman of the Board of Directors  their annual remuneration will be EUR 47 000.It is proposed that the fees be paid so that 40% of the annual fee is paid in Lassila & Tikanoja’s shares held by the Company or  if this is not feasible  shares acquired from the market  and 60% in cash. Shares are to be issued to Board members and  where necessary  acquired directly from the market on behalf of Board members on the third trading day after the publication of Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s interim report for the first quarter of 2025.In addition  it is proposed that the meeting fees be kept unchanged: EUR 1 000 per meeting to the Chairman  EUR 700 per meeting to the Vice Chairman and EUR 500 per meeting to the other members of the Board. In accordance with the proposal  meeting fees will also be paid to the Chairman and members of committees established by the Board of Directors as follows: Chairman EUR 700 and ordinary members EUR 500.Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the number of members of the Board of Directors shall be eight (8). The proposal  as stated in section 14 below  is  with respect to one proposed member  conditional upon the General Meeting resolving to approve the amendment to Article 4 of the Articles of Association proposed in section 11 above and the amendment being registered with the Trade Register.Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that  of the current members  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Sakari Lassila  Jukka Leinonen  Juuso Maijala  Anni Ronkainen and Pasi Tolppanen be re-elected to the Board of Directors  and that Tuija Kalpala and Anna-Maria Tuominen-Reini be elected as new members to the Board of Directors. In addition  the Nomination Board proposes that Jukka Leinonen be elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Sakari Lassila as Vice Chairman. Of the current members of the Board of Directors  Laura Lares has informed the Nomination Board that she is not available for re-election for the next term of the Board of Directors.Of the Company’s shareholders  the Evald and Hilda Nissi Foundation  Nordea Nordic Small Cap Fund Oy and the group of shareholders consisting of Chemec Oy  CH-Polymers Oy  Maijala Eeva  Maijala Investment Oy  Maijala Juhani  Maijala Juuso  Maijala Miikka  Maijala Mikko  Maijala Roope and Maijala Tuula  who are represented on the Nomination Board and collectively represent approximately 22.1% of all shares and votes in the Company  have declared that they are in favour of the proposal.It is proposed that the election of one board member be conditional upon the General Meeting resolving to approve the amendment to Article 4 of the Articles of Association proposed in section 11 above and the amendment being registered with the Trade Register.All candidates have given their consent to the election and are independent of the Company and its significant shareholders. The term of the members of the Board of Directors expires at the end of the Annual General Meeting in 2026.With regard to the selection procedure for the members of the Board of Directors  the Shareholders’ Nomination Board recommends that shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the General Meeting. This recommendation is based on the fact that at Lassila & Tikanoja plc  in line with a good Nordic governance model  the Shareholders' Nomination Board is separate from the Board of Directors. The Shareholders’ Nomination Board  in addition to ensuring that individual nominees for membership of the Board of Directors possess the required competences  is also responsible for making sure that the proposed Board of Directors as a whole has the best possible expertise and experience for the company and that the composition of the Board of Directors also meets other requirements of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code for listed companies.The CV’s of Tuija Kalpala and Anna-Maria Tuominen-Reini are available on Lassila & Tikanoja’s website at www.lt.fi/en/company/management-and-board-of-directors/board-of-directors. The current members of the Board of Directors are presented on the same page.Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes based on the recommendation of the Board’s Audit Committee to the General Meeting that the Auditor’s remuneration be paid in accordance with an invoice approved by the Company.Election of AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes based on the recommendation of the Board’s Audit Committee to the General Meeting that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorised Public Accountants  be re-elected as the Company's auditor. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has announced that it will appoint Samuli Perälä  Authorised Public Accountant  as the Company’s auditor with principal responsibility.Election of the Sustainability Reporting Assurance ProviderThe Board of Directors proposes based on the recommendation of the Board’s Audit Committee to the General Meeting that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorised Sustainability Audit Firm  be elected as the Company’s sustainability reporting assurance provider. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has announced that Samuli Perälä  Authorised Sustainability Auditor  would act as the Company’s responsible authorised sustainability auditor.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own shares under the following terms and conditions:By virtue of the authorisation  the Board of Directors is authorised to repurchase a maximum of 2 000 000 Company’s own shares using the Company’s non-restricted equity. This number of shares corresponds to approximately 5.2 % of the Company’s total number of shares on the date of the notice to the Meeting.The Company’s own shares will be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the existing shareholdings of the Company’s shareholders through trading on regulated market organized by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd (“Stock Exchange”) at the market price quoted at the time of the repurchase. Shares will be acquired and paid for in accordance with the rules of the Stock Exchange and Euroclear Finland Oy.The purpose of the share repurchase is to develop the Company’s capital structure and/or to use the shares as consideration in potential acquisitions  other business arrangements  as part of the Company’s share-based incentive programme  or to finance investments. The repurchased shares may either be held by the Company or be cancelled or conveyed.The Board of Directors shall decide on other terms and conditions related to the share repurchase. The share repurchase authorisation shall be valid for 18 months. The share repurchase authorisation shall revoke the previous authorisations for repurchasing the Company's own shares.Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide  in one or more instalments  on issuance of new shares or shares possibly held by the Company through share issue and/or issuance of option rights or other special rights entitling to shares  referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  so that by virtue of the authorisation altogether 2 000 000 shares may be issued and/or conveyed at the maximum. This number of shares corresponds to approximately 5.2 % of the Company’s total number of shares on the date of the notice to the Meeting.It is proposed that the authorisation be used for the financing or execution of potential acquisitions or other arrangements or investments relating to the Company’s business  for the implementation of the Company’s incentive scheme or for other purposes subject to the Board of Directors’ decision.It is proposed that the authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to decide on all terms and conditions of the share issue and the issuance of special rights referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act. The authorisation thus includes the right to issue shares also in a proportion other than that of the shareholders’ current shareholdings in the Company under the conditions provided in law  the right to issue shares against payment or without charge as well as the right to decide on a share issue without payment to the Company itself  subject to the provisions of the Finnish Companies Act on the maximum amount of treasury shares.It is proposed that the authorisation be valid for 18 months. The authorisation shall revoke the previous authorisations to decide on the share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.Closing of the MeetingB. Documents of the General MeetingThis notice  including all the proposals  is available on Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s website at www.lt.fi/en/investors. The financial statements of Lassila & Tikanoja plc  the report of the Board of Directors (including the sustainability report)  the Auditor’s report and the assurance report on sustainability reporting as well as the Remuneration Report are available on the above-mentioned website on 6 March 2025 at the latest. The above-mentioned documents are also available at the meeting.The minutes of the General Meeting are available on the above-mentioned website as of 10 April 2025 at the latest.C. Instructions for the participants in the General MeetingShareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who is registered on the record date of the General Meeting  17 March 2025  in the Company’s shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register.Registration for the General Meeting will begin on 14 February 2025. A shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wants to participate in the General Meeting  shall register for the meeting no later than Monday 24 March 2025 at 10:00 am (Finnish time)  by which time the registration must be received. The registration may be made:a) on the Company’s website at www.lt.fi/en/investorsElectronic registration requires strong authentication of the shareholder or his/her legal representative or proxy representative with a Finnish  Swedish or Danish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) by email by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the Company’s website at the latest as of 14 February 2025  or corresponding information  addressed to agm@innovatics.fic) by telephone +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays at 9:00 am - 12:00pm and 1:00 - 4:00pm (Finnish time)When registering by telephone  a shareholder cannot vote in advance.d) by regular mail by submitting the registration and advance voting form  which is available on the Company’s website at the latest as of 14 February 2025  or corresponding information  addressed to Innovatics Oy  AGM/Lassila & Tikanoja plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland.In connection with the registration  a shareholder must state the requested information such as his/her name  date of birth/company identification number  e-mail address  telephone number and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the date of birth of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Lassila & Tikanoja plc and Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the General Meeting and with the processing of related registrations.A shareholder  his/her representative or proxy representative shall  on demand  be able to prove their identity and/or right to representation at the meeting venue.Further information regarding the registration and advance voting is available by telephone during the General Meeting’s registration period by calling Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays at 9:00 am - 12:00 noon and 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm (Finnish time).Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she on the record date of the General Meeting  17 March 2025  would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been temporarily registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 24 March 2025  by 10:00 am. As regards nominee registered shares this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in shareholdings that take place after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder's share of votes.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the Company’s shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents  registration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  temporarily into the Company's shareholders’ register at the latest by the time stated above and  if necessary  arrange advance voting on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder before the end of the registration period for nominee-registered shareholders. Further information is also available on the company's website at www.lt.fi/en/investors.Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A proxy representative may also vote in advance as described in this notice. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. When a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents shall be delivered before the end of the registration period primarily as attachments in connection with electronic or e-mail registration or alternatively as originals by mail to Innovatics Oy  AGM/Lassila & Tikanoja plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland. In addition to the delivery of proxy documents  a shareholder or his/her proxy representative shall ensure that he/she has registered for the Annual General Meeting in the manner described above in this notice.Shareholders can also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service instead of the traditional proxy document for authorising a proxy representative. The proxy representative is nominated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). The proxy representative is required to identify themself with strong electronic authentication in the general meeting service when registering  after which they can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder they represent. The strong electronic authentication works with personal bank codes or mobile certificate. More information on the electronic authorisation is available on www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.Advance votingA shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  can participate in the General Meeting by voting in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting during the period from 14 February 2025 to 24 March 2025 10:00 ama) on the Company’s website www.lt.fi/en/investors; orb) by mail or email by submitting the advance voting form  which is available on the company’s website at www.lt.fi/en/investors  or corresponding information  to Innovatics Oy by mail addressed to Innovatics Oy  AGM/Lassila & Tikanoja plc  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi. The advance votes must be received by the recipient by the end of the advance voting period.It is not possible for shareholders having voted in advance to use the right to request information or the right to request a vote stipulated in the Finnish Companies Act or to vote on a possible counterproposal unless the shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance during the registration period for the nominee registered shares on behalf of the represented nominee registered shareholders in accordance with the voting instructions given by them.An agenda item subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged to the general meeting. The terms and conditions  and other instructions for electronic advance voting are available on the company's website at www.lt.fi/en/investors.Other instructions and informationThe language of the general meeting will be Finnish. Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the general meeting has the right to request information with respect to matters to be handled at the meeting.Changes in shareholdings that take place after the record date of the General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the General Meeting or the shareholder's share of votes.On the date of this notice to the General Meeting  12 February 2025  the total number of shares and votes in Lassila & Tikanoja plc is 38 798 874.Shareholders are requested to note that following the meeting via webcast is not considered as official participation in the meeting unless the shareholder has voted in advance.Further information on registration and advance voting is available by telephone from +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays at 9:00 am - 12:00pm and 1:00 - 4:00pm (Finnish time).Helsinki  12 February 2025LASSILA & TIKANOJA PLCBoard of DirectorsEero HautaniemiPresident and CEOFor additional information  please contactHilppa Rautpalo  General Counsel  SVP HR and Legal  tel. +358 46 876 7123Lassila & Tikanoja is a service company that is putting the circular economy into practice. Together with our customers  we keep materials  manufacturing sites and properties in productive use for as long as possible and we enhance the use of raw materials and energy. This is to create more value with the circular economy for our customers  personnel and society in a broader sense. Achieving this also means growth in value for our shareholders. Our objective is to continuously grow our actions’ carbon handprint  our positive effect on the climate. We assume our social responsibility by looking after the work ability of our personnel as well as offering jobs to those who are struggling to find employment  for example. With operations in Finland and Sweden  L&T employs approximately 7 400 people. Net sales in 2024 amounted to EUR 770.7 million. L&T is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediawww.lt.fi/en/,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Authorized Sustainability Audit Firm', 'Authorized Public Accountants Organization', 'sustainability reporting assurance provider', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'Stock exhange release', 'Authorized Sustainability Auditor', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'consolidated financial statements', 'liability Remuneration Report', 'The Remuneration Report', 'financial statements Resolution', 'assurance report', 'Finnish time', 'financial y', 'meeting venue', 'The Board', 'Tikanoja plc', 'Valkea talo', 'voting tickets', 'voting rights', 'section C', 'following matters', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'governing bodies', 'lt.fi/en/investors', 'maximum number', 'proper arrangement', 'principal responsibility', 'shareholders rights', 'shareholders’ register', 'eight (8) members', 'seven (7) members', 'advance voting', 'A. Matters', 'vice chairman', 'Board members', 'dividend payment', '8.15 a', 'year', 'Lassila', 'February', 'NOTICE', 'Thursday', 'March', 'address', 'Ilkantie', 'Haaga', '00400 Helsinki', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'participants', 'webcast', 'Company', 'website', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'exercise', 'coffee', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Review', 'President', 'CEO', 'Adoption', 'use', 'profit', 'basis', '7 April', 'discharge', 'accordance', 'Amendment', 'Articles', 'Association', 'force', 'less', 'composition', 'future', 'current', 'amended', 'form', 'provision', 'management', 'operations', 'term', 'addition', 'Auditors', '4:00', '3:00', '2024']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,globenewswire.com
48855,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/13/3025621/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Kalmar-Corporation.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Kalmar Corporation,KALMAR CORPORATION  STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  13 FEBRUARY 2025 AT 9:30 AM (EET)  Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Kalmar Corporation  With this...,KALMAR CORPORATION  STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  13 FEBRUARY 2025 AT 9:30 AM (EET)Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Kalmar CorporationWith this notice (“Notice”)  the shareholders of Kalmar Corporation (“Kalmar” or “Company”) are invited to the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) to be held on Thursday 27 March 2025 at 16:00 (EET) in Pikku-Finlandia  Karamzininranta 4  00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of those who have registered for the meeting  distribution of voting tickets  and coffee service preceding the meeting will start at 14:30 (EET).Shareholders can also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are set out in Section C of this Notice.It is possible to follow the AGM via a webcast. Instructions on how to follow the webcast are available on the Company's website www.kalmarglobal.com/AGM2025 . It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  make other interventions  or vote via webcast. Following the meeting via webcast shall not be considered as participation in the AGM or as the exercise of shareholders' rights.At the coffee service  before the AGM  a fireside talk will be organised in which Kalmar’s President and CEO will be reflecting on 2024 as a defining year for Kalmar. Shareholders who have registered to the meeting will have the opportunity to participate in the discussion and ask questions.A. MATTERS TO BE CONSIDERED AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGInformation and proposals concerning the formal organisational matters in agenda items 1 to 5 are included in a separate organisational document published on the Company's website www.kalmarglobal.com/AGM2025 . The document also constitutes a part of this notice to the AGM. The document may be supplemented at the meeting with such information that is not available before the AGM.The AGM will consider the following matters:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the Board of Directors’ report (including the sustainability statement)  the auditor's report  and the sustainability reporting assurance provider’s report for the financial year ended on 31 December 2024Review of the President and CEO  presentation of the auditor’s report by the auditor  and presentation of the sustainability reporting assurance provider’s report by the sustainability reporting assurance provider.The Company’s financial statements  the Board of Directors’ report (including the sustainability statement)  the auditor’s report  and the sustainability reporting assurance provider’s report for the financial year ended on 31 December 2024 will be available on the Company’s website www.kalmarglobal.com/AGM2025 latest on 6 March 2025.7. Adoption of the financial statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0 99 per each class A share and a dividend of EUR 1 00 per each outstanding class B share be paid for the financial year ended on 31 December 2024.The dividend is proposed to be paid to a shareholder who on the record date of the dividend payment  31 March 2025  is registered in the shareholder register of Kalmar Corporation maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy.The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on 7 April 2025.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability for the financial year ended on 31 December 202410. Consideration of the remuneration policy for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to support the Company’s remuneration policy for governing bodies. The resolution of the Annual General Meeting on the remuneration policy is advisory.The remuneration policy for governing bodies is available on the Company’s website www.kalmarglobal.com/AGM2025 .11. Consideration of the remuneration report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting approves the Company’s remuneration report for governing bodies for the financial year 2024. The resolution of the Annual General Meeting on the remuneration report is advisory.The remuneration report for governing bodies will be available on the Company’s website www.kalmarglobal.com/AGM2025 latest on 6 March 2025.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting a fixed annual remuneration to the Board members as follows:Chair of the Board: EUR 160 000 (EUR 160 000 in 2024)Vice Chair of the Board: EUR 95 000 (EUR 95 000 in 2024)Other members of the Board: EUR 80 000 (EUR 80 000 in 2024)An additional fixed remuneration is proposed to be paid to the Board members that are elected as members of committees as follows:Chair of the Audit and Risk Management Committee: EUR 20 000 (EUR 20 000 in 2024)Member of the Audit and Risk Management Committee: EUR 10 000 (EUR 10 000 in 2024)Chair of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee: EUR 15 000 (EUR 15 000 in 2024)Member of the Personnel and Remuneration Committee: EUR 10 000 (EUR 10 000 in 2024)Chair of any other committee possibly constituted by the Board in accordance with a separate decision by the Board: EUR 15 000 (maximum EUR 15 000 in 2024)Member of any other committee constituted by the Board: EUR 5 000 (EUR 5 000 in 2024)In addition to the fixed annual fee  a meeting fee of EUR 1 000 would be paid to the Board member participating in a Board or Committee meeting when the meeting takes place in the member’s country of residence. For meetings held in a different country than where the Board member is domiciled  the meeting fee would be EUR 2 000 and for meetings held on a different continent than where the Board member is domiciled  the meeting fee would be EUR 3 000. For remote and telephone meetings or when attending a regular meeting remotely  the meeting fee would be EUR 1 000.Approximately 40% of the fixed yearly remuneration would be paid in Kalmar’s class B shares and the rest in cash. The aim is that the purchase of the shares from the market at a price formed in public trading would be commenced after the Q1 2025 interim result publication. The Company would cover the transfer taxes related to the remuneration paid in shares.The expenses of Board members related to travel and accommodation as well as other costs directly related to Board and Committee work would be reimbursed in accordance with Kalmar’s policies.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors would have eight (8) members.14. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the current members Jaakko Eskola  Lars Engström  Marcus Hedblom  Teresa Kemppi-Vasama  Vesa Laisi  Sari Pohjonen and Emilia Torttila-Miettinen would be re-elected. The Nomination Board proposes that Casimir Lindholm would be elected as a new member of the Board.* The CVs of all persons proposed as Board members are available at Kalmar’s website www.kalmarglobal.com/AGM2025 . All the Board member candidates have given their consent to be elected and have been assessed to be independent of the Company and its significant shareholders. With regard to the selection procedure for the members of the Board of Directors  the Shareholders' Nomination Board recommends that shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the General Meeting. This recommendation is based on the fact that in Kalmar Corporation  in line with a good Nordic governance model  the Shareholders' Nomination Board is separate from the Board of Directors. The Shareholders’ Nomination Board  in addition to ensuring that individual nominees for membership of the Board of Directors possess the required competencies  is also responsible for making sure that the proposed Board of Directors as a whole has the best possible expertise and experience for the Company and that the composition of the Board of Directors meets other requirements of the Finnish Corporate Governance Code for listed companies.*The term of office of the Board member candidates would commence at the end of the AGM to be held on 27 March 2025  with the exception of Casimir Lindholm  whose term of office would commence on 1 April 2025  according to his wish.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditor and the sustainability reporting assurance providerThe Board of Directors  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Management Committee  proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the auditors’ fees and the sustainability reporting assurance provider’s fees be paid according to an invoice approved by the Company.16. Election of the auditor and the sustainability reporting assurance providerThe Board of Directors  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Management Committee  proposes to the Annual General Meeting that audit firm Ernst & Young Oy be re-elected as the Company’s auditor for a term ending at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2026. Ernst & Young Oy has notified the Company that  in the event it is elected as the Company’s auditor  Kristina Sandin  APA  would act as the responsible auditor.The Board of Directors  in accordance with the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Management Committee  further proposes to the Annual General Meeting that authorised sustainability audit firm Ernst & Young Oy be re-elected as the Company’s sustainability reporting assurance provider for a term ending at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2026. Ernst & Young Oy has notified the Company that  in the event it is elected as the Company’s sustainability reporting assurance provider  Kristina Sandin  APA  Authorised Sustainability Auditor (ASA)  would act as the responsible sustainability reporting assurance provider. The election of Ernst & Young Oy as the sustainability reporting assurance provider of the Company is conditional on Ernst & Young Oy being elected as the Company’s auditor.17. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the Company’s own shares in one or several tranches as follows:A maximum of 6 400 000 shares in the Company may be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge on the basis of the authorisation  of which no more than 952 000 are class A shares and 5 448 000 are class B shares which would correspond to approximately 10 percent of Kalmar’s registered class A shares and approximately 10 percent of class B shares. The shares acquired on the basis of the authorisation may only be purchased with unrestricted equity of the Company.The purchase price of class A and class B shares shall be based on the market price of class B share formed in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd on the date of purchase: the lowest market price of the Company’s class B share quoted in public trading during the authorisation period shall be the minimum consideration and the highest market price quoted during the authorisation period shall be the maximum consideration. The shares may be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge through a directed purchase as defined in Chapter 15  Section 6 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act.The Board of Directors shall decide on any other terms and conditions related to the repurchase and/or the acceptance as pledge of the Company’s own shares.The authorisation cancels the Company’s prior authorisation to decide on the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the Company’s own shares. The authorisation is effective until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than 18 months.18. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares  as referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  as follows: the number of shares to be issued based on this authorisation in one or more instalments shall not exceed 952 000 class A shares and 5 448 000 class B shares which would correspond to approximately 10 percent of Kalmar’s registered class A shares and approximately 10 percent of class B shares. The authorisation covers both the issuance of new shares as well as the transfer of treasury shares. The issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights provided that the issuance is based on weighty financial reasons. The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all conditions of the issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares.The authorisation cancels the Company’s prior authorisation to decide on the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation is effective until the end of the next Annual General meeting  however no longer than 18 months.19. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on donationsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorises the Board of Directors to decide on donations in the total aggregate maximum amount of EUR 200 000 for university collaboration  charity or similar purposes  and to decide on the recipients  purposes and other terms of the donations. The donations can be made in one or more instalments.The authorisation shall be effective until the end of the next Annual General Meeting.20. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThis Notice  which contains all proposals for resolutions on the matters on the agenda of the AGM  the organisational document as well as the remuneration policy for governing bodies are available on the Company’s website www.kalmarglobal.com/AGM2025 . Kalmar’s financial statements  the Board of Directors’ report (including the sustainability statement)  the auditor's report  the sustainability reporting assurance provider’s report  as well as the remuneration report for governing bodies for the financial year ended on 31 December 2024 are available on the abovementioned website latest on 6 March 2025. All above mentioned documents will also be available at the meeting.The minutes of the meeting will be available on the Company’s website www.kalmarglobal.com/AGM2025 latest on 10 April 2025.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR MEETING PARTICIPANTS1. Shareholders registered in the shareholder registerShareholders who are registered in the shareholder register of Kalmar held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the AGM on 17 March 2025 are entitled to participate in the AGM. A shareholder whose shares in the Company are registered in their personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the Company’s shareholder register. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the AGM do not affect the right to participate in the AGM or the shareholder's voting rights.Registration for the AGM starts on 13 February 2025 at 09:30 (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the Company's shareholder register and wishes to participate in the AGM must register for the meeting no later than 18 March 2025 at 16:00 (EET)  by which time the registration must be received.A shareholder can register for the AGM:a) via the Company's website at www.kalmarglobal.com/AGM2025 . Electronic registration requires strong identification of the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy with a Finnish  Swedish  or Danish bank ID  or a mobile certificate;b) by email. Shareholders registering by email shall submit the registration and advance voting form (if applicable) available on the Company's website www.kalmarglobal.com/AGM2025 or equivalent information to Innovatics Ltd at agm@innovatics.fi ;c) by mail. Shareholders registering by mail shall submit the registration and advance voting form (if applicable) available on the Company's website www.kalmarglobal.com/AGM2025 or equivalent information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Kalmar Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland.Registration must be received by 16:00 (EET) on 18 March 2025 irrespective of the method of registration.When registering  the shareholder and their representative must provide the requested information  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth or business ID  contact details  the name of any assistant or proxy  as well as contact details and date of birth of proxy. The personal data provided by shareholders to Kalmar and Innovatics Ltd will only be used in connection with the AGM and the processing of the necessary registrations related thereto. For further information on the handling of personal data  please visit the Company’s website www.kalmarglobal.com/AGM2025 .The shareholder  their representative or proxy must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting.Further information on registration is available by telephone during the registration period of the AGM by calling Innovatics Ltd at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00–12:00 and from 13:00–16:00 (EET).2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares is entitled to participate in the AGM on the basis of the shares which would entitle them entry into the shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date for the AGM on 17 March 2025. Participation also requires that the shareholder is temporarily registered in the shareholder register held by Euroclear Finland Oy by 24 March 2025 by 10:00 (EET) at the latest. In the case of nominee-registered shares  this is considered as registration for the AGM. Changes in the shareholding after the record date of the AGM do not affect the right to participate in the AGM or the shareholder's voting rights.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request well in advance the necessary instructions from their custodian bank regarding temporary registration in the register of shareholders  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  registration  and attendance at the AGM and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register the holder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to participate the AGM temporarily in the register of shareholders of the Company by the aforementioned date and time at the latest and  if necessary  arrange for advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares before the end of the registration period for holders of nominee-registered shares.3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the AGM and exercise their rights there by way of proxy representation. A shareholder's proxy may also vote in advance as described in this Notice. The proxy representative must authenticate to the electronic registration and advance voting service personally with strong authentication  after which they will be able to register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder who they represent. The shareholder's proxy must present a dated proxy document  or otherwise in a reliable manner prove that they are entitled to represent the shareholder at the AGM. Proving the right to represent can be done by using the Suomi.fi service “Representation at the General Meeting” at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations available in the electronic registration service.Model for proxy document and voting instructions is available on the Company's website www.kalmarglobal.com/AGM2025 . If a shareholder participates in the AGM through several proxies representing the shareholder with shares held in different securities accounts  the shares on the basis of which each proxy represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.Any proxy documents are requested to be submitted preferably as an attachment with the electronic registration or alternatively by mail to Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Kalmar Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period. In addition to submitting the proxy documents  the shareholder or their proxy shall register for the AGM in the manner described above in this Notice.4. Advance votingA shareholder whose shares in the Company are registered in their personal Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance between 13 February 2025 at 09:30 (EET) and 18 March 2025 at 16:00 (EET) on certain items on the agenda of the AGM as follows:a) via the Company's website www.kalmarglobal.com/AGM2025 . Login to the service is done in the same way as for registration in Section C.1. of this Notice.b) by email by submitting the advance voting form available on the Company's website www.kalmarglobal.com/AGM2025 or equivalent information to Innovatics Ltd by email at agm@innovatics.fi .c) by mail by submitting the advance voting form available on the Company's website www.kalmarglobal.com/AGM2025 or equivalent information to Innovatics Ltd at Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Kalmar Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland.Advance votes must be received by the time the advance voting ends. The submission of votes by mail or email before the end of the registration and advance voting period shall be considered as registration for the AGM  provided that it contains the above information required for registration.A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise the right to ask questions or demand a vote under the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act unless they participate in the AGM in person or by proxy at the meeting venue. It is not possible to make counterproposals in an advance vote. Therefore  in matters where the AGM is required under the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act or the Company’s Articles of Association to take a decision and where  due to the nature of the matter  the proposal cannot be opposed without a counterproposal (e.g. election of members of the Board of Directors)  it is not possible to cast an opposing vote in the advance vote  and any opposing votes potentially cast in the advance vote will not be counted as votes cast.With respect to nominee registered shareholders  the advance voting is carried out by the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares whom they represent in accordance with the voting instructions given by them during the registration period set for the nominee-registered shareholders.Proposals for resolution that are subject to advance voting are deemed to have been made at the AGM without any changes.Further information on advance voting is available by telephone during the registration period of the AGM by calling Innovatics Ltd at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00–12:00 and from 13:00–16:00 (EET).5. Other instructions/informationThe meeting language is Finnish. There will be simultaneous interpretation into English at the AGM.Shareholders present at the AGM have the right to ask questions about the matters considered at the meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act.On the date of this Notice  13 February 2025  the total number of Kalmar’s class A shares is 9 526 089 and the total number of class B shares is 54 798 029. Pursuant to the Company’s Articles of Association  each class A share represents one vote and each full set of ten class B shares represents one vote  however  each shareholder has a minimum of one vote.On the date of this Notice  13 February 2025  the Company holds a total of 250 000 own class B shares that do not carry a right to participate in the AGM. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the AGM do not have any impact on the right to participate in the AGM nor on the number of votes.Details on how to park and how to reach Pikku-Finlandia by public transport can be found on the Finlandiatalo’s website www.finlandiatalo.fi/en/ . Parking is at participants’ own expense.Coffee will be served prior to the AGM at 14:30-16:00 (EET). In connection with the coffee service  before the AGM  a fireside talk will be organised in which Kalmar’s President and CEO will be reflecting on 2024 as a defining year for Kalmar. Shareholders who have registered to the meeting have the opportunity to participate in the discussion and ask questions. It should  however  be noted that the event is not part of the AGM  and that the questions presented in it are therefore not questions pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. The event will be in Finnish and open to those who have registered to and are attending the AGM.We welcome all Shareholders to Kalmar’s first Annual General Meeting!In Helsinki on 13 February 2025KALMAR CORPORATIONBoard of DirectorsKalmar (Nasdaq Helsinki: KALMAR) is moving goods in critical supply chains around the world  with the vision to be the forerunner in sustainable material handling equipment and services. The company offers a wide range of industry shaping heavy material handling equipment and services to ports and terminals  distribution centres  manufacturing and heavy logistics. Headquartered in Helsinki  Finland  Kalmar operates globally in over 120 countries and employs approximately 5 200 people. In 2024  the company's sales totalled approximately EUR 1.7 billion. www.kalmarglobal.com*The term of office of the Board member candidates would commence at the end of the AGM to be held on 27 March 2025  with the exception of Casimir Lindholm  whose term of office would commence on 1 April 2025  according to his wish.Attachments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Kalmar Corporation', 'Notice', 'sustainability reporting assurance provider', 'outstanding class B share', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'class A share', 'STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'formal organisational matters', 'fixed annual remuneration', 'additional fixed remuneration', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'separate organisational document', 'sustainability statement', 'A. MATTERS', 'following matters', 'remuneration policy', 'voting tickets', 'coffee service', 'voting rights', 'Section C', 'other interventions', 'fireside talk', 'defining year', 'agenda items', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'governing bodies', ""shareholders' rights"", 'The Board', 'Other members', 'remuneration report', 'KALMAR CORPORATION', 'advance voting', 'shareholder register', 'Vice Chair', 'The AGM', 'Board members', 'The Company', 'Directors’ report', 'dividend payment', '13 FEBRUARY', '9:30 AM', 'Notice', 'Thursday', '27 March', 'Pikku-Finlandia', 'Karamzininranta', '00100 Helsinki', 'reception', 'distribution', 'Instructions', 'webcast', 'website', 'kalmarglobal', 'AGM2025', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'participation', 'exercise', 'President', 'CEO', 'opportunity', 'discussion', 'Information', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'auditor', '31 December', 'Review', '6 March', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', '7 April', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Consideration', '16:00', '2024', '11.']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,globenewswire.com
48856,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-kojamo-plc-302375722.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Kojamo plc,Kojamo plc Stock Exchange Release 13 February 2025 at 9.00 a.m. EET HELSINKI  Feb. 13  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Kojamo plc Notice is given to the shareholders of Kojamo plc to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be…,Kojamo plc Stock Exchange Release 13 February 2025 at 9.00 a.m. EETHELSINKI  Feb. 13  2025 /PRNewswire/ --Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Kojamo plcNotice is given to the shareholders of Kojamo plc to participate in the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday 13 March 2025 at 10.00 a.m. (EET) in Kojamo's headquarters at Mannerheimintie 168a  00300 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of participants and the distribution of ballots will commence at the meeting venue at 9.00 a.m. (EET). Shareholders and their proxy representatives may also exercise voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are presented in this notice under section C: 'Instructions for participants in the Annual General Meeting'.Shareholders can follow the Annual General Meeting online via a webcast. Instructions for shareholders to view the Annual General Meeting via the webcast can be found on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm. It is not possible to ask questions  make counterproposals  ask for permission to speak  or vote via the webcast  and following the meeting via the webcast is not considered participation in the Annual General Meeting or as exercise of shareholders' rights under the Finnish Companies Act.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDAThe following matters will be considered at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the Meeting2. Calling the Meeting to order3. Election of the persons to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the Meeting5. Recording the attendance at the Meeting and adoption of the voting list6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report for the financial year 2024The CEO's review.The Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report are available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm.7. Adoption of the Financial StatementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopt the Financial Statements for the financial year 2024.8. Resolution on the use of the profit/loss shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendThe parent company's distributable equity on 31 December 2024 amounted to EUR 155 176 224.36  of which the loss for the financial year was EUR -645 904.19. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividend be paid based on the balance sheet to be adopted for the financial year 2024.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Handling of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes to approve the 2024 Remuneration Report for governing bodies. The Annual General Meeting's resolution on the approval of the Remuneration Report is advisory.The Remuneration Report for the company's governing bodies is available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the members of the Board of Directors to be elected at the Annual General Meeting be paid the following annual fees for the term ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026:Chairman of the Board EUR 76 000    Vice Chairman of the Board EUR 45 000    other members of the Board EUR 38 000   and  and Chairmen of the Board's Committees EUR 45 000 .The members of the Board of Directors are paid only one annual fee according to their role so that no overlapping fees will be paid. In addition  the Nomination Board proposes that an attendance allowance of EUR 700 be paid for each Board meeting and an attendance allowance of EUR 700 be paid for each Committee meeting as well. For the members of the Board of Directors or the members of the Committees who reside abroad and do not have a permanent address in Finland  the attendance allowance will be multiplied by two (EUR 1 400) if attending the meeting requires travelling to Finland.The Nomination Board proposes the annual fee to be paid as company's shares and cash so that approximately 40 per cent of the annual fee will be paid as Kojamo plc's shares and the rest will be paid in cash. The shares will be purchased directly on behalf of the members of the Board of Directors. The company is responsible for the costs arising from the acquisition of the company shares. The shares in question can't be transferred earlier than two years from the transaction or before the term of the member of the Board of Directors has ended  depending which date is earlier. The shares shall be purchased within two weeks of the publication of Kojamo plc's Interim Report for 1 January - 31 March 2025.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders' Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that for the term ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026  the number of members of the Board of Directors remain the same and be seven (7).13. Election of members and Chairman of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholder's Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that Mikael Aro be elected as Chairman of the Board  and the current members Kari Kauniskangas  Anne Koutonen  Mikko Mursula  Veronica Lindholm  Andreas Segal and Annica Ånäs be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors.All candidates have consented to being elected and are independent of the company. The candidates are also independent of the company's major shareholders.The members of the Board of Directors are presented on the company's website at: www.kojamo.fi/en/investors/corporate-governance/board/.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the Audit Committee's recommendation  to the Annual General Meeting that the Auditor to be elected be remunerated against a reasonable invoice approved by the company.15. Election of AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the Audit Committee's recommendation  to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab  authorised public accountants  be re-elected as the company's Auditor for the term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. KPMG Oy Ab has announced that it will appoint Petri Kettunen  APA  as the principally responsible auditor.16. Resolution on the remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurance providerThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the Audit Committee's recommendation  to the Annual General Meeting that the sustainability reporting assurance provider to be elected be remunerated against a reasonable invoice approved by the company.17. Election of the sustainability reporting assurance providerThe Board of Directors proposes  based on the Audit Committee's recommendation  to the Annual General Meeting that KPMG Oy Ab be elected as the company's sustainability reporting assurance provider for the term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. KPMG Oy Ab has notified that Petri Kettunen  ASA  would act as the key sustainability partner.18.A. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's shares in an aggregate maximum amount of 24 714 439 shares. The proposed number of shares corresponds to approximately 10 percent of all the shares of the company.Own shares may be repurchased on the basis of the authorisation only by using unrestricted equity. Own shares can be repurchased at a price formed in public trading on the date of the repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market. The Board of Directors decides how the shares are repurchased and/or accepted as pledge. Own shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase).The authorisation shall be in force until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2026.This authorisation cancels the authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting on 14 March 2024 to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's own shares.18.B. A shareholder proposal on authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's own sharesShareholders Brummer Multi-Manager Fund Limited and Brummer Multi-Strategy Cayman Master Ltd who together own approximately two million (0.8%) shares in the Company propose to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the company's shares in an aggregate maximum amount of 61 786 100 shares. The proposed number of shares corresponds to approximately 25 percent of all the shares of the company. Other than the number of shares  the proposal is made on the same terms as proposal 18.A.19. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Board of Directors be authorised to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in chapter 10 section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act as follows:The number of shares to be issued on the basis of the authorisation shall not exceed an aggregate maximum of 24 714 439 shares  which corresponds to approximately 10 percent of all the shares of the company. This authorisation applies to both  the issuance of new shares as well as the transfer of treasury shares held by the company.The Board of Directors decides on all terms of the issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares. The issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights (directed issue).The authorisation shall be in force until the close of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2026.This authorisation cancels the authorisation given to the Board of Directors by the Annual General Meeting on 14 March 2024 to decide on the issuance of shares as well as special rights entitling to shares.20. Closing of the MeetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe above-mentioned proposals for the decisions on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  this notice  the Financial Statements of Kojamo plc  the consolidated Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor's report  and the Remuneration Report are available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm. The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available at the above-mentioned website no later than on 27 March 2025.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders' registerEach shareholder  who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  Monday  3 March 2025  in the shareholders' register of the company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy  is entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her Finnish book-entry account (including equity savings account)  is registered in the shareholders' register of the company. A shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting also by way of proxy representation or by voting in advance. The use of proxy representatives is described below in section C.4 and advance voting in section C.5.2. Registration for the Annual General MeetingRegistration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting will begin on Friday  14 February 2025 at 9.00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder registered in the company's shareholders' register  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  must register for the Annual General Meeting and  if they wish  vote in advance no later than by Thursday  6 March 2025 at 4.00 p.m. (EET)  by which time the registration and any advance votes must be received.A shareholder whose shares are registered in his/her personal book-entry account may register from 9.00 a.m. (EET) on 14 February 2025 until 4.00 p.m. (EET) on 6 March 2025 by the following means:a. through the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agmOnline registration requires that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish  Swedish or Danish banking credentials or a mobile certificate.b. by mail or emailA shareholder may send a notice to attend by mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Kojamo Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email at agm@innovatics.fi.In connection with the registration  a shareholder is required to provide the requested information  such as their name  date of birth or business ID  address  telephone number and email address as well as the name and date of birth of a possible authorised proxy representative  legal representative or assistant. The personal data given to Kojamo plc or Innovatics Oy will only be used for the purposes of the Annual General Meeting and for the processing of related registrations. Shareholders registering for the Annual General Meeting by email or regular mail are recommended to use the registration and advance voting form available on the company's website for the registration and possible advance voting.A shareholder  their possible authorised proxy representative  legal representative or assistant must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the Annual General Meeting.3. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders' register of the company held by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the Annual General Meeting on Monday  3 March 2025. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder  on the basis of such shares  has been temporarily entered into the shareholders' register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by Monday 10 March 2025 by 10.00 a.m. (EET). For nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register of the company  issuing of proxy authorisation documents and voting instructions as well as registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian bank. The account manager of the custodian shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares wishing to participate in the Annual General Meeting in the shareholders' register of the company at the latest by the time stated above. In addition  the account manager of the custodian shall  as needed  see to voting in advance on behalf of a nominee-registered shareholder within the registration period applicable to nominee-registered shares  i.e.  no later than by Monday 10 March 2025 by 10.00 a.m. (EET).4. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyShareholders may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights by appointing a proxy representative. Also  a proxy representative may vote in advance in the manner described in this notice.Proxy representatives must identify himself/herself personally to the online registration service and advance voting using strong authentication  after which they can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder they represent. A proxy representative shall produce a dated proxy authorisation document or otherwise demonstrate in a reliable manner their right to represent the shareholder. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the Suomi.fi e-Authorizations service.A template for the proxy authorisation document and voting instructions is available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm. Possible proxy authorisation documents are requested to be submitted by mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Kojamo Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email at agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period (6 March 2025 at 4.00 p.m. (EET))  by which time the documents must be received.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different securities accounts  the shares in respect of which each proxy representative is authorised to represent the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.5. Advance votingA shareholder whose shares are registered in his/her personal book-entry account (including equity savings account) may also vote in advance on certain agenda items of the Annual General Meeting from 9.00 a.m. (EET) on 14 February 2025 until 4.00 p.m. (EET) on 6 March 2025 by the following means:a. through the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agmAdvance voting requires that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish  Swedish or Danish banking credentials or a mobile certificate.b. by mail or emailA shareholder who votes in advance by mail or email shall send the registration and advance voting form available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm or corresponding information by mail to Innovatics Oy  Yhtiökokous / Kojamo Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki or by email at agm@innovatics.fi.If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by submitting votes in advance by mail or email to Innovatics Oy before the deadline for registration and advance voting  the submission constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder's message includes the information required for the registration  as mentioned above in section C.1.Instructions relating to the advance voting are available on the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm.Shareholders who have voted in advance and wish to exercise their right to ask questions  demand a vote at the Annual General Meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal under the Finnish Companies Act must participate in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue in person or by way of proxy representation.For holders of nominee-registered shares  advance voting is carried out via the account manager. The account manager may cast advance votes on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares in accordance with the voting instructions provided by the holders of nominee-registered shares during the registration period for the nominee-registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented without amendments at the Annual General Meeting.6. Other instructions and informationThe language of the Annual General Meeting shall be Finnish. A shareholder who is present at the Annual General Meeting has the right to ask questions with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting in accordance with Chapter 5 Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act.Proposals 18.A and 18.B to the Annual General Meeting are mutually exclusive and the Annual General Meeting will pass a single resolution in item 18.The information concerning the Annual General Meeting required under the Finnish Companies Act and the Finnish Securities Markets Act is available at the company's website at www.kojamo.fi/agm.On the date of this notice  13 February 2025  the total number of shares in Kojamo plc and votes represented by such shares is 247 144 399. On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  the company does not hold any of its own shares.Changes in the number of shares held after the record date of the Annual General Meeting shall not have an effect on the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting nor the number of votes held by a shareholder in the Annual General Meeting.Additional information on the registration and advance voting is available during the registration period of the Annual General Meeting by telephone at +358 10 2818 909 on business days during 9.00 a.m. until 12.00 noon and from 1.00 p.m. until 4.00 p.m. (EET).In Helsinki  13 February 2025Kojamo plcThe Board of DirectorsFor more information  please contact:Markus Kouhi  General counsel  Kojamo plc  tel. +358 20 508 4238  markus.kouhi@kojamo.fiDistribution:Nasdaq Helsinki  Key mediaKojamo is Finland's largest private residential real estate company and a frontrunner in the housing business. Our mission is to create better urban housing. The Lumo brand provides environmental-friendly housing and services in Finland's biggest growth centres. We actively develop the value of our investment properties by developing new properties and our existing property portfolio. We want to be the property market frontrunner and the number one choice for our customers. Kojamo's shares are listed on the official list of Nasdaq Helsinki. For more information  please visit https://kojamo.fi/en/This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/kojamo-oyj/r/notice-to-the-annual-general-meeting-of-kojamo-plc c4104981,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Kojamo plc', 'Notice', 'Kojamo plc Stock Exchange Release', 'The Annual General Meeting', ""The Shareholders' Nomination Board"", 'Finnish Companies Act', 'one annual fee', 'The Nomination Board', 'The Financial Statements', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual fees', 'meeting venue', 'Committee meeting', 'The Board', 'The CEO', 'financial year 2024', 'Mannerheimintie 168a', 'proxy representatives', 'voting rights', 'section C', ""shareholders' rights"", 'following matters', 'voting list', 'balance sheet', 'distributable equity', 'governing bodies', 'overlapping fees', 'permanent address', '40 per cent', 'two years', 'two weeks', 'Board meeting', 'attendance allowance', '2024 Remuneration Report', 'Interim Report', 'Thursday 13 March', 'advance voting', 'Vice Chairman', 'A. MATTERS', 'parent company', 'other members', 'company shares', '31 March', '9.00 a', '10.00 a', 'February', 'HELSINKI', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'Notice', 'headquarters', 'Finland', 'reception', 'participants', 'distribution', 'ballots', 'Instructions', 'webcast', 'website', 'agm', 'questions', 'counterproposals', 'permission', 'exercise', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'adoption', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'review', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit/loss', 'payment', 'dividend', '31 December', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'approval', 'term', 'close', 'Chairmen', 'Committees', 'role', 'addition', 'cash', 'rest', 'behalf', 'costs', 'acquisition', 'transaction', 'date', 'publication', '1 January', 'number']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,prnewswire.co.uk
48857,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/13/3026104/0/en/Euronext-publishes-Q4-and-full-year-2024-results.html,Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2024 results,Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2024 results  Euronext delivered double-digit revenue growth in 2024 thanks to its diversified revenue profile and......,"Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2024 resultsEuronext delivered double-digit revenue growth in 2024 thanks to its diversified revenue profile and confirms the achievement of its 2024 targets. Euronext reached record adjusted EPS in 2024 through cost discipline and strategic capital allocation. 2025 will be a year of investment for innovation and growth.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 13 February 2025 – Euronext  the leading European capital market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2024.Full year 2024 revenue and income was up +10.3% at €1 626.9 million: Non-volume related revenue and income represented 58% of total revenue and income (compared to 60% in 2023) and covered 153% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A0F 1 (vs. 145% in 2023): Custody and Settlement revenue grew to €270.5 million (+8.7%)  driven by higher assets under custody  dynamic settlement activity and strong growth of value-added services; Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €241.7 million (+7.5%)  driven by continued demand for fixed income trading data  power trading data and dynamic retail usage. Revenue was supported by the acquisition of GRSS  a leading provider of services to benchmark administrators; Listing revenue grew to €231.9 million (+5.1%)  despite headwinds from the NOK1F 2 depreciation. This reflects the continued strong performance of corporate solutions and resilient listing revenue. With 53 new equity listings and over 14 700 new bond listings in 2024  Euronext confirms its leading European position in equity listing and its worldwide leadership in debt listing; Technology Solutions reported €106.2 million of revenue (-3.4%)  reflecting the termination of Borsa Italiana legacy services in March 2024 following the migration to Optiq®.Trading revenue grew to €559.4 million (+14.2%)  driven by record results in fixed income  FX and power trading and solid growth in cash trading revenue;Clearing revenue grew to €144.3 million (+19.0%)  powered by the European expansion of Euronext Clearing  dynamic fixed income activity and the strong performance of commodities clearing. Net treasury income was at €56.8 million (+21.8%).Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A 1 were in line with the revised guidance of €620 million  at €620.5 million (+1.7% compared to 2023) . Cost discipline  synergies  and positive one-off items partly offset growth investments and acquisition impacts.. Cost discipline  synergies  and positive one-off items partly offset growth investments and acquisition impacts. Adjusted EBITDA 1 was €1 006.4 million (+16.4%) and adjusted EBITDA margin was 61.9% (+3.3pts).Adjusted net income 1 was €682.5 million (+16.7%) and adjusted EPS was €6.59 (+19.6%).Reported net income was €585.6 million (+14.0%)  despite the negative comparison base related to the €41.6 million capital gain received in 2023 for the disposal of Euronext’s 11.1% stake in LCH SA.despite the negative comparison base related to the €41.6 million capital gain received in 2023 for the disposal of Euronext’s 11.1% stake in LCH SA. Net debt to EBITDA 2F 3 was at 1.4x at the end of December 2024  within Euronext’s target range. Euronext’s S&P rating was upgraded to ‘A-  Stable Outlook’ in February 2025.2F Euronext’s S&P rating was upgraded to ‘A-  Stable Outlook’ in February 2025. Achievement of 2024 financial targets is confirmed. Euronext revenue reached +4.7% CAGR 2020PF-2024   above the +3% to +4% targeted. Euronext attained an adjusted EBITDA growth of +6.4% CAGR 2020PF-2024   above the +5% to +6% targeted.Euronext revenue reached +4.7% CAGR   above the +3% to +4% targeted. Euronext attained an adjusted EBITDA growth of +6.4% CAGR   above the +5% to +6% targeted. Key figures for full year 2024:In €m  unless stated otherwise 2024 2023 % var % var l-f-l3F4 Revenue and income 1 626.9 1 474.7 +10.3% +10.0% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A2 (620.5) (610.0) +1.7% +1.0% Adjusted EBITDA 1 006.4 864.7 +16.4% +16.3% Adjusted EBITDA margin 61.9% 58.6% +3.3pts +3.4pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 585.6 513.6 +14.0% Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders 682.5 584.7 +16.7% Adjusted EPS (basic  in €) (share count differs between the two periods4F5) 6.59 5.51 +19.6% Reported EPS (basic  in €) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.65 4.84 +16.7% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in €) (share count differs between the two periods) 6.56 5.50 +19.3% Reported EPS (diluted  in €) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.63 4.83 +16.6%Dividend proposal to the 2025 Annual General MeetingA dividend of €292.8 million will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting on 15 May 2025. This represents 50% of 2024 reported net income  in line with Euronext’s dividend policy. This dividend represents an increase of +14.0% compared to 20235F6.Euronext continues its cost discipline and invests in strategic growthIn 2024  Euronext reported underlying expenses (excl. D&A) in line with the revised guidance of €620 million. This compares to an initial guidance of €625 million  which did not take into account the impact of any acquisitions executed over the course of 2024.2024 normalised underlying expenses (excl. D&A) were at approximately €640 million  taking into account approximately €8 million of positive one-off items and the full-year impact of bolt-on acquisitions.Euronext expects its total underlying expenses (excl. D&A) for 2025 to be around €670 million. Euronext expects its 2025 underlying expenses (excl. D&A) to be stable at around €640 million compared to 2024 normalised underlying expenses (excl. D&A)  as savings and synergies are expected to entirely offset inflationary impacts. In addition  Euronext plans to invest around 5% of its normalised underlying expenses (excl. D&A) to deliver strategic growth projects  as highlighted during the Investor Day on 8 November 2024.Progress with the delivery of “Innovate for Growth 2027” Euronext will accelerate the delivery of its power futures ambition with the contemplated acquisition of Nasdaq’s Nordic power futures business  announced on 28 January 2025. Euronext continues to leverage its clearing house to launch innovative derivatives products. Euronext will launch fixed income derivatives on major European government bonds  including the first-ever cash-settled mini futures in September 2025  delivering unparalleled accessibility and flexibility to investors. Euronext announced a strategic collaboration with Euroclear to enhance Euronext Clearing’s collateral management offering. This collaboration is a major enabler of Euronext’s ambition to expand its leading Italian repo clearing franchise to a large range of European government bonds.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:""In 2024  we delivered double-digit topline growth thanks to the solid performance of non-volume related activities  excellent performance of FICC trading  and the successful clearing expansion in Europe. For the first time  Euronext reached the significant threshold of over €1 billion in adjusted EBITDA  an increase of +16.4% compared to last year. Our notable adjusted net income growth of +16.7% compared to last year  to €682.5 million underscores our profitability and our robust financial health. Adjusted EPS (basic) was up +19.6% in 2024  at €6.59 per share  compared to €5.51 per share in 2023. This increase reflects Euronext’s strong performance and a lower number of outstanding shares over 2024 due to Euronext’s share repurchase programme.In 2024  Euronext achieved several key milestones that allowed us to expand our presence across the entire capital markets value chain  as we have finalised the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group. We have exceeded our 2024 financial targets for revenue and EBITDA growth. We have also strengthened our non-volume business with strategic acquisitions such as GRSS  Substantive Research  and Acupay.In 2025  we are building the foundations to achieve our 2027 growth targets and we are investing to innovate for growth. We have already begun with the announced acquisition of Nasdaq’s Nordic power futures business6F7. This addition will significantly contribute to the growth of our FICC trading and clearing business. We are pleased to announce the most significant innovation in financial derivatives in recent years  the launch of cash-settled mini futures on European government bonds. Finally  we have made a first major step in the expansion of our Repo clearing franchise through a strategic collaboration with Euroclear to enhance Euronext Clearing’s collateral management offering. Euronext has promising growth opportunities ahead  which will further reinforce our position as the leading capital market infrastructure in Europe.""2024 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseFY 2024 FY 2023 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 1 626.9 1 474.7 +10.3% +10.0% Listing 231.9 220.6 +5.1% +5.4% Trading revenue  of which 559.4 490.0 +14.2% +14.3% Cash trading 284.0 265.4 +7.0% +7.0% Derivatives trading 53.1 54.2 -2.0% -2.0% Fixed income trading 145.5 107.4 +35.5% +35.5% FX trading 31.7 25.6 +24.2% +24.2% Power trading 45.1 37.4 +20.4% +22.6% Investor Services 14.1 11.4 +24.2% +14.8% Advanced Data Services 241.7 224.8 +7.5% +5.3% Post-Trade  of which 414.7 370.2 +12.0% +11.9% Clearing 144.3 121.3 +19.0% +19.0% Custody and Settlement 270.5 248.9 +8.7% +8.8% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 106.2 109.9 -3.4% -3.3% NTI through CCP business 56.8 46.7 +21.8% +21.8% Other income 2.0 1.4 +45.5% +44.5% Transitional revenues - (0.2) N/A N/A Underlying operational expenses excl. D&A (620.5) (610.0) +1.7% +1.0% Adjusted EBITDA 1 006.4 864.7 +16.4% +16.3% Adjusted EBITDA margin 61.9% 58.6% +3.3pts +3.4pts Operating expenses excl. D&A (651.3) (688.3) -5.4% +1.0% EBITDA 975.6 786.4 +24.1% +9.9% Depreciation & Amortisation (188.7) (170.1) +10.9% +11.2% Total Expenses (incl. D&A) (840.1) (858.5) -2.1% -2.6% Adjusted operating profit 922.9 790.4 +16.8% +16.7% Operating Profit 786.8 616.2 +27.7% Net financing income / (expense) 17.5 (0.2) Results from equity investments 34.7 83.1 -58.3% Profit before income tax 839.1 699.1 +20.0% Income tax expense (218.4) (162.7) +34.2% Share of non-controlling interests (35.1) (22.8) +53.7% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 585.6 513.6 +14.0% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders7F8 682.5 584.7 +16.7% Adjusted EPS (basic  in €) 6.59 5.51 +19.6% Reported EPS (basic  in €) 5.65 4.84 +16.7% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in €) 6.56 5.50 +19.3% Reported EPS (diluted  in €) 5.63 4.83 +16.6%Share count differs between the two periods.2024 revenue and incomeIn 2024  Euronext’s revenue and income was €1 626.9 million  up +10.3% compared to 2023. This resulted from solid organic growth in non-volume related businesses  a dynamic trading environment across asset classes  and the positive contribution of the Euronext Clearing European expansion.On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was up +10.0% in 2024  at €1 618.2 million  compared to 2023.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 58% of underlying Group revenue in 2024  compared to 60% in 2023. This reflects the strong growth in trading and post-trade revenue  and solid performance of non-volume-related revenue. Non-volume-related revenue covered 153% of underlying operating expenses excluding D&A  compared to 145% in 2023.2024 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased slightly to €620.5 million  up +1.7%  in line with the revised guidance of €620 million  and lower than the initial guidance of €625 million. Cost discipline  FX impacts and positive one-offs (around €8.3 million) partly offset growth investments and acquisitions impacts.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +1.0% compared to 2023  which highlights the impact of acquisitions on a reported basis.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the year totalled €1 006.4 million  up +16.4% compared to 2023. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 61.9%  up +3.3 points compared to 2023. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for 2024 was up +16.3%  to €1 003.2 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 62.0%  up +3.4 points compared to 2023.2024 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €188.7 million in 2024  up +10.9%  resulting from migration projects and acquisitions. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €81.2 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.2024 adjusted operating profit was €922.9 million  up +16.8% compared to 2023 adjusted operating profit.€136.1 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in 2024  related to the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing income for 2024 was €17.5 million  compared to a net financing expense of €0.2 million in 2023. This increase resulted from higher interest income due to higher interest rates and strong cash generation  offsetting the cost of debt in 2024.Results from equity investments amounted to €34.7 million in 2024  including €23.4 million of dividend received from Euroclear and the €10.1 million of dividend earned from Sicovam. In 2023  Euronext reported €83.1 million of results from equity investments. This was a result of the capital gain on the disposal of Euronext’s stake in LCH SA and the disposal of Euronext’s investment in Tokeny  as well as the dividend received from Euroclear and Sicovam.Income tax for 2024 was €218.4 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 26.0% for 2024. In 2023  the income tax rate was 23.3%  positively impacted by non-taxable income. Income tax amounted to €162.7 million.Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €35.1 million in 2024.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  increased by +14.0% for 2024 compared to 2023  to €585.6 million. This represents a reported EPS of €5.65 basic and €5.63 diluted in 2024  compared to €4.84 basic and €4.83 diluted in 2023. This increase reflects the strong results and a lower number of shares over 2024 compared to 2023.Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was up +16.7% to €682.5 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was up +19.6% in 2024  at €6.59 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €5.51 per share in 2023.The weighted number of shares used over 2024 was 103 578 980 for the basic calculation and 103 983 870 for the diluted calculation  compared to 106 051 799 and 106 376 338 respectively over 2023.In 2024  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €708.6 million  compared to €826.1 million in 2023. The difference results from higher profit before tax  higher income tax  lower results from equity investments and negative changes in working capital. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 72.3% of EBITDA in 2024.2024 business highlightsListingIn €m  unless stated otherwise FY 2024 FY 2023 % change Revenue 231.9 220.6 +5.1% Equity 106.6 105.1 +1.4% o/w Annual fees 72.4 69.0 +5.0% o/w Follow-ons 18.7 20.8 -10.1% o/w IPOs 15.5 15.4 +0.9% Debts 40.4 36.0 +12.2% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 24.0 23.3 +3.0% Corporate Solutions 50.3 45.4 +10.7% ELITE and Other 10.2 10.8 -5.8%Money raised (€m) FY 2024 FY 2023 % change Equity listings 3 840 2 481 +54.8% Follow-ons 15 782 20 177 -21.8% Bonds 1 190 154 1 156 035 +3.0% Listed securities FY 2024 FY 2023 % change New equity listings over the period 53 64 -17.2%Money raised from follow-ons has been restated for previous periods.Listing revenue was €231.9 million in 2024  an increase of +5.1% compared to 2023  driven by the resilience of the offering and sustained leadership in listing  partially offset by the NOK depreciation.Euronext recorded 33% of equity listings in Europe8F9 with 53 new equity listings.Euronext Corporate Solutions revenue grew by +10.7% compared to 2023 to €50.3 million  thanks to a strong performance of the SaaS and advisory offering.Debt listing revenue grew by +12.2% compared to 2023 to €40.4 million  driven by dynamic bond issuance activity.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +5.4% compared to 2023.Trading Cash tradingFY 2024 FY 2023 % change Cash trading revenue (€m) 284.0 265.4 +7.0% ADV Cash market (€m) 10 405 10 053 +3.5%Cash trading revenue increased by +7.0% to €284.0 million in 2024  supported by efficient yield management and higher volumes.Over the year  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.53 bps  up from 0.52 bps in 2023 despite continued high order sizes. Euronext market share of cash trading averaged 64.8% in 2024.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was up +7.0%.Derivatives tradingFY 2024 FY 2023 % change Derivatives trading revenue (€m) 53.1 54.2 -2.0% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 619 833 619 244 +0.1% ADV Equity & Index derivatives (in lots) 503 506 528 368 -4.7% ADV Commodity derivatives (in lots) 116 328 90 876 +28.0%Derivatives trading revenue decreased by -2.0% to €53.1 million in 2024  reflecting the continuing trend of lower volatility for equity and index derivatives  offset by very dynamic commodity trading. Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.33 per lot for the year. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was down -2.0% in 2024 compared to 2023.Fixed income tradingFY 2024 FY 2023 % change Fixed income trading revenue (€m) 145.5 107.4 +35.5% o/w MTS Cash 103.1 67.1 +53.7% o/w MTS Repo 26.5 25.2 +4.9% ADV MTS Cash (€m) 37 021 23 026 +60.8% TAADV MTS Repo (€m) 483 247 436 039 +10.8% ADV other fixed income (€m) 1 612 1 266 +27.4%Fixed income revenue reached €145.5 million in 2024  up +35.5% compared to 2023. MTS Cash reached record results  driven by strategic positioning of the solutions provided to market participants and issuers and favourable market conditions. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was up +35.5% compared to 2023.FX tradingFY 2024 FY 2023 % change Spot FX trading revenue (€m) 31.7 25.6 +24.2% ADV spot FX Market (in $m) 26 493 22 450 +18.0%FX trading revenue was €31.7 million in 2024  up +24.2% compared to 2023. This reflects growing volumes  bolstered by a favourable volatility environment and commercial expansion. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +24.2% compared to 2023.Power tradingFY 2024 FY 2023 % change Power trading revenue (€m) 45.1 37.4 +20.4% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.74 2.74 +0.3% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.31 0.20 +55.0%Power trading revenue reached €45.1 million in 2024  up +20.4% compared to 2023  reflecting continued strong growth of intraday volumes. This strong result was partially offset by the depreciation of the NOK. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +22.6% compared to 2023.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported €14.1 million revenue in 2024  representing a +24.2% increase compared to 2023  supported by continued commercial expansion and the contribution of Substantive Research  acquired on 17 September 2024. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +14.8% compared to 2023.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services revenue reached €241.7 million in 2024  up +7.5% from 2023  driven by continued demand for fixed-income and power trading data and dynamic retail usage. It was also supported by the contribution of GRSS  acquired as announced on 3 June 2024  and rapid expansion of advanced data solutions. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +5.3% compared to 2023.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise FY 2024 FY 2023 % change Post-trade revenue (excl. NTI) 414.7 370.2 +12.0% Clearing 144.3 121.3 +19.0% o/w Revenue from LCH SA 62.8 71.8 -12.5% o/w Revenue from Euronext Clearing 81.5 49.5 +64.5% o/w Derivatives 18.1 5.6 +221.2% o/w Equities 24.4 16.6 +47.1% o/w Bonds 14.9 13.6 +10.0% o/w Other 24.1 13.7 +75.8% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 270.5 248.9 +8.7%ClearingNumber of transactions and lots cleared FY 2024 FY 2023 % change Shares (number of contracts – single counted) 234 777 332 83 486 969 +181.2% Bonds – Wholesale (nominal value in €bn – double counted) 29 717 27 177 +9.3% Bonds – Retail (number of contracts – double counted) 15 133 264 13 732 528 +10.2% Derivatives9F10 65 536 847 25 244 669 +159.6%Clearing revenue was up +19.0% to €144.3 million in 2024  reflecting the successful and timely execution of the last steps of the pan-Europeanisation of Euronext Clearing. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA prior to the migration) accounted for €41.9 million of the total clearing revenue in 2024. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +19.0% compared to 2023.Net treasury incomeNet treasury income for Euronext Clearing was at €56.8 million in 2024  up +21.8% compared to 2023. The increase was driven by higher collateral following the completion of the derivatives clearing migration on 7 September 2024 and a positive comparison base in Q1 2023 due to the disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesEuronext Securities activity FY 2024 FY 2023 % change Number of settlement instructions over the period 134 287 470 123 587 470 +7.8% Assets under Custody (in €bn)  end of period 7 065 6 663 +6.0%Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities was €270.5 million in 2024  posting a strong growth of +8.7% compared to 2023. This reflects growing assets under custody  dynamic issuance activities and higher settlement activity. Euronext Securities’ value-added services business continued to post strong growth  supported by the acquisition of Acupay as announced on 2 October 2024. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +8.8% compared to 2023.Technology Solutions and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue was €106.2 million in 2024  down -3.4% from 2023  reflecting the termination of double-run connectivity revenues and Borsa Italiana legacy services following the migration to Optiq®  passing on synergies to clients. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was down -3.3% compared to 2023.Q4 2024 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseQ4 2024 Q4 2023 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 415.8 374.1 +11.1% +9.9% Listing 59.4 56.2 +5.8% +5.9% Trading revenue  of which 141.4 124.5 +13.5% +13.5% Cash trading 70.9 64.1 +10.6% +10.6% Derivatives trading 12.9 12.8 +0.3% +0.3% Fixed income trading 37.8 30.6 +23.7% +23.7% FX trading 8.5 6.7 +27.7% +26.4% Power trading 11.3 10.4 +8.8% +10.1% Investor Services 4.2 3.0 +39.8% +13.0% Advanced Data Services 61.1 56.1 +8.9% +4.8% Post Trade  of which 102.8 94.6 +8.6% +7.0% Clearing 32.9 32.3 +1.8% +1.8% Custody and Settlement 69.9 62.3 +12.2% +10.1% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 28.4 27.6 +3.1% +3.2% NTI through CCP business 17.9 11.7 +53.3% +53.3% Other income 0.6 0.5 +37.5% +0.0% Underlying operational expenses excl. D&A (163.2) (157.8) +3.4% +1.1% Adjusted EBITDA 252.6 216.3 +16.7% +16.4% Adjusted EBITDA margin 60.7% 57.8% +2.9pts +3.4pts Operating expenses excl. D&A (174.4) (173.3) +0.6% -1.5% EBITDA 241.4 200.8 +20.2% +19.8% Depreciation & Amortisation (49.6) (45.6) +8.7% +8.6% Total Expenses (incl. D&A) (224.0) (218.9) +2.3% +0.6% Adjusted operating profit 231.1 196.3 +17.7% +17.3% Operating Profit 191.8 155.2 +23.6% Net financing income / (expense) 6.5 4.7 +38.2% Results from equity investments 10.1 17.0 -40.8% Profit before income tax 208.4 176.9 +17.8% Income tax expense (55.5) (40.0) +38.8% Share of non-controlling interests (8.2) (6.4) +29.2% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 144.6 130.6 +10.8% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders10F11 172.3 148.2 +16.3% Adjusted EPS (basic  in €) 1.66 1.42 +16.9% Reported EPS (basic  in €) 1.40 1.25 +12.0% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in €) 1.66 1.41 +17.7% Reported EPS (diluted  in €) 1.39 1.24 +12.1%Share count differs between the two periodsQ4 2024 revenue and incomeIn Q4 2024  Euronext’s revenue and income amounted to €415.8 million  up +11.1% compared to Q4 2023  driven by record performance in fixed income trading  robust results in non-volume related businesses and the positive contribution of the Euronext Clearing European expansion at the end of November 2023.On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext revenue and income were up +9.9% in Q4 2024 compared to Q4 2023  to €411.1 million.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of Group revenue in Q4 2024  compared to 60% in Q4 2023  reflecting continued strong performance of trading and post-trade in Q4 2024. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 151% in Q4 2024  compared to 141% in Q4 2023.Q4 2024 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +3.4% to €163.2 million  reflecting investments in growth and the impact of acquisitions. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +1.1% compared to Q4 2023  reflecting mainly the impact of acquisitions on a reported basis.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €252.6 million  up +16.7% compared to Q4 2023. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 60.7%  up +2.9 points compared to Q4 2023. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q4 2024 was up +16.4%  to €251.5 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 61.2%  up +3.4 points compared to the same perimeter in Q4 2023.Q4 2024 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €49.6 million in Q4 2024  +8.7% more than in Q4 2023 due to the impact of migration projects and acquisitions. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.7 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.Adjusted operating profit was €231.1 million  up +17.7% compared to Q4 2023. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was up +17.3% compared to Q4 2023  at €230.1 million.€39.3 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q4 2024  related to the final steps of the Borsa Italiana Group integration and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing income for Q4 2024 was €6.5 million  compared to €4.7 million in Q4 2023. This increase results from higher interest income due to higher interest rates and strong cash generation  offsetting the cost of debt.Results from equity investments amounted to €10.1 million in Q4 2024  representing the dividend received from Sicovam. As a reminder  in Q4 2023  Euronext reported €17.0 million of results from equity investments due to the capital gain related to the disposal of the stake in Tokeny and the dividend received from Sicovam.Income tax for Q4 2024 was €55.5 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 26.6% for the quarter. (Q4 2023: €40.0 million and 22.6% respectively  reflecting the positive impact of the tax-exempted one-off capital gain from the disposal of the Tokeny stake).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €8.2 million in Q4 2024.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  increased by +10.8% for Q4 2024 compared to Q4 2023  to €144.6 million. This represents a reported EPS of €1.40 basic and €1.39 diluted in Q4 2024  compared to €1.25 basic and €1.24 diluted in Q4 2023. Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was up +16.3% to €172.3 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was up +16.9% in Q4 2024  at €1.66 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.42 per share in Q4 2023. This increase reflects higher profit and a lower number of outstanding shares over the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to the fourth quarter of 2023.The weighted number of shares used over 2024 was 103 578 980 for the basic calculation and 103 983 870 for the diluted calculation  compared to 106 051 799 and 106 376 338 respectively over 2023.In Q4 2024  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €175.0 million  compared to €194.5 million in Q4 2023  reflecting negative changes in working capital from short-term movement in outstanding power sales customers’ and suppliers’ invoices related to Nord Pool CCP activities and higher income tax. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 64.3% of EBITDA in Q4 2024.Q4 2024 business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2024 Q4 2023 % change Listing revenue 59.4 56.2 +5.8% Equity 26.6 26.6 -0.1% o/w Annual fees 18.0 17.1 +5.2% o/w Follow-ons 4.6 5.8 -19.2% o/w IPOs 3.9 3.7 +4.6% Debts 9.8 9.1 +7.7% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 6.1 5.9 +3.5% Corporate Solutions 14.0 12.3 +13.6% ELITE and Other 2.9 2.2 +31.9%Listing revenue was €59.4 million in Q4 2024  an increase of +5.8% compared to Q4 2023 driven by dynamic listing and follow-on activity and strong performance of corporate solutions  partially offset by the depreciation of the NOK.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +5.9% compared to Q4 2023.Money raised (€m) Q4 2024 Q4 2023 % change Equity listings 164 247 -33.7% Follow-ons 2 556 6 667 -61.7% Bonds 244 356 290 524 -15.9%Listed securities Q4 2024 Q4 2023 % change New equity listings over the period 16 13 +23.1% Number of ETFs listed  end of period 4 018 3 821 +5.2% Number of Bonds listed  end of period 55 804 55 098 +1.3%Euronext ranked as the leading listing venue in Europe with 30% of European listings. Equity listing revenue was solid at €26.6 million.Euronext Corporate Solutions revenue grew +13.6% compared to Q4 2023 to a new record level of €14.0 million  resulting from the strong performance of its SaaS products and events.Debt listing activity was strong with revenue at €9.8 million  supported by dynamic bond listing activity and favourable market conditions.Trading Cash tradingQ4 2024 Q4 2023 % change Cash trading revenue (€m) 70.9 64.1 +10.6% ADV Cash market11F (€m) 10 545 9 558 +10.3%Cash trading revenue increased by +10.6% to €70.9 million in Q4 2024  driven by a more positively geared volume environment.Over the fourth quarter of 2024  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.52 bps  reflecting more dynamic volumes and high average order sizes. Euronext market share on cash trading averaged 64.4% in Q4 2024.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was up +10.6%.Derivatives tradingQ4 2024 Q4 2023 % change Derivatives trading revenue (€m) 12.9 12.8 +0.3% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 580 555 598 894 -3.1% ADV Equity derivatives (in lots) 463 920 506 716 -8.4% ADV Commodity derivatives (in lots) 116 634 92 178 +26.5%Derivatives trading revenue increased by +0.3% to €12.9 million in Q4 2024. The strong performance of Euronext commodity derivatives  supported by new product launches  partly offset the continued low volatility environment for equity derivatives. Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.35 per lot for the fourth quarter of 2024.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was up +0.3% in Q4 2024 compared to Q4 2023.Fixed income tradingQ4 2024 Q4 2023 % change Fixed income trading revenue (€m) 37.8 30.6 +23.7% o/w MTS Cash 27.0 19.6 +37.8% o/w MTS Repo 6.7 6.3 +5.9% ADV MTS Cash (€m) 39 381 27 741 +42.0% TAADV MTS Repo (€m) 516 173 469 134 +10.0% ADV other fixed income (€m) 1 656 1 504 +10.1%Fixed income recorded record revenue at €37.8 million in Q4 2024  up +23.7% compared to Q4 2023  reflecting record quarterly volumes in MTS Cash and Repo driven by an economic environment favouring money markets and supportive volatility  and strong growth in repo and other fixed income trading.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was up +23.7% compared to Q4 2023.FX tradingQ4 2024 Q4 2023 % change Spot FX trading revenue (€m) 8.5 6.7 +27.7% ADV spot FX Market (in $m) 26 475 23 943 +10.6%FX trading revenue was €8.5 million in Q4 2024  up +27.7% compared to Q4 2023 thanks to favourable market volatility and commercial expansion.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +26.4% compared to Q4 2023.Power tradingQ4 2024 Q4 2023 % change Power trading revenue (€m) 11.3 10.4 +8.8% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.99 3.10 -3.4% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.32 0.25 +27.1%Power trading revenue reached €11.3 million in Q4 2024  up +8.8% compared to Q4 2023  reflecting continued strong growth in intraday volumes and lower day-ahead volumes due to milder temperatures.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +10.1% compared to Q4 2023. This reflects the negative impact from the NOK depreciation on a reported basis.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported €4.2 million revenue in Q4 2024  up +39.8% compared to Q4 2023  resulting from continued commercial expansion and the full-quarter contribution from Substantive Research  acquired as announced in September 2024.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +13.0% compared to Q4 2023.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services revenue was €61.1 million in Q4 2024  up +8.9% from Q4 2023  driven by a solid performance of the core data business  solid demand for analytic products and diversified datasets and from retail investors. It also reflects the positive contribution of GRSS  acquired as announced in June 2024. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +4.8% compared to Q4 2023.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2024 Q4 2023 % change Post-trade revenue (excl. NTI) 102.8 94.6 +8.6% Clearing 32.9 32.3 +1.8% o/w Revenue from LCH SA - 17.8 o/w Revenue from Euronext Clearing 32.9 14.6 +126.2% o/w Derivatives 14.3 1.4 +940.3% o/w Equities 6.4 5.2 +21.9% o/w Bonds 3.8 3.7 +3.4% o/w Other 8.4 4.2 +98.5% Net treasury income through CCP business 17.9 11.7 +53.3% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 69.9 62.3 +12.2%ClearingNumber of transactions and lots cleared Q4 2024 Q4 2023 % change Shares (#contracts – single counted) 60 645 852 30 675 375 +97.7% Bonds – Wholesale (nominal value in €bn – double counted) 7 580 7 118 +6.5% Bonds – Retail (# contracts – double counted) 4 340 444 3 888 898 +11.6% Derivatives (# contracts – single counted) 37 154 815 5 691 338 +552.8%Clearing revenue was up +1.8% to €32.9 million in Q4 2024  reflecting the increase in equity clearing volumes following the expansion of Euronext Clearing in November 2023  as well as dynamic commodity and retail bond clearing volumes  offset by the low volatility environment for equity derivatives. Euronext has internalised the clearing and net treasury income related to its derivatives flows in September 2024. Euronext therefore no longer receives revenue and net treasury income from LCH SA  previously recorded under non-volume related clearing revenue. Non-volume related clearing revenue  mostly related to membership fees  accounted for €8.4 million of the total clearing revenue in Q4 2024. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +1.8% compared to Q4 2023.Net treasury incomeNet treasury income amounted to €17.9 million in Q4 2024. The +53.3% increase compared to Q4 2023 reflects the increased level of cash collateral posted to the CCP following the migration of derivatives clearing for all Euronext markets to Euronext Clearing.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesEuronext Securities activity Q4 2024 Q4 2023 % change Number of settlement instructions over the period 34 122 913 30 507 967 +11.8% Assets under Custody (in €bn)  end of period 7 065 6 663 +6.0%Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities was €69.9 million in Q4 2024  up +12.2% compared to Q4 2023  reflecting higher assets under custody  a growing number of settlement instructions and continued growth of the services offering  supported by the acquisition of Acupay on 2 October 2024. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +10.1% compared to Q4 2023.Technology Solutions and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue grew to €28.4 million in Q4 2024  up +3.1% from Q4 2023  supported by Technology Solutions provided through Nord Pool and the launch of Euronext Wireless Network in July 2024  which offset the termination of Borsa Italiana legacy services following the migration of Italian markets to Optiq®. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +3.2% compared to Q4 2023.Corporate highlights since 1 January 2025Euronext to acquire Nasdaq’s Nordic power futures businessOn 28 January 2025  Euronext and Nasdaq announced the signing of a binding agreement under which Euronext will acquire Nasdaq’s Nordic power futures business  subject to receipt of applicable regulatory approvals.The agreement entails the transfer of existing open positions in Nasdaq’s Nordic power derivatives  currently held in Nasdaq Clearing  to Euronext Clearing  with approval of the members. Trading of power futures will be operated from Euronext Amsterdam and will be cleared through Euronext Clearing. Nasdaq Clearing AB  Nasdaq Oslo ASA  and their respective infrastructure are not included in the sale. Nasdaq will continue to operate its European Markets Services business and multi-asset clearing house.The anticipated combination of Euronext Nord Pool’s market initiative with Nasdaq’s Nordic power futures business is fully aligned with Euronext’s “Innovate for Growth 2027” strategic priority to expand in power and accelerates the delivery of Euronext’s power futures ambitions. The transaction complies with Euronext’s capital allocation policy and will be fully financed with existing cash.Euronext upgraded to A-  stable outlook  by S&POn 3 February 2025  Euronext welcomed the decision of S&P to upgrade Euronext from ‘BBB+  Positive Outlook’ to ‘A-  Stable Outlook’.S&P’s decision reflects the completion of the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the successful expansion of Euronext Clearing and the continued deleveraging thanks to the Group's strong cash flow generation.Ongoing share buyback programmeOn 7 November 2024  Euronext announced a share repurchase programme for a maximum amount of €300 million. This programme is enabled by Euronext’s strong cash generation capabilities and demonstrates Euronext’s rigorous capital allocation strategy. Weekly reporting updates about the share repurchase programme are being published in the Share Buyback Programme section of our website. As of 7 February 2025  a total of 1 821 023 shares had been repurchased  representing 65.3% of the repurchase programme.Fixed income derivatives status updateEuronext announces the launch of fixed income derivatives on major European government bonds  marking a significant innovation in financial derivatives. This new offering includes the first-ever mini futures to be cash-settled on European government bonds  designed to provide greater accessibility and flexibility for retail investors  asset managers  and private investors. Powered by the Optiq® trading platform and supported by dedicated market makers and Euronext Clearing  these derivatives will be introduced on the Euronext Derivatives Milan market in September 2025.Euronext volumes for January 2025In January 2025  the average daily transaction value on the Euronext cash order book stood at €11 538 million  up 23.1% compared to the same period last year. The overall average daily volume on Euronext derivatives stood at 606 267 lots  up +5.1%% compared to January 2024  and the open interest was 23 064 793 contracts at the end of January 2025  up +4.5% compared to January 2024. The average daily volume on Euronext FX’s spot foreign exchange market stood at $27.7 billion  up +11.2% compared to the same period last year.MTS Cash average daily volumes were up +57.5% to €50.8 billion in January 2025  MTS Repo term adjustedaverage daily volume stood at €467.6 billion  up +3.5% compared to the same period last year.Euronext Clearing cleared 23 472 063 shares in January 2025  +20.9% compared to January 2024. €2 782.6 billion of wholesale bonds were cleared in January 2025 (double counted)  up +2.8% compared to the same period in 2024. 1 464 522 bond retail contracts were cleared in January 2025 (double counted)  up +11.9% compared to January 2024. The number of derivatives contracts cleared was 13 337 872  +606.4% compared to January 2024 (single counted). This strong increase is due to the fact that the commodity derivatives of Euronext legacy markets have been integrated following the Euronext Clearing expansion that occurred on 15 July 2024  and financial derivatives of Euronext legacy markets have been integrated following the Euronext Clearing expansion that occurred on 9 September 2024. Euronext Securities reported 13 048 702 settlement instructions in January 2025  up +14.9% compared to the same period last year. The total Assets Under Custody reached over €7 trillion in January 2025  up +7.2%.Euronext announces strategic collaboration with Euroclear to enhance Euronext Clearing’s collateral management offeringOn 11 February 2025  Euronext announced a new collaboration with Euroclear to support the development of Euronext Clearing’s collateral management services for repo and other asset classes. This collaboration is a first major step to enable Euronext’s ambition to expand its leading Italian repo clearing franchise to a large range of European government bonds bringing an efficient value offering to European and international clients. This collaboration will pave the way for the rollout of Euronext’s new repo clearing offering in June 2025  enabling the onboarding of clients including international banks  with an updated risk framework. Clients will be able to use Euroclear as a triparty agent for repo clearing.AgendaA conference call and a webcast will be held on 14 February 2025  at 09:00 CET (Paris time) / 08:00 GMT (London time):Conference call:To connect to the conference call  please dial:UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 786 697 3501 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612Password: EuronextLive webcast:For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Q4/FY 2024 ResultsThe webcast will be available for replay after the call at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.comInvestor Relations Aurélie Cohen Judith Stein +33 6 15 23 91 97MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.comEurope Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Belgium Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 France  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 Ireland Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italy Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 The Netherlands Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 Norway Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 Portugal Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97 Corporate Solutions Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44About EuronextEuronext is the leading European capital market infrastructure  covering the entire capital markets value chain  from listing  trading  clearing  settlement and custody  to solutions for issuers and investors. Euronext runs MTS  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets  and Nord Pool  the European power market. Euronext also provides clearing and settlement services through Euronext Clearing and its Euronext Securities CSDs in Denmark  Italy  Norway  and Portugal.As of December 2024  Euronext’s regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway  and Portugal host over 1 800 listed issuers with around €6 trillion in market capitalisation  a strong blue-chip franchise and the largest global centre for debt and fund listings. With a diverse domestic and international client base  Euronext handles 25% of European lit equity trading. Its products include equities  FX  ETFs  bonds  derivatives  commodities and indices.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on X and LinkedIn .DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2025  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.AppendixThe figures in this appendix have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor.Non-IFRS financial measuresFor comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin.Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income;Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group. These items can include: integration or double-run costs of significant projects  restructuring costs and costs related to acquisitions that change the perimeter of the Group; one-off finance costs  gains or losses on sale of subsidiaries and impairments of investments; amortisation and impairment of intangible assets which are recognised as a result of acquisitions and mostly comprising customer relationships  brand names and software that were identified during purchase price allocation (PPA); tax related to non-underlying items.Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact.Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.Non-volume related revenue definitionNon-volume related revenue includes Listing excluding IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody & Settlement and other Post-Trade  fixed revenue from Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue.Adjusted EPS definitionQ4 2024 Q4 2023 FY 2024 FY 2023 Net income reported 144.6 130.6 585.6 513.6 EPS reported 1.40 1.25 5.65 4.84 Adjustments of which Operating expenses excl. D&A (11.2) (15.5) (30.9) (78.3) of which Depreciation and amortisation (28.1) (25.6) (105.2) (95.9) of which Net financing expense - - - (0.2) of which results from equity investments - 11.4 1.2 53.0 of which Minority interest 1.1 1.1 2.5 4.1 Tax related to adjustments 10.5 11.1 35.5 46.2 Adjusted net income 172.3 148.2 682.5 584.7 Adjusted EPS 1.66 1.42 6.59 5.51Consolidated income statementQ4 2024 Q4 2023 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 415.8 - 415.8 374.1 - 374.1 Listing 59.4 - 59.4 56.2 - 56.2 Trading revenue  of which 141.4 - 141.4 124.5 - 124.5 Cash trading 70.9 - 70.9 64.1 - 64.1 Derivatives trading 12.9 - 12.9 12.8 - 12.8 Fixed income trading 37.8 - 37.8 30.6 - 30.6 FX trading 8.5 - 8.5 6.7 - 6.7 Power trading 11.3 - 11.3 10.4 - 10.4 Investor services 4.2 - 4.2 3.0 - 3.0 Advanced data services 61.1 - 61.1 56.1 - 56.1 Post Trade  of which 102.8 - 102.8 94.6 - 94.6 Clearing 32.9 - 32.9 32.3 - 32.3 Custody & Settlement and other 69.9 - 69.9 62.3 - 62.3 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 28.4 - 28.4 27.6 - 27.6 Net Financing Income through CCP business 17.9 - 17.9 11.7 - 11.7 Other income 0.6 - 0.6 0.5 - 0.5 Operating expenses excluding D&A (163.2) (11.2) (174.4) (157.8) (15.5) (173.3) Salaries and employee benefits (90.0) (5.4) (95.4) (85.6) (7.8) (93.3) Other operational expenses  of which (73.2) (5.8) (79.0) (72.2) (7.8) (80.0) System & communication (25.7) (0.1) (25.8) (23.1) (2.0) (25.1) Professional services (15.5) (4.8) (20.3) (12.8) (4.7) (17.5) Clearing expense (0.4) - (0.4) (8.8) - (8.8) Accommodation (4.1) (0.1) (4.2) (6.0) (0.2) (6.2) Other operational expenses (27.6) (0.8) (28.4) (21.5) (0.9) (22.3) EBITDA 252.6 (11.2) 241.4 216.3 (15.5) 200.8 EBITDA margin 60.7% 58.1% 57.8% 53.7% Depreciation & amortisation (21.5) (28.1) (49.6) (20.0) (25.6) (45.6) Total expenses (184.7) (39.3) (224.0) (177.8) (41.1) (218.9) Operating profit 231.1 (39.3) 191.8 196.3 (41.1) 155.2 Net financing income / (expense) 6.5 - 6.5 4.7 - 4.7 Results from equity investment 10.1 - 10.1 5.6 11.4 17.0 Profit before income tax 247.7 (39.3) 208.4 206.6 (29.7) 176.9 Income tax expense (66.0) 10.5 (55.5) (51.0) 11.1 (40.0) Non-controlling interests (9.3) 1.1 (8.2) (7.4) 1.1 (6.4) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 172.3 (27.7) 144.6 148.2 (17.6) 130.6 EPS (basic  in €) 1.66 1.40 1.42 1.25 EPS (diluted  in €) 1.66 1.39 1.41 1.24FY 2024 FY 2023 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 1 626.9 - 1 626.9 1 474.7 - 1 474.7 Listing 231.9 - 231.9 220.6 - 220.6 Trading revenue  of which 559.4 - 559.4 490.0 - 490.0 Cash trading 284.0 - 284.0 265.4 - 265.4 Derivatives trading 53.1 - 53.1 54.2 - 54.2 Fixed income trading 145.5 - 145.5 107.4 - 107.4 FX trading 31.7 - 31.7 25.6 - 25.6 Power trading 45.1 - 45.1 37.4 - 37.4 Investor services 14.1 - 14.1 11.4 - 11.4 Advanced data services 241.7 - 241.7 224.8 - 224.8 Post Trade  of which 414.7 - 414.7 370.2 - 370.2 Clearing 144.3 - 144.3 121.3 - 121.3 Custody & Settlement and other 270.5 - 270.5 248.9 - 248.9 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 106.2 - 106.2 109.9 - 109.9 Net Financing Income through CCP business 56.8 - 56.8 46.7 - 46.7 Other income 2.0 - 2.0 1.4 - 1.4 Transitional revenues - - - (0.2) - (0.2) Operating expenses excluding D&A 620.5 30.9 651.3 (610.0) (78.3) (688.3) Salaries and employee benefits (330.2) (11.5) (341.6) (319.5) (12.9) (332.4) Other operational expenses  of which (290.3) (19.4) (309.7) (290.6) (65.4) (355.9) System & communication (99.2) (3.1) (102.3) (94.9) (7.8) (102.6) Professional services (57.7) (12.8) (70.6) (58.3) (18.2) (76.5) Clearing expense (23.2) (1.1) (24.3) (34.5) - (34.5) Accommodation (16.0) (0.9) (16.9) (17.9) (0.8) (18.7) Other operational expenses (94.1) (1.4) (95.5) (85.0) (38.6) (123.6) EBITDA 1 006.4 (30.9) 975.6 864.7 (78.3) 786.4 EBITDA margin 61.9% 60.0% 58.6% 53.3% Depreciation & amortisation (83.5) (105.2) (188.7) (74.2) (95.9) (170.1) Total expenses (704.0) (136.1) (840.1) (684.3) (174.2) (858.5) Operating profit 922.9 (136.1) 786.8 790.4 (174.2) 616.2 Net financing income / (expense) 17.5 - 17.5 0.1 (0.2) (0.2) Results from equity investment 33.5 1.2 34.7 30.0 53.0 83.1 Profit before income tax 973.9 (134.9) 839.1 820.5 (121.4) 699.1 Income tax expense (253.8) 35.5 (218.4) (208.9) 46.2 (162.7) Non-controlling interests (37.6) 2.5 (35.1) (26.9) 4.1 (22.8) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 682.5 (96.9) 585.6 584.7 (71.1) 513.6 EPS (basic  in €) 6.59 5.65 5.51 4.84 EPS (diluted  in €) 6.56 5.63 5.50 4.83Consolidated comprehensive income statementQ4 2024 Q4 2023 Profit for the period 152.9 136.9 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 8.7 (2.0) – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (1.5) 0.5 – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income - 0.5 – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income - (0.2) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 85.0 - – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (0.7) - -Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (1.0) (4.2) – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 0.1 0.5 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 90.6 (4.8) Total comprehensive income for the period 243.5 132.1 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 235.9 125.6 – Non-controlling interests 7.6 6.5FY 2024 FY 2023 Profit for the period 620.7 536.4 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (27.9) (57.8) – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 2.0 6.3 – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 0.7 7.1 – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (0.2) (2.0) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 91.5 11.9 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (2.1) (3.1) – Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 0.6 (1.4) – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (0.1) 0.2 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 64.6 (38.9) Total comprehensive income for the period 685.3 497.5 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 651.8 475.7 – Non-controlling interests 33.5 21.8Consolidated balance sheetin € million 31 December 2024 31 December 2023 Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 106.2 114.4 Right-of-use assets 57.5 55.7 Goodwill and other intangible assets 6 096.2 6 108.2 Deferred income tax assets 30.4 31.3 Investments in associates and joint ventures 0.8 1.3 Financial assets at fair value through OCI 357.0 262.7 Other non-current assets 3.5 4.5 Total non-current assets 6 651.6 6 578.0 Current assets Trade and other receivables 412.9 333.6 Income tax receivable 11.4 15.512F12 CCP clearing business assets 200 575.5 183 715.2 Other current financial assets 63.8 103.1 Cash & cash equivalents 1 673.5 1 448.8 Total current assets 202 737.0 105 616.2 Total assets 209 388.6 192 194.2 Equity Shareholders' equity 4 245.2 3 945.7 Non-controlling interests 156.8 139.7 Total Equity 4 402.0 4 085.3 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 2 537.0 3 031.6 Lease liabilities 46.2 37.3 Other non-current financial liabilities 3.5 - Deferred income tax liabilities 496.8 531.9 Post-employment benefits 21.0 22.7 Contract liabilities 56.4 60.0 Other provisions 7.2 7.3 Total Non-current liabilities 3 168.2 3 690.8 Current liabilities Borrowings 516.5 17.3 Lease liabilities 15.8 22.2 Derivative financial instruments 0.1 - CCP clearing business liabilities 200 644.7 183 832.2 Income tax payable 91.1 46.1 Trade and other payables 464.3 415.8 Contract liabilities 80.1 79.3 Other provisions 5.9 5.2 Total Current liabilities 201 818.4 184 418.0 Total equity and liabilities 209 388.6 192 194.2The Group adjusted the comparative period figures downwards by €43.1 million for both income tax receivables and income tax payables  to adjust for the netting of taxes in the Italian fiscal sub-group.Consolidated statement of cash flowsin € million FY 2024 FY 2023 Profit before tax 839.1 699.1 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 188.7 170.1 - Share based payments 15.6 14.4 - Results from equity investments (33.3) (23.5) - Gain on sale of associate (1.2) (53.0) - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (0.2) (6.5) - Changes in working capital (89.5) 155.5 Cash flow from operating activities 919.2 956.1 Income tax paid (210.6) (130.0) Net cash flows from operating activities 708.6 826.1 Cash flow from investing activities Business combinations  net of cash acquired (65.2) - Proceeds from sale of subsidiary - (0.2) Purchase of financial assets at FVOCI (2.8) (1.3) Proceeds from sale of associate 0.9 122.4 Proceeds from disposal of equity investment at FVOCI - 0.2 Purchase of current financial assets (27.7) (72.3) Redemption of current financial assets 65.9 155.5 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (18.0) (27.7) Purchase of intangible assets (69.3) (75.3) Interest received 45.7 25.3 Dividends received from equity investments 33.3 23.5 Dividends received from associates 0.1 7.8 Net cash flow from investing activities (37.1) 157.9 Cash flow from financing activities Interest paid (29.4) (28.7) Payment of lease liabilities (20.8) (28.4) Transactions in own shares (106.7) (219.1) Transactions with non-controlling interests (0.1) (2.5) Withholding tax paid at vesting of shares (1.6) (1.0) Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders (257.3) (237.2) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (25.8) (5.3) Net cash flow from financing activities (441.7) (522.2) Total cash flow over the period 229.9 461.8 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 1 448.8 1 001.1 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (5.2) (14.1) Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 673.5 1 448.8in € million Q4 2024 Q4 2023 Profit before tax 208.4 176.9 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 49.6 45.6 - Share based payments 5.2 3.9 - Results from equity investments (10.0) (5.6) - Gain on sale of associate - (11.4) - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (0.1) - - Changes in working capital (8.8) 44.1 Cash flow from operating activities 244.3 253.5 Income tax paid (69.2) (59.1) Net cash flows from operating activities 175.0 194.5 Cash flow from investing activities Business combinations  net of cash acquired (18.3) - Purchase of financial assets at FVOCI (2.8) - Proceeds from sale of associate - 11.4 Purchase of current financial assets (2.3) (3.7) Redemption of current financial assets - 71.4 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (7.4) (12.0) Purchase of intangible assets (23.4) (17.5) Interest received 13.7 12.0 Dividends received from equity investments 10.0 5.6 Net cash flow from investing activities (30.5) 67.2 Cash flow from financing activities Interest paid (0.5) - Payment of lease liabilities (5.9) (7.2) Acquisitions of own shares (95.2) (138.0) Transactions with non-controlling interests (0.1) (2.5) Withholding tax paid at vesting of shares 0.2 - Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (3.0) (1.4) Net cash flow from financing activities (104.5) (149.0) Total cash flow over the period 40.0 112.6 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 1 630.3 1 336.5 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents 3.1 (0.2) Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 673.5 1 448.8Volumes for the fourth quarter and full year of 2024Cash marketsQ4 2024 Q4 2023 %var Number of trading days 64 63 Number of transactions (buy and sells  incl. reported trades) Total Cash Market 153 172 698 145 907 592 +5.0% ADV Cash Market 2 393 323 2 315 994 +3.3% Transaction value (€ million  single counted) Total Cash Market 674 892 602 148 +12.1% ADV Cash Market 10 545 9 558 +10.3% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 812 1 888 -4.0% SMEs 1 433 1 493 -4.0% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 319 2 434 -4.7% ETFs 4 018 3 821 +5.2% Bonds 55 804 55 098 +1.3% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  (€ million) Number of new equity listings 16 13 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl. over-allotment) 163.9 247.2 -33.7% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 2 556 6 667 -61.7% Money Raised - Bonds 244 356 290 524 -15.9% Total Money Raised 247 076 297 438 -16.9% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 14 12 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl. over- allotment) 163.9 247.2 -33.7% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 1 655 4 474 -63.0% Money Raised - Bonds 2 779 1 671 +66.3% Total Money Raised 4 598 6 393 -28.1%FY 2024 FY 2023 %var Number of trading days 256 255 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 603 696 978 625 895 768 -3.5% ADV Cash Market 2 358 191 2 454 493 -3.9% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 2 663 692 2 563 560 +3.9% ADV Cash Market 10 405 10 053 +3.5% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 53 64 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl. over-allotment) 3 839.5 2 480.8 +54.8% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 15 782 20 177 -21.8% Money Raised - Bonds 1 190 154 1 156 035 +3.0% Total Money Raised 1 209 776 1 178 693 +2.6% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 47 59 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl. over-allotment) 872 1 275 -31.7% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 9 071 9 176 -1.1% Money Raised - Bonds 4 384 3 160 +38.7% Total Money Raised 14 326 13 612 +5.2%Fixed income marketsQ4 2024 Q4 2023 %var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 39 381 27 741 +42.0% TAADV MTS Repo 516 173 469 134 +10.0% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 1 656 1 504 +10.1%FY 2024 FY 2023 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 37 021 23 026 +60.8% TAADV MTS Repo 483 247 436 039 +10.8% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 1 612 1 266 +27.4%FX marketsQ4 2024 Q4 2023 % var Number of trading days 64 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 1 720 896 1 532 340 +12.4% ADV Euronext FX 26 475 23 943 +10.6% FY 2024 FY 2023 % var Number of trading days 259 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 6 888 292 5 814 512 +18.5% ADV Euronext FX 26 493 22 450 +18.0%Power marketsQ4 2024 Q4 2023 % var Number of trading days 92 92 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.99 3.10 -3.4% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.32 0.25 +27.1% FY 2024 FY 2023 % var Number of trading days 365 365 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.74 2.74 +0.3% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.31 0.20 +55.0%Derivatives marketsQ4 2024 Q4 2023 % var Number of trading days 64 63 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 29 690 908 31 923 088 -7.0% Index 11 183 641 13 517 515 -17.3% Futures 6 723 915 7 914 354 -15.0% Options 4 459 726 5 603 161 -20.4% Individual Equity 18 507 267 18 405 573 +0.6% Futures 1 485 833 498 969 +197.8% Options 17 021 434 17 906 604 -4.9% Commodity 7 464 607 5 807 238 +28.5% Futures 7 133 617 5 478 945 +30.2% Options 330 990 328 293 +0.8% Total Euronext 37 155 515 37 730 326 -1.5% Total Futures 15 343 365 13 892 268 +10.4% Total Options 21 812 150 23 838 058 -8.5% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 463 920 506 716 -8.4% Index 174 744 214 564 -18.6% Futures 105 061 125 625 -16.4% Options 69 683 88 939 -21.7% Individual Equity 289 176 292 152 -1.0% Futures 23 216 7 920 +193.1% Options 265 960 284 232 -6.4% Commodity 116 634 92 178 +26.5% Futures 111 463 86 967 +28.2% Options 5 172 5 211 -0.8% Total Euronext 580 555 598 894 -3.1% Total Futures 239 740 220 512 +8.9% Total Options 340 815 378 382 -5.0% FY 2024 FY 2023 % var Number of trading days 256 255 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 128 897 410 134 733 803 -4.3% Index 50 472 727 55 863 644 -9.7% Futures 28 946 677 34 664 423 -16.5% Options 21 526 050 21 199 221 +1.5% Individual Equity 78 424 683 78 870 159 -0.6% Futures 6 237 384 1 955 140 +219.0% Options 72 187 299 76 915 019 -6.1% Commodity 29 779 883 23 173 370 +28.5% Futures 27 953 600 21 113 163 +32.4% Options 1 826 283 2 060 207 -11.4% Total Euronext 158 677 293 157 907 173 +0.5% Total Futures 63 137 661 57 732 726 +9.4% Total Options 95 539 632 100 174 447 -4.6% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 503 506 528 368 -4.7% Index 197 159 219 073 -10.0% Futures 113 073 135 939 -16.8% Options 84 086 83 134 +1.1% Individual Equity 306 346 309 295 -1.0% Futures 24 365 7 667 +217.8% Options 281 982 301 628 -6.5% Commodity 116 328 90 876 +28.0% Futures 109 194 82 797 +31.9% Options 7 134 8 079 -11.7% Total Euronext 619 833 619 244 +0.1% Total Futures 246 631 226 403 +8.9% Total Options 373 202 392 841 -5.0%Derivatives open interest31 December 2024 31 December 2023 % var Open interest (in lots) Equity 18 723 119 18 567 344 +0.8% Index 869 625 1 000 267 -13.1% Futures 410 598 517 679 -20.7% Options 459 027 482 588 -4.9% Individual Equity 17 853 494 17 567 077 +1.6% Futures 251 452 153 607 +63.7% Options 17 602 042 17 413 470 +1.1% Commodity 979 545 876 380 +11.8% Futures 787 929 656 667 +20.0% Options 191 616 219 713 -12.8% Total Euronext 19 702 664 19 443 724 +1.3% Total Futures 1 449 979 1 327 953 +9.2% Total Options 18 252 685 18 115 771 +0.8%1 Definition in Appendix – adjusted for non-underlying operating expenses excluding D&A and non-underlying revenue and income.2 Norwegian Krone3 Full year 2024 reported and adjusted EBITDA4 Like-for-like basis at constant currency5 The weighted number of shares used over 2024 was 103 578 980 for the basic calculation and 103 983 870 for the diluted calculation  compared to 106 051 799 and 106 376 338 respectively over 2023.6 Euronext is currently performing a €300 million share repurchase programme. The repurchased shares will be cancelled  subject to shareholders’ approval at the upcoming annual general meeting on 15 May 2025. The repurchased shares will be excluded from the payment of the dividend.7 Subject to receipt of applicable regulatory approvals8 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release.9 According to data from Dealogic10 Euronext Clearing was expanded to Euronext legacy markets commodity derivatives on 15 July 2024 and Euronext legacy markets financial derivatives on 9 September 2024.11 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release.12 Income tax receivables and payables were restated by -€43.1m for Italian tax nettingAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['full year 2024 results', 'Euronext', 'Q4', 'leading European capital market infrastructure', 'Borsa Italiana legacy services', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', 'dynamic fixed income activity', 'fixed income trading data', 'leading European position', '€41.6 million capital gain', 'dynamic settlement activity', 'dynamic retail usage', 'strategic capital allocation', '14,700 new bond listings', 'positive one-off items', 'negative comparison base', 'S&P rating', 'parent company shareholders', '2025 Annual General Meeting', 'power trading data', '53 new equity listings', 'diversified revenue profile', 'Non-volume related revenue', 'cash trading revenue', 'A-, Stable Outlook', 'resilient listing revenue', 'Net treasury income', '2024 reported net income', 'double-digit revenue growth', 'continued strong performance', 'underlying operating expenses', 'Full year 2024 revenue', 'full year 2024 results', 'record adjusted EPS', 'leading provider', 'European expansion', 'Settlement revenue', 'value-added services', 'underlying expenses', 'continued demand', 'record results', 'strategic growth', 'total revenue', 'Clearing revenue', 'l3F4 Revenue', 'strong growth', 'Net debt', 'debt listing', 'operational expenses', 'cost discipline', 'fourth quarter', 'D&A0F', 'higher assets', 'benchmark administrators', 'NOK1F 2 depreciation', 'corporate solutions', 'worldwide leadership', 'Technology Solutions', 'solid growth', 'commodities clearing', 'growth investments', 'LCH SA', 'target range', 'Key figures', 'D&A2', 'two periods4F', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'EBITDA margin', 'EBITDA growth', 'acquisition impacts', 'Euronext revenue', '2024 financial targets', 'Dividend proposal', 'dividend policy', 'revised guidance', 'share count', 'Euronext Clearing', '2F Euronext', '2024 targets', 'Q4', 'achievement', 'innovation', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', '13 February', 'vs', 'Custody', 'GRSS', 'headwinds', 'termination', 'March', 'migration', 'Optiq®', 'FX', 'synergies', 'disposal', '11.1% stake', 'December', '4.7% CAGR', '+6.4% CAGR', '15 May', 'increase', '20235F']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,globenewswire.com
48858,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/13/3025575/0/en/Lassila-Tikanoja-plc-Financial-Statements-Release-1-January-31-December-2024.html,Lassila & Tikanoja plc: Financial Statements Release 1 January–31 December 2024,Lassila & Tikanoja plc Stock exchange release 13 February 2025 at 8:00 a.m  Lassila & Tikanoja plc: Financial Statements Release 1 January–31......,Lassila & Tikanoja plcStock exchange release13 February 2025 at 8:00 a.mLassila & Tikanoja plc: Financial Statements Release 1 January–31 December 2024ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT INCREASED – ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES  INDUSTRIAL SERVICES AND FACILITY SERVICES FINLAND IMPROVED THEIR PROFITABILITYUnless otherwise mentioned  the figures in brackets refer to the corresponding period in the previous year.Net sales for the final quarter were EUR 194.2 million (200.9). Net sales decreased by 3.4%. Adjusted operating profit was EUR 10.5 million (6.9) and operating profit was EUR -18.4 million (6.4). Earnings per share were EUR -0.56 (0.13).The operating profit for the final quarter was burdened by write-downs and provisions totalling approximately EUR 27.5 million related to the Facility Services business in Sweden. The entries have no impact on cash flow  and they are reported as items affecting comparability.Net sales for year 2024 totalled EUR 770.7 million (802.1). Net sales decreased by 3.9%. Adjusted operating profit was EUR 43.2 million (37.9) and operating profit was EUR 9.8 million (37.3). Earnings per share were EUR -0.05 (0.77).Net cash flow from operating activities after investments for year 2024 was EUR 40.8 million (50.9) and net cash flow from operating activities after investments per share was EUR 1.07 (1.33). In the first quarter of the year  net cash flow from operating activities was lower compared to the comparison period. In the following quarters  net cash flow from operating activities after investments strengthened clearly compared to the comparison period.The Board of Directors of Lassila & Tikanoja plc has decided to initiate the planning of the possible separation of its circular economy businesses Environmental and Industrial Services and facility services businesses into two independent listed companies. The plan is to separate the circular economy businesses into a newly listed company through a partial demerger of Lassila & Tikanoja plc.The company has decided to launch an efficiency programme aiming for improved performance at the beginning of 2025  encompassing both the circular economy and facility services businesses. The efficiency programme aims for an annual performance improvement of at least EUR 8 million by the end of 2026 compared to the 2023 level  including the impact on the annual cost level of having two separate listed companies.The Board of Directors proposes a dividend of EUR 0.50 per share  which corresponds to approximately 46.8 % of the net cash flow from operating activities after investments for year 2024.Outlook for the year 2025Net sales in 2025 are estimated to be at the same level as in the previous year  and adjusted operating profit is estimated to be at the same level or better compared to the previous year.PRESIDENT AND CEO EERO HAUTANIEMI:“Net sales for year 2024 totalled EUR 770.7 million (802.1). Adjusted operating profit was EUR 43.2 million (37.9). Environmental Services  Industrial Services and Facility Services Finland improved both their relative and absolute profitability despite the challenging business cycle. The company’s balance sheet and financial position remained strong.In circular economy businesses  solid performance continued in 2024. Both Environmental Services and Industrial Services improved their profitability  and net sales of the divisions in total grew compared to the previous year. In Environmental Services  net sales were on par with the comparison period. In Industrial Services  net sales increased by 2.9 per cent from the previous year.In Environmental Services  the challenging business environment was reflected in the demand for recycling and waste management services throughout the financial period. Especially in the construction industry customer segment  the demand decreased compared to the comparison period. In addition  the municipalisation of collection of packaging material waste from housing properties continued in 2024. Through the efficiency improvement measures implemented in the first half of the year  the costs of service production were successfully adapted to the current market situation. The division's market position remained solid in corporate and producer responsibility organisation customers and the position in the municipal contracts strengthened.In Industrial Services  the hazardous waste business line saw strong demand throughout the year. In the process cleaning business  the annual maintenance breaks were carried out as planned and resourcing was successful. In the environmental construction business  the weak economic situation in the Finnish construction market was reflected in a decrease in the volumes of material flows delivered to material treatment centres. In Sweden  Industrial Services expanded to the Gävleborg region through an acquisition.In facility services businesses  the year 2024 was twofold. In Finland  the net sales of facility services decreased as planned due to the termination of unprofitable customer agreements  and the operating profit more than doubled compared to the previous year. In Sweden  the adjusted operating loss of facility services increased as net sales decreased by 16.0 per cent from the comparison period.In Facility Services Finland  all business lines achieved a better result than in the comparison period. Performance of the cleaning business was particularly strong. Measures to streamline the cost structure and the efficiency of the operations continued. The number of employees in the division has decreased by more than 450 people compared to the comparison period.In Facility Services Sweden  the decline in net sales and the increase in the adjusted operating loss were impacted by the discontinuation of a significant customer relationship in late 2023 as well as two public-sector customer agreements turning unprofitable during 2024. The measures to simplify operating models and adjust the cost level continued throughout 2024. The number of employees in the division decreased by 155 people from the comparison period. The turnaround in Facility Services Sweden progressed more slowly than expected  but the new customer accounts won towards the end of the year as well as the additional measures initiated to improve profitability create conditions for achieving a turnaround during 2025.In December 2024  the company initiated the planning of the possible separation of its circular economy businesses Environmental and Industrial Services and facility services businesses into two independent listed companies. The plan is to separate the circular economy businesses into a newly listed company through a partial demerger of Lassila & Tikanoja plc. It is expected that the separation of the circular economy and facility services businesses could increase shareholder value by enabling both businesses to pursue their own strategies and growth opportunities more effectively.Lassila & Tikanoja renewed its operating model in 2024. Continuing the operating model work  the company launched an efficiency programme aiming for improved performance at the beginning of 2025  encompassing both the circular economy and facility services businesses. The efficiency programme aims for an annual performance improvement of at least EUR 8 million by the end of 2026 compared to the 2023 level  including the impact on the annual cost level of having two separate listed companies. The efficiency programme focuses on  among other things  simplifying procedures and improving the efficiency of direct and indirect procurement and fleet usage.”GROUP NET SALES AND FINANCIAL PERFORMANCEOctober–DecemberNet sales for the last quarter totalled EUR 194.2 million (200.9)  representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.4%. The organic decrease in net sales was 3.7%. Adjusted operating profit was EUR 10.5 million (6.9)  representing 5.4% (3.4) of net sales. Operating profit was EUR -18.4 million (6.4)  representing -9.5% (3.2) of net sales. Operating profit included items affecting comparability totalling EUR 28.9 million  consisting mainly of impairment of goodwill allocated to Facility Services Sweden  provisions relating to Facility Services Sweden’s onerous contracts and disputes as well as expenses arising from the restructuring of business operations. Earnings per share were EUR -0.56 (0.13).Net sales increased in Environmental Services and decreased in the other divisions. Operating profit improved in Environmental Services  Industrial Services and Facility Services Finland and declined in Facility Services Sweden.The result for the fourth quarter was negatively affected by net financial expenses rising to EUR -2.4 million (-2.1). The share of the profit of the joint venture Laania Oy amounted to EUR 0.9 million (1.1) in the last quarter of the year.Year 2024Net sales for 2024 totalled EUR 770.7 million (802.1)  representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.9%. The organic decrease in net sales was 4.2%. Adjusted operating profit was EUR 43.2 million (37.9)  representing 5.6% (4.7) of net sales. Operating profit was EUR 9.8 million (37.3)  representing 1.3% (4.6) of net sales. Operating profit included items affecting comparability totalling EUR 33.4 million  consisting mainly of impairment of goodwill allocated to Facility Services Sweden  provisions relating to Facility Services Sweden’s onerous contracts and disputes as well as expenses arising from the restructuring of business operations. Earnings per share were EUR -0.05 (0.77).Net sales increased in Industrial Services  were on par with the comparison period in Environmental services and decreased in Facility Services Finland and Sweden. Operating profit improved in Environmental Services  Industrial Services and Facility Services Finland and operating loss increased in Facility Services Sweden.The result for the financial year was negatively affected by net financial expenses rising to EUR -8.6 million (-6.3). The result for the comparison period was positively affected by the fair value of EUR 1.3 million of an interest rate swap being recognised in financial items due to the termination of the interest rate swap. The result for the period was positively affected by L&T’s EUR 3.2 million (3.6) share of the profit of the joint venture Laania Oy.Financial summary10–12/2024 10–12/2023restated1 Change % 1–12/2024 1–12/2023 restated1 Change % Net sales  EUR million 194.2 200.9 -3.4 770.7 802.1 -3.9 Adjusted operating profit  EUR million 10.5 6.9 52.9 43.2 37.9 14.1 Adjusted operating margin  % 5.4 3.4 5.6 4.7 Operating profit  EUR million -18.4 6.4 9.8 37.3 -73.6 Operating margin  % -9.5 3.2 1.3 4.6 EBITDA  EUR million 19.1 20.5 -6.7 89.0 95.8 -7.1 EBITDA  % 9.9 10.2 11.5 11.9 Earnings per share  EUR -0.56 0.13 -0.05 0.77 Net cash flow from operating activitiesafter investments per share  EUR 0.75 0.60 25.4 1.07 1.33 -19.8 Return on equity (ROE)  % -0.8 12.9 Capital employed  EUR million 396.1 425.0 -6.8 Return on capital employed (ROCE)  % 3.3 10.1 Equity ratio  % 35.4 36.7 Gearing  % 73.2 69.51 The figures for year 2023 have been restated due to an error related to the previous period. All figures for year 2023 in this Financial Statements Release affected by the error have been restated. For more information on the correction please see note 12. Correction of an error in calculating depreciation.NET SALES AND OPERATING PROFIT BY DIVISIONEnvironmental ServicesOctober–DecemberThe Environmental Services division’s net sales for the final quarter were EUR 69.9 million (68.9). Adjusted operating profit was EUR 5.4 million (3.3). Operating profit was EUR 5.1 million (3.3).Year 2024The Environmental Services division’s net sales for 2024 totalled EUR 281.5 million (283.7). Adjusted operating profit was EUR 26.6 million (25.9). Operating profit was EUR 26.2 million (25.9).In the Environmental Services division  the profitability improved in 2024  despite the challenging business environment affecting the demand for recycling and waste management services throughout the financial year. Especially in the construction industry customer segment  the demand decreased compared to the comparison period. In addition  the municipalisation of collection of packaging material waste from housing properties continued in 2024. Through the efficiency improvement measures implemented in the first half of the year  the costs of service production were successfully adapted to the current market situation. The division's market position remained solid in corporate and producer responsibility organisation customers. The position in the municipal contracts strengthened.On 16 October 2024  the company announced that it had signed an agreement to acquire Stena Recycling Oy’s pallet business. The net sales of Stena Recycling Oy’s pallet business amounted to approximately EUR 10.5 million in 2023. The business includes the plant areas in Klaukkala and Lieto  and it employs approximately 13 people. The transaction is subject to the approval of the competition and consumer authority.There has been a significant systems renewal project under way in Environmental Services  which also includes the deployment of a new ERP system. The implementation phase of the project began in the second half of 2024  during which the first pilot units transitioned to production. The total investment in the system projects by the end of 2024 was approximately EUR 19.1 million. L&T estimates to commence amortisation of the system renewal investment during the second quarter of 2025.Industrial ServicesOctober–DecemberThe Industrial Services division’s net sales for the final quarter were EUR 36.3 million (37.9). Adjusted operating profit was EUR 4.5 million (3.8). Operating profit was EUR 3.7 million (3.6). Operating profit was reduced by a change of EUR 0.6 (0.2) million in the fair value of the deferred consideration related to the acquisition of Sand & Vattenbläst i Tyringe AB (“SVB”). The change in the fair value is due to the expected improvement of SVB’s EBITDA level in 2025.Year 2024The Industrial Services division’s net sales for 2024 increased to EUR 145.1 million (141.0). Adjusted operating profit was EUR 16.2 million (14.0). Operating profit was EUR 15.1 million (13.8). Operating profit was reduced by a change of EUR 1.0 (0.2) million in the fair value of the deferred consideration related to the acquisition of Sand & Vattenbläst i Tyringe AB (“SVB”). The change in the fair value is due to the expected improvement of SVB’s EBITDA level in 2025.In Industrial Services  profitable growth continued. The hazardous waste business line saw strong demand. In the process cleaning business  the annual maintenance breaks were carried out as planned and resourcing was successful. In the environmental construction business  the weak economic situation in the Finnish construction market was reflected in a decrease in the volumes of material flows delivered to material treatment centres.The process cleaning business of the Industrial Services division was expanded in Sweden to the Gävleborg region through an acquisition that was completed on 1 February 2024. L&T acquired the entire share capital of PF Industriservice AB  which provides process cleaning services.PF Industriservice had net sales of approximately EUR 2.5 million in the financial year preceding the transaction  and it has approximately seven employees. PF Industriservice offers various process cleaning services to customers in the forest industry  energy sector and construction industry. Following the acquisition  the Industrial Services division has approximately 100 employees in Sweden  and process cleaning services are offered to industrial customers in southern and central Sweden.Facility Services FinlandOctober–DecemberThe Facility Services Finland division’s net sales for the final quarter totalled EUR 58.8 million (61.4). Adjusted operating profit was EUR 2.8 million (1.1). Operating profit was EUR 2.6 million (1.1).Year 2024The net sales of Facility Services Finland totalled EUR 238.0 million (250.0) in 2024. Adjusted operating profit was EUR 9.6 million (4.4). Operating profit was EUR 9.4 million (4.4).In Facility Services Finland  all business lines achieved a better result than in the comparison period. There was strong demand for data-driven cleaning services and AI-assisted energy efficiency services in the division. Measures to streamline the cost structure and efficiency of the operations continued and the division's operating profit improved clearly. The number of employees in the division has decreased by more than 450 people compared to the comparison period.Facility Services SwedenOctober–DecemberThe net sales of Facility Services Sweden decreased to EUR 31.0 million (34.5). Adjusted operating profit was EUR -1.5 million (-0.9). Operating profit was EUR -29.0 million (-0.9). Operating profit included items affecting comparability totalling EUR 27.5 million  consisting of impairment of goodwill  provisions relating to onerous contracts and disputes as well as expenses arising from the restructuring of business operations. Operating profit before the amortisation of purchase price allocations of acquisitions was EUR -28.7 million (-0.6).Year 2024The net sales of Facility Services Sweden division decreased to EUR 111.9 million (133.2) in 2024. Adjusted operating profit was EUR -7.5 million (-3.7). Operating profit was EUR -35.1 million (-3.7). Operating profit included items affecting comparability totalling EUR 27.5 million  consisting of impairment of goodwill  provisions relating to onerous contracts and disputes as well as expenses arising from the restructuring of business operations. Operating profit before the amortisation of purchase price allocations of acquisitions was EUR -33.8 million (-2.5).The impairment of goodwill is due to weaker than anticipated development of net sales and operating profit in the Swedish facility services business. The provisions concerning onerous contracts relate to two public-sector customer agreements. According to the company’s estimate  the future expenses of these agreements will exceed their expected revenue.The decline in net sales and weakening of profitability in Facility Services Sweden were impacted by the discontinuation of a significant customer relationship in late 2023 as well as two public-sector customer agreements turning unprofitable during 2024. The measures to simplify operating models and adjust the cost level continued throughout 2024. The number of employees in the division decreased by 155 people from the comparison period. The turnaround in Facility Services Sweden progressed more slowly than expected  but the new customer accounts won towards the end of the year as well as the additional measures initiated to improve profitability create conditions for achieving a turnaround during 2025.FINANCINGNet cash flow from operating activities in 2024 totalled EUR 81.4 million (93.6). Net cash flow from operating activities after investments totalled EUR 40.8 million (50.9). Net cash flow from operating activities after investments for the financial year was reduced by acquisitions  which had a total impact of approximately EUR 1.5 million. In 2024  a total of EUR 3.2 million in working capital was released (5.1 released). Net cash flow from operating activities for the comparison period was positively impacted by significant tax refunds as well as fair value of an interest rate swap being recognised in financial items due to the termination of the interest rate swap.At the end of the financial year  interest-bearing liabilities amounted to EUR 186.8 million (193.7). Net interest-bearing liabilities totalled EUR 153.0 million (160.9). The average interest rate on long-term loans  excluding lease liabilities  with interest rate hedging  was 3.8% (4.0%). The company had no interest rate swaps at the end of the financial year.The EUR 100.0 million commercial paper programme was unused at the end of the financial year  as was the case in the comparison period. The account limit totalling EUR 10.0 million and the committed credit limit totalling EUR 40.0 million were not in use  as was the case in the comparison period.Net financial expenses totalled EUR -8.6 million (-6.3). Net financial expenses for the comparison period were affected positively by the fair value of EUR 1.3 million of an interest rate swap being recognised in financial items due to the termination of the interest rate swap. The effect of exchange rate changes on net financial expenses was -0.0 million (-0.0). Net financial expenses were 1.1% (0.8) of net sales.The equity ratio was 35.4% (36.7) and the gearing ratio was 73.2% (69.5). The Group’s total equity amounted to EUR 209.2 million (231.3). Translation differences caused by changes in the exchange rate of the Swedish krona affected equity by EUR -2.1 million. Cash and cash equivalents at the balance sheet date totalled EUR 33.9 million (32.9).DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTIONThe Annual General Meeting held on 21 March 2024 resolved that a dividend of EUR 0.49 per share  totalling EUR 18.7 million  be paid on the basis of the balance sheet that was adopted for the financial year 2023. The dividend was paid to shareholders on 3 April 2024.CAPITAL EXPENDITUREGross capital expenditure for the financial year totalled EUR 37.5 million (60.3). The capital expenditure consisted primarily of machine and equipment purchases  as well as investments in information systems. Acquisitions accounted for approximately EUR 2 million (0) of the gross capital expenditure.SUSTAINABILITYL&T’s key sustainability indicators  carbon footprint and Total Recordable Incident Frequency developed favourably. The reduction in carbon footprint can be attributed to efforts in driver training and the increased use of renewable fuels. In terms of occupational safety  the company has extensively trained personnel on proactive safety measures and everyday safety thinking. The company will publish its Sustainability Report for 2024 in week 10.Progress towards sustainability targetsIndicator 20242023 TargetTarget to be achieved by ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITY Carbon handprint (tCO 2 e)i.e. emissions prevented -438 000-457 000 growth faster than net sales Carbon footprint (tCO 2 e)Scope 1&227 20031 20024 4002030SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY Total recordable incident frequency1923152030Sickness-related absences (%)5.05.142030PERSONNELIn 2024  the average number of employees converted into full-time equivalents was 5 980 (6 743). At the end of the financial year  L&T had a total of 7 441 (8 159) full-time and part-time employees.Number of employees at the end of the review period 2024 2023 Group 7 441 8 159 Finland 6 313 6 891 Sweden 1 128 1 268 Environmental Services 1 511 1 576 Industrial Services 657 679 Facility Services Finland 4 140 4 603 Facility Services Sweden 1 032 1 187 Group administration and other 101 114SHARES AND SHARE CAPITALTraded volume and priceThe volume of trading in L&T’s shares in 2024 was 8.6 million shares  which represents 22.5% (14.8) of the average number of outstanding shares. The value of trading was EUR 75.8 million (57.1). The highest share price was EUR 10.36 and the lowest 7.71 EUR The closing price was EUR 7.87. At the end of the financial year  the market capitalisation excluding the shares held by the company was EUR 300.5 million (373.9).Own sharesAt the end of the period  the company held 609 941 of its own shares  representing 1.6% of all shares and votes.Share capital and number of sharesThe company’s registered share capital amounts to EUR 19 399 437 and the number of outstanding shares was 38 188 933 at the end of the financial year. The average number of shares excluding the shares held by the company was 38 163 886.Share-based incentive plansIn December 2022  the Board of Directors of Lassila & Tikanoja plc decided to establish two new long-term share-based incentive plans for the Group’s key employees. The aim of the new plans is to align the objectives of the company  shareholders and key employees in order to increase the value of the company in the long term  to retain the key employees at the company and to offer them competitive reward plans that are based on earning and accumulating the company’s shares as well as on appreciation of the share price. The Performance Share Plan 2023–2027 comprises three (3) three-year (3) performance periods covering the calendar years 2023–2025  2024–2026 and 2025–2027.During the performance period 2023–2025  the earning of rewards is based on the following performance criteria: return on capital employed (ROCE)  total shareholder return (TSR) and reduction of the carbon footprint (ESG). The target group of the Performance Share Plan during the performance period 2023–2025 consists of approximately 36 key employees  including the Group’s President and CEO and the Group Executive Board.During the performance period 2024–2026  the earning of rewards is based on the following performance criteria: return on capital employed (ROCE)  total shareholder return (TSR) and reduction of the carbon footprint (ESG). The target group of the Performance Share Plan during the performance period 2024–2026 consists of approximately 38 key employees  including the Group’s President and CEO and the Group Executive Board.During the performance period 2025–2027  the earning of rewards is based on the following performance criteria: return on capital employed (ROCE)  total shareholder return (TSR)  reduction of the carbon footprint (ESG) and revenue growth. The target group of the Performance Share Plan during the performance period 2025–2027 consists of approximately 50 key employees  including the Group’s President and CEO and the Group Executive Board.The transitional share-based incentive scheme 2023–2026 consists of two (2) earnings periods of one (1) year each  corresponding to the calendar years 2023 and 2024. The earnings period is followed by a two-year retention period. The aim of the scheme is to support the transition from the old share-based incentive scheme to the new share-based incentive scheme.The earning of rewards for the 2023 and 2024 earnings periods is based the return on capital employed (ROCE) and the reduction of the carbon footprint (ESG). The target group of the transitional share-based incentive scheme for the earnings periods 2023 and 2024 consists of approximately 10 key employees  including the Group’s President and CEO and the Group Executive Board. The rewards paid in February 2024 based on the performance period 2023 corresponded to the value of approximately 42.998 Lassila & Tikanoja plc shares  also including the portion paid in cash.ShareholdersAt the end of the financial year  the company had 24 522 (24 959) shareholders. Nominee-registered holdings accounted for 13.9% (10.2) of the total number of shares.Flagging notificationsOn 26 August 2024  Lassila & Tikanoja plc received a notification pursuant to chapter 9  section 5 of the Securities Markets Act  according to which Protector Forsikring ASA’s shareholding in Lassila & Tikanoja increased above the 5% limit on 23 August 2024.Authorisations for the Board of DirectorsThe Annual General Meeting held on 21 March 2024 authorised Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own shares using the company’s unrestricted equity. In addition  the Annual General Meeting authorised the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling their holders to shares.The Board of Directors is authorised to purchase a maximum of 2 000 000 company shares (5.2% of the total number of shares). The repurchase authorisation is effective for 18 months.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on the issuance of new shares or shares which may be held by the company through a share issue and/or issuance of option rights or other special rights conferring entitlement to shares  referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act  so that under the authorisation  a maximum of 2 000 000 shares (5.2% of the total number of shares) may be issued and/or conveyed. The authorisation is effective for 18 months.RESOLUTIONS BY THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe Annual General Meeting of Lassila & Tikanoja plc  which was held on 21 March 2024  adopted the financial statements and consolidated financial statements for the financial year 2023  discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability  and adopted the remuneration report and remuneration policy for the company’s governing bodies. The Annual General Meeting resolved on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividend  the composition and remuneration of the Board of Directors  the election and remuneration of the auditor  the adoption and remuneration of the sustainability auditor  and authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the company’s own shares and on a share issue and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.The Annual General Meeting resolved that a dividend of EUR 0.49 per share be paid on the basis of the balance sheet adopted for the financial year 2023. It was decided that the dividend be paid on 3 April 2024.The Annual General Meeting confirmed the number of members of the Board of Directors as seven (7) in accordance with the proposal of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board. Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Laura Lares  Sakari Lassila  Jukka Leinonen  Anni Ronkainen and Pasi Tolppanen were re-elected  and Juuso Maijala was elected as a new member to the Board until the end of the following Annual General Meeting. Jukka Leinonen was elected as the Chairman of the Board and Sakari Lassila was elected as the Vice Chairman.The Annual General Meeting elected PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy  Authorised Public Accountants  as the company’s auditor. PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has announced that it will name Samuli Perälä  Authorised Public Accountant  as the principal auditor. In addition  the company’s auditor was adopted also as the company’s sustainability auditor to audit the sustainability report for the financial year 2024.The resolutions of the Annual General Meeting were announced in more detail in a stock exchange release on 21 March 2024.BOARD OF DIRECTORSThe members of Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s Board of Directors are Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Laura Lares  Sakari Lassila  Jukka Leinonen  Juuso Maijala  Anni Ronkainen and Pasi Tolppanen. Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s Annual General Meeting held on 21 March 2024 elected Jukka Leinonen as the Chairman of the Board and Sakari Lassila as the Vice Chairman.In its constitutive meeting held after the Annual General Meeting  the Board of Directors elected the members of the Audit Committee and the Personnel and Sustainability Committee from amongst its members. Sakari Lassila (Chairman)  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Juuso Maijala and Anni Ronkainen were elected to the Audit Committee. Jukka Leinonen (Chairman)  Laura Lares and Pasi Tolppanen were elected to the Personnel and Sustainability Committee.The company announced the composition of Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s Nomination Board on 27 September 2024. Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s three largest shareholders  who are entitled to appoint a representative to Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s Shareholders’ Nomination Board are the Evald and Hilda Nissin Säätiö foundation  a group of shareholders (Chemec Oy  CH-Polymers Oy  Maijala Eeva  Maijala Eeva  Maijala Investment Oy  Maijala Juhani  Maijala Juuso  Maijala Miikka  Maijala Mikko  Maijala Roope and Maijala Tuula)  and Nordea Nordic Small cap Fund. These shareholders have appointed Juhani Lassila  Miikka Maijala and Tanja Eronen as their representatives in Lassila & Tikanoja’s Nomination Board. The Chairman of Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s Board of Directors  Jukka Leinonen  acts as the fourth member of the Nomination Board. The Chairman of the Nomination Board is Juhani Lassila.CHANGES IN THE GROUP EXECUTIVE BOARDOn 8 April 2024  Lassila & Tikanoja announced that Juha Saarinen  M.Sc.(Tech.) has been appointed as Chief Purchasing Officer and a member of the Group Executive Board effective from 1 August 2024. Saarinen joined L&T from Kamux plc  where he served as Chief Purchasing Officer.On 3 May 2024  the company announced that CFO Valtteri Palin had decided to pursue career opportunities outside L&T. On 6 May 2024  the company announced that Joni Sorsanen  M.Sc.(Econ.) had been appointed as Chief Financial Officer (CFO) and a member of the Group Executive Board of Lassila & Tikanoja. He took up his post on 10 July 2024. Sorsanen joined L&T from Consti plc  where he served as CFO.On 16 May 2024  the company announced that Petri Salermo  Senior Vice President  Environmental Services  and Sirpa Huopalainen  General Counsel  had decided to pursue career opportunities outside L&T. In addition  Mikko Taipale  Senior Vice President  Facility Services Sweden  would no longer be a member of the Group Executive Board after 16 May  but he would continue to be employed by the company. From 16 May 2024 onwards  Antti Tervo  Senior Vice President  Industrial Services  has also been responsible for the Environmental Services division  and Antti Niitynpää  Senior Vice President  Facility Services Finland  has also been responsible for Facility Services Sweden. Hilppa Rautpalo  Senior Vice President  Human Resources  has also been responsible for legal affairs from 16 May 2024 onwards.PARTIAL DEMERGER AND THE EFFICIENCY PROGRAMMEOn 13 December 2024  the company announced  that the Board of Directors of Lassila & Tikanoja plc has decided to initiate the planning of the possible separation of its circular economy businesses Environmental and Industrial Services and facility services businesses into two independent listed companies. The plan is to separate the circular economy businesses into a newly listed company through a partial demerger of Lassila & Tikanoja plc.According to the Board of Directors’ preliminary assessment  the separation of the circular economy and facility services businesses could increase shareholder value by enabling both businesses to pursue their own strategies and growth opportunities more effectively.The Board of Directors of Lassila & Tikanoja estimates that planning the possible partial demerger will take approximately 12 months. The planning will start immediately. The possible partial demerger and listing of the circular economy businesses requires the approval of the Extraordinary General Meeting of Lassila & Tikanoja plc.Lassila & Tikanoja renewed its operating model in 2024. Continuing the operating model work  the company will launch an efficiency programme aiming for improved performance at the beginning of 2025  encompassing both the circular economy and facility services businesses. The efficiency programme aims for an annual performance improvement of at least EUR 8 million by the end of 2026 compared to the 2023 level  including the impact on the annual cost level of having two separate listed companies.As of 1 January 2025  Lassila & Tikanoja will have three reportable segments: Circular Economy Business  consisting of current Environmental Services and Industrial Services divisions  Facility Services Finland  and Facility Services Sweden. The change in reporting structure will be reflected in Lassila & Tikanoja's financial reporting starting from Q1 2025. Adjusted comparison figures based on the new segment structure will be published before the first interim report for 2025.EVENTS AFTER THE REVIEW PERIODOn 10 January 2025  the company announced that Lassila & Tikanoja’s Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 27 March 2025 that the Board of Directors to have eight (8) members. The Nomination Board proposes that  of the current members  Teemu Kangas-Kärki  Sakari Lassila  Jukka Leinonen  Juuso Maijala  Anni Ronkainen and Pasi Tolppanen be re-elected to the Board of Directors  and that Tuija Kalpala and Anna-Maria Tuominen-Reini be elected as new members to the Board of Directors. In addition  the Nomination Board proposes that Jukka Leinonen be elected as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Sakari Lassila as Vice Chairman. Of the current members of the Board of Directors  Laura Lares has informed the Nomination Board that she is not available for re-election for the next term of the Board of Directors. The CV’s of Tuija Kalpala and Anna-Maria Tuominen-Reini are available on Lassila & Tikanoja’s website at www.lt.fi/en/company/management-and-board-of-directors/board-of-directors. The current members of the Board of Directors are presented on the same page.According to the currently valid Articles of Association  the management of the company and the proper arrangement of its operations are the responsibility of a Board of Directors comprising a minimum of three (3) and a maximum of seven (7) members appointed by the General Meeting of Shareholders. The Nomination Board’s proposal requires an amendment to Article 4 of the Articles of Association  which will be included in full in the notice of the Annual General Meeting. Of the company’s shareholders  the Evald and Hilda Nissi Foundation  Nordea Nordic Small Cap Fund Oy and the group of shareholders consisting of Chemec Oy  CH-Polymers Oy  Maijala Eeva  Maijala Investment Oy  Maijala Juhani  Maijala Juuso  Maijala Miikka  Maijala Mikko  Maijala Roope and Maijala Tuula  who are represented on the Nomination Board and collectively represent approximately 22.1% of all shares and votes in the company  have declared that they are in favour of the proposal.Lassila & Tikanoja received a notification from Nordea Funds Ltd on 31 January 2025  according to which its voting rights in Lassila & Tikanoja increased above 5 percent on 30 January 2025. Nordea Funds Ltd’s direct holding in Lassila & Tikanoja is 1 912 244.00 shares  which is 4.93% of Lassila & Tikanoja’s total shares and votes increased to 1 946 154.00  which is 5 02% of total voting rights.NEAR-TERM RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIESGeneral economic uncertainty may affect the level of economic activity among customers  which may reduce the demand for L&T’s services.Changes in costs  such as the price of fuel and energy and interest rates  may have an impact on the company’s financial performance.The Finnish Waste Act was amended in July 2021. Under the reforms to the Waste Act  municipalities take on a larger role in organising the collection of packaging materials and biowaste from housing properties. As a consequence of the reform  L&T’s direct customer agreements with housing properties on the separate collection of packaging waste and biowaste will be transferred to municipalities for competitive bidding gradually between 1 July 2022 and 1 July 2025. L&T estimates that  as a result of municipalisation  approximately EUR 30 million of the Finnish waste management market will be moved out of the scope of free competition between 2024 and 2026. L&T participates in the competitive tendering of municipal contracts and is a significant operator in municipal contracts. Nevertheless  L&T estimates that the overall impact of the change will be negative for the company.The company has several ERP system renewal projects under way. Temporary additional costs arising from system deployments and establishing the operating model may weigh down the company’s result.Production costs may be increased by regional challenges related to employee turnover and labour availability.The geopolitical situation involves continued uncertainty due to Russia’s war of aggression. The indirect impacts on overall economic activity in Finland and Sweden may have a negative impact on net sales and profit.The Group company Lassila & Tikanoja FM AB is a claimant and a defendant in legal proceedings in Sweden concerning unpaid receivables invoiced from a former customer of L&T. In June 2022  Lassila & Tikanoja FM AB took legal action in the District Court of Solna against the former customer company of L&T  demanding payment for unpaid receivables. At the end of the review period  the amount of receivables on the company’s balance sheet was approximately EUR 0.6 million. The former L&T customer company in question has rejected Lassila & Tikanoja FM AB’s claims and the payment obligation  and brought a counterclaim demanding compensation totalling approximately SEK 144 million from Lassila & Tikanoja FM AB. The dispute is still pending. Lassila & Tikanoja considers the counterclaim to be without merit and has not recognised any provisions in relation to it.More detailed information on Lassila & Tikanoja’s risks and risk management is provided in the 2023 Annual Review and in the Report by the Board of Directors and the consolidated financial statements.PROPOSAL FOR THE DISTRIBUTION OF PROFITAccording to the financial statements  Lassila & Tikanoja plc’s unrestricted equity amounts to EUR 40 376 673.92  with the profit for the period representing EUR 7 611 702.26 of this total. There were no substantial changes in the financial position of the company after the end of the period  and the solvency test referred to in Chapter 13  Section 2 of the Companies Act does not affect the amount of distributable profits.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.50 per share be paid for the financial year 2024. The dividend will be paid to shareholders entered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date  31 March 2025. The Board proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the dividend be paid on 7 April 2025.No dividend shall be paid on shares held by the company on the record date of the dividend payment  31 March 2025.On the day the proposal for the distribution of profit was made  the number of shares entitling to dividend was 38 188 933  which means the total amount of the dividend would be EUR 19 094 466.50. The Group’s earnings per share amounted to EUR -0.05.Lassila & Tikanoja’s Annual Report  which includes the Report by the Board of Directors and the financial statements for 2024  will be published in week 10 at lt.fi/en/investors/reports-presentations .Helsinki 12 February 2025LASSILA & TIKANOJA PLCBoard of DirectorsEero HautaniemiPresident and CEOFor additional information  please contact:Eero Hautaniemi  President and CEO  tel. +358 10 636 2810Joni Sorsanen  CFO  tel. +358 50 443 3045Lassila & Tikanoja is a service company that is putting the circular economy into practice. Together with our customers  we keep materials  manufacturing sites and properties in productive use for as long as possible and we enhance the use of raw materials and energy. This is to create more value with the circular economy for our customers  personnel and society in a broader sense. Achieving this also means growth in value for our shareholders. Our objective is to continuously grow our actions’ carbon handprint  our positive effect on the climate. We assume our social responsibility by looking after the work ability of our personnel as well as offering jobs to those who are struggling to find employment  for example. With operations in Finland and Sweden  L&T employs approximately 7 400 people. Net sales in 2024 amounted to EUR 770.7 million. L&T is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki.Distribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediawww.lt.fi/en/Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Tikanoja plc', 'Financial Statements', 'Lassila', 'December', 'two independent listed companies', 'two separate listed companies', 'producer responsibility organisation customers', 'construction industry customer segment', 'hazardous waste business line', 'unprofitable customer agreements', 'challenging business cycle', 'challenging business environment', 'process cleaning business', 'Stock exchange release', 'CEO EERO HAUTANIEMI', 'packaging material waste', 'annual maintenance breaks', 'weak economic situation', 'Finnish construction market', 'Gävleborg region', 'waste management services', 'current market situation', 'material treatment centres', 'circular economy businesses', 'environmental construction business', 'Facility Services business', 'efficiency improvement measures', 'Net cash flow', 'annual performance improvement', 'annual cost level', 'FACILITY SERVICES FINLAND', 'ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT', 'material flows', 'ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES', 'INDUSTRIAL SERVICES', 'Net sales', 'efficiency programme', 'market position', 'operating activities', 'Tikanoja plc', 'Financial Statements', 'corresponding period', 'final quarter', 'first quarter', 'comparison period', 'following quarters', 'possible separation', 'partial demerger', 'same level', 'balance sheet', 'solid performance', '2.9 per cent', 'financial period', 'housing properties', 'first half', 'service production', 'municipal contracts', 'financial position', 'previous year', 'absolute profitability', 'strong demand', '2023 level', 'Lassila', 'February', '8:00 a', 'December', 'figures', 'brackets', 'Earnings', 'share', 'write-downs', 'provisions', 'Sweden', 'entries', 'impact', 'items', 'comparability', 'investments', 'Board', 'Directors', 'planning', 'company', 'beginning', 'dividend', 'EUR', 'Outlook', 'PRESIDENT', 'relative', 'Both', 'divisions', 'total', 'recycling', 'addition', 'municipalisation', 'collection', 'costs', 'corporate', 'resourcing', 'decrease', 'volumes', 'acquisition', 'termination']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,globenewswire.com
48859,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/conditions-riksbank-auctions-government-bonds-152000808.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS,SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1056  SE0004517290  2032-06-01Bid date2025-02-21Bid times09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid dateOffered volume (corresponding nominal amount)1060: 2000 million SEK +/-2000 million S,Sveriges RiksbankBid procedure  2025-02-21 Bonds SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1060  SE0009496367  2028-05-12SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1056  SE0004517290  2032-06-01Bid date 2025-02-21 Bid times 09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Offered volume (corresponding nominal amount) 1060: 2000 million SEK +/-2000 million SEK1056: 700 million SEK +/-700 million SEKHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) 1060: 2000 million SEK per bid1056: 700 million SEK per bidLowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 10 million per bid Expected allocation time Not later than 10.15 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Delivery and payment date 2025-02-25 Settlement amount To be paid to the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system SWIFT: VPCSSESSXXX Account: 1 4948 6383 CTM BIC: RIKSSESS ALERT acronym: RIKSBANKStockholm  2025-02-14This is a translation of the special terms and conditions published on www.riksbank.se. In the case of any inconsistency between the English translation and the Swedish language version  the Swedish language version shall prevail. Complete terms and conditions can be retrieved at www.riksbank.se.,neutral,0.01,0.83,0.16,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'RIKSSESS ALERT acronym', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'securities settlement system', 'Swedish language version', 'Bid date Delivery', 'Settlement amount', 'SWEDISH GOVERNMENT', 'payment date', 'Bid procedure', 'Bid times', '2000 million SEK', '700 million SEK', 'allocation time', 'CTM BIC', 'special terms', 'Complete terms', 'VPCSSESSXXX Account', 'English translation', 'Sveriges Riksbank', '21 Bonds', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'case', 'inconsistency']",2025-02-14,2025-02-14,finance.yahoo.com
48860,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64557728-electrolux-group-notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-ab-electrolux-008.htm,Electrolux Group: Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of AB Electrolux,"The shareholders of AB Electrolux (publ)  reg. no. 556009-4178 (the ""Company"")  are hereby given notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday","STOCKHOLM  Feb. 14  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AB Electrolux (publ)  reg. no. 556009-4178 (the ""Company"")  are hereby given notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  March 26  2025  at 4.00 p.m. (CET) at Bio Skandia  Drottninggatan 82 in Stockholm  Sweden. Admission and registration will commence at 3.00 p.m. (CET).The Board of Directors has decided that the shareholders shall have the possibility to exercise their voting rights by postal voting before the Annual General Meeting  as instructed below.The Annual General Meeting will be webcasted live via Electrolux Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2025.The Annual General Meeting will be conducted in Swedish and simultaneously translated into English.Registration and notificationParticipation at the meeting venueShareholders who wish to participate at the meeting venue  in person or by proxy  mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  March 18  2025; andgive notice of its participation no later than Thursday  March 20  2025 by telephone +46 8 402 92 79 on weekdays between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. (CET)  by post to AB Electrolux  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or via Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.The notification shall include the shareholder's name  personal or corporate identification number  address and telephone number  and any assistants (two at most).If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written and dated proxy signed by the shareholder shall be issued for the representative. A representative for a shareholder that is a legal entity shall provide a registration certificate or other supporting document that shows the authorized signatory of the shareholder. In order to facilitate registration at the Annual General Meeting  the proxy and/or registration certificate or other supporting documents should be sent to the Company to the address above well in advance of the Annual General Meeting.Proxy forms are available on Electrolux Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2025 and are also provided by the Company upon request.Postal votingShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  March 18  2025; andgive notice of its participation by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the Company no later than on Thursday  March 20  2025.Shareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions listed under ""Participation at the meeting venue"" above. Hence  a notification of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for shareholders who also wish to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form for postal voting is available at Electrolux Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2025 and is also provided by the Company upon request.The completed and signed form for postal voting shall be either sent by post to AB Electrolux  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. Shareholders may also cast their postal vote electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a written and dated proxy signed by the shareholder must be enclosed to the form for postal voting. A representative for a shareholder that is a legal entity must enclose  to the form for postal voting  a registration certificate or other supporting document which shows the authorized signatory of the shareholder. Proxy forms are available on Electrolux Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2025 and are also provided by the Company upon request.The shareholder may not provide specific instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the vote (i.e.  the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting and at Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/.Shares registered in the name of a nomineeIn order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  by attending the meeting venue or by postal voting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting in accordance with the instructions above  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of the record date on Tuesday  March 18  2025. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than Thursday  March 20  2025  will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.AgendaElection of Chair of the Annual General Meeting. Preparation and approval of voting list. Approval of agenda. Election of two minutes-checkers. Determination as to whether the Annual General Meeting has been properly convened. Presentation of the Annual Report and the Audit Report as well as the Consolidated Accounts and the Group Audit Report. Presentation by the President and CEO. Resolution on adoption of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet as well as the Consolidated Income Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Resolution on discharge from liability of the Directors and the President and CEO for 2024. Resolution on dispositions in respect of the Company's profit or loss pursuant to the adopted Balance Sheet. Determination of the number of Directors and Deputies. Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and the Auditor. Election of Board of Directors and Chair of the Board. Geert Follens (re-election) Petra Hedengran (re-election) Ulla Litzén (re-election) Torbjörn Lööf (re-election) Daniel Nodhäll (re-election) Karin Overbeck (re-election) David Porter (re-election) Michael Rauterkus (re-election) Yannick Fierling (new election) Torbjörn Lööf as Chair of the Board (re-election) Election of Auditor. Resolution on approval of the Remuneration Report. Resolutions on transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions; and transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2023. Resolutions on implementation of a performance based long-term share program for 2025; and transferring own shares to the participants in the long-term share program for 2025; or entering into an equity swap agreement with a third party. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Proposals for decisionsItem 1 - Election of Chair of the Annual General MeetingAB Electrolux Nomination Committee  consisting of the Chair Christian Cederholm (Investor AB) and the members Marianne Nilsson (Swedbank Robur Funds)  Anders Hansson (AMF Tjänstepension och Fonder)  Carina Silberg (Alecta) and Torbjörn Lööf (Chair of the Board of AB Electrolux)  proposesEva Hägg  member of the Swedish Bar Association  as Chair of the Annual General Meeting.Item 2 - Preparation and approval of voting listThe voting list proposed for approval is the voting list drawn up by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the Company  based on the Annual General Meeting's register of shareholders  shareholders having given notice of participation and being present at the meeting venue  and postal votes received.Item 10 - Resolution on dispositions in respect of the Company's profit or loss pursuant to the adopted Balance SheetThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend shall be distributed for the fiscal year 2024 and that available funds shall be carried forward in the new accounts.Item 11 - Determination of the number of Directors and DeputiesThe Nomination Committee proposes that the number of Directors of the Company elected by the Annual General Meeting shall be nine and that no Deputies shall be appointed.Item 12 - Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and the AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes fees to Directors of the Board not employed by Electrolux Group as follows.SEK 2 660 000 to the Chair of the Board and SEK 775 000 to each of the other Directors of the Board elected by the Annual General Meeting; andfor committee work  to the members who are appointed by the Board of Directors:SEK 392 000 to the Chair of the Audit Committee and SEK 248 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee  SEK 212 000 to the Chair of the People Committee and SEK 145 000 to each of the other members of the People Committee  and SEK 360 000 to the Chair of the Strategic Planning Committee and SEK 205 000 to each of the other members of the Strategic Planning Committee.In addition to the above fees  the Nomination Committee also proposes that the following meeting fee will be paid to each Director  for each Board meeting in Sweden such Director attends in-person:For a Director domiciled in the Nordics: 0For a Director domiciled in Europe outside the Nordics: EUR 1 500For a Director domiciled outside Europe: USD 3 000The Nomination Committee further proposes that the Auditor's fee be paid as incurred  for the Auditor's term of office  on approved account.Item 13 - Election of Board of Directors and Chair of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes that the following persons are elected to the Board of Directors until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2026.Re-election of the Directors Geert Follens  Petra Hedengran  Ulla Litzén  Torbjörn Lööf  Daniel Nodhäll  Karin Overbeck  David Porter and Michael Rauterkus;New election of Yannick Fierling as Director; andRe-election of Torbjörn Lööf as Chair of the Board of Directors.A presentation of the proposed Directors of the Board is available on Electrolux Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2025.Item 14 - Election of AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee  election of the audit firm Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as the Company's auditor for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting 2026.Item 16 - Resolutions on a) transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions; and b) transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2023The Company has previously  on the basis of authorizations by the Annual General Meeting  acquired own shares for the purpose of using these shares to finance potential company acquisitions  as a hedge for the Company's share related incentive programs as well as to adapt the Company's capital structure. The Board of Directors considers it to be of continued advantage for the Company to be able to use repurchased shares on account of potential company acquisitions and the Company's share related incentive programs  and the Board of Directors therefore proposes the authorization to be renewed for the period until the following Annual General Meeting.In view of the above  the Board of Directors proposes as follows.a) Transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitionsThe Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting  on one or several occasions  to resolve on transfers of the Company's own shares of series B in connection with or as a consequence of company acquisitions as follows.Own shares of series B held by the Company at the time of the Board of Directors' decision on the transfer may be transferred. Transfer of shares may take place outside Nasdaq Stockholm as set out in Chapter 19  Sections 35-37 of the Swedish Companies Act. The shares may be transferred with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights shall be that transfer of own shares enables alternative forms of payment for company acquisitions which according to the Board of Directors is beneficial for the Company and contributes to increased shareholder value. Transfer of shares shall be made at a minimum price per share corresponding to an amount in close connection with the price of the Company's share of series B on Nasdaq Stockholm at the time of the decision on the transfer. Payment for transferred shares may be made in cash  by contributions in kind or by a set-off of Company debt.b) Transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2023The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the Company shall be entitled  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting  on one or several occasions  to transfer a maximum of 815 000 own shares of series B in the Company for the purpose of covering costs related to social security charges  that may arise as a result of the Company's obligations under the previously adopted share program for 2023. Such transfers shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the prevailing price interval for the Company's shares of series B at Nasdaq Stockholm from time to time.Majority requirementValid resolutions in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals a) and b) above require that shareholders holding no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting are in favor of the proposals.Item 17 - Resolutions on a) implementation of a performance based long-term share program for 2025  and hedging arrangements by either b) transferring own shares to the participants in the long-term share program for 2025 or c) entering into an equity swap agreement with a third partyBackgroundThe Board of Directors in the Company has decided to propose a performance based long-term incentive program for 2025 (the ""Share Program 2025""). The proposed program is in all material aspects unchanged compared with the share program for 2024  with the exception that a one-year performance period shall be applied with respect to the financial performance target ('earnings per share') whilst the three-year performance period shall remain for the other performance target ('CO2 reduction'). The Board of Directors is convinced that the proposed program will be beneficial to the Company's shareholders as it will contribute to the possibilities to recruit and retain competent employees in Electrolux Group  is expected to increase the commitment and the motivation of the program participants and strengthen the participants' ties to the Company and its shareholders.Proposals of the Board of DirectorsIn view of the above  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves a) to implement the Share Program 2025  and hedging arrangements by either b) transferring own shares to the participants in the Share Program 2025 or c) entering into an equity swap agreement with a third party.a) Resolution on implementation of a performance based long-term share program for 2025The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement the Share Program 2025 with the following principal terms and conditions:The program is proposed to include up to 800 senior managers and key employees of Electrolux Group  who are divided into seven participant groups; the President and CEO (""Group 1"")  other members of Group Management (""Group 2"")  and five additional groups for other senior managers and key employees (""Group 3-7""). Invitation to participate in the program shall be provided by the Company no later than on May 16  2025. Participants are offered to be allocated shares of series B in the Company (""Performance Shares"")  provided that the participant remains employed until January 1  2028. Exemptions to this requirement may be prescribed in specific cases  including a participant's death  disability  retirement or the divestiture through a sale  spin-off or otherwise of the participant's employing company from Electrolux Group. The Performance Shares shall be based on maximum performance values for each participant group. The maximum performance value for the participants in Group 1 will be 100 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2025  for participants in Group 2  90 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2025  for participants in Group 3  80 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2025  for participants in Group 4  60 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2025  for participants in Group 5  50 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2025  for participants in Group 6  40 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2025  and for participants in Group 7  20 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2025. The total sum of the maximum values of the Performance Shares defined for all participants will not exceed MSEK 541 excluding social costs. Each maximum performance value shall thereafter be converted into a maximum number of Performance Shares[1]  based on the average closing price paid for the Company's share of series B on Nasdaq Stockholm during a period of ten trading days before the day the participants are invited to participate in the Share Program 2025  reduced by the present value of estimated dividend payments for the period until shares are allotted. The calculation of the number of Performance Shares shall be connected to performance targets established by the Board of Directors for the performance period  for Electrolux Group's (i) earnings per share[2] and (ii) CO2 reduction[3]. The performance targets adopted by the Board of Directors will stipulate a minimum level and a maximum level  with the relative weight of the performance targets (i) and (ii) being 80 per cent and 20 per cent  respectively. For the participants in Group 1 and 2 (Group Management)  the granted Performance Shares based on (i) and (ii) will be multiplied by 0.75-1.25 depending on the outcome of a relative total shareholder return target[4]. The performance period is one year (financial year 2025) with respect to performance target (i) earnings per share and three years (financial years 2025-2027) with respect to performance target (ii) CO2 reduction as well as three years (financial years 2025-2027) with respect to the relative total shareholder return target for the participants in Group 1 and 2 (Group Management). Performance outcome of the established performance targets will be determined by the Board of Directors after the expiry of the respective performance period. If the maximum performance level is reached or exceeded  the allocation will amount to (and will not exceed) the maximum number of Performance Shares following from 3 and 4 above. If performance is below the maximum level but exceeds the minimum level  a proportionate allocation of Performance Shares will be made. No allocation will be made if performance amounts to or is below the minimum level. Information on the performance targets and the outcome will be provided no later than in connection with the allocation of Performance Shares in accordance with 7 below. If all conditions in the Share Program 2025 are met  allocation of Performance Shares will take place in the first half of 2028. Allocation will be free of consideration except for tax liabilities. Certain deviations in or adjustments of the terms and conditions for the Share Program 2025 may be made based on local rules and regulations as well as applicable market practice or market conditions or  where appropriate  due to group re-organizations  including cash settlement instead of delivery of shares under certain circumstances. The Board of Directors  or a committee established by the Board for these purposes  shall be responsible for the preparation and management of the Share Program 2025  within the framework of the aforementioned terms and conditions. If material changes would occur within Electrolux Group or on the market that  according to the Board of Directors' assessment  would lead to the conditions for allocation of Performance Shares no longer being reasonable  the Board of Directors shall also have the right to make other adjustments of the Share Program 2025  including e.g. a right to resolve on a reduced allotment of Performance Shares.Costs for the Share Program 2025The total costs for the Share Program 2025  if the maximum number of Performance Shares are delivered  are estimated to a maximum of MSEK 629  which corresponds to approximately 2.61 per cent of Electrolux Group's total employment cost for 2024. The costs will be recognized over the years 2025-2027  in accordance with IFRS 2. The costs have been calculated as the sum of salary costs  including social costs  and administration costs for the program. Administration costs are estimated to be less than MSEK 1. If no allotment of shares is made  only administration costs will arise.The costs have been calculated based on the value  at the start of the program  of the Performance Shares that may be allotted at maximum performance  through transfer of own shares  with a reduction of the present value of estimated dividend payments during a three-year period. The estimate on maximum costs assumes maximum performance and that the number of participants that will leave Electrolux Group during the performance period is the same as the historical average since the introduction of share programs in 2004. In the calculation  a maximum share price of SEK 183 per share has been applied.Hedging measures for the Share Program 2025In order to implement the Share Program 2025 in a cost-effective and flexible manner  the Board of Directors has considered various methods for transfer of shares to the participants. The Board of Directors has found that the most cost-effective alternative is transfer of own shares and proposes as the main alternative that the Annual General Meeting resolves on transfer of own shares in accordance with item b) below.Should the majority required under item b) below not be reached  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the Company should be able to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party in accordance with item c) below. The costs in connection with an equity swap agreement will be higher than the costs in connection with the transfer of own shares.Number of shares  effects on key figures  etc.The maximum number of Performance Shares that could be allotted to the participants under the Share Program 2025 shall be limited to 6 518 000  which corresponds to approximately 2.30 per cent of the total number of shares and 1.83 per cent of the votes in the Company.[5] The Share Program 2025 does not result in any dilutive effect on share capital or votes. If repurchased own shares are allocated under the Share Program 2025  the number of outstanding shares in the Company will increase with not more than 6 518 000 shares of series B  which corresponds to a maximum dilutive effect on earnings per share of approximately 2.36 per cent.[6] The dilutive effect on earnings per share is independent of the share price as Performance Shares are delivered free of consideration.The total maximum increase in the number of outstanding shares of all outstanding share programs in the Company is estimated to be not more than 16 591 000 shares of series B  delivered free of consideration  corresponding to a dilutive effect on earnings per share of approximately 5.80 per cent.[7] In this calculation  the maximum allotment of shares has been assumed for the share programs 2025  2024 and 2023.b) Resolution on transfers of own shares to the participants in the long-term share program for 2025In order to secure the delivery of Performance Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Share Program 2025  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the Company shall transfer a maximum of 6 518 000 shares of series B in the Company on the following terms and conditions:The right to receive shares shall be granted to participants within Electrolux Group covered by the terms and conditions pursuant to the Share Program 2025. Furthermore  subsidiaries within Electrolux Group shall have the right to acquire shares  free of consideration  and such subsidiaries shall be obligated to immediately transfer  free of consideration  shares to participants covered by the terms and conditions of the Share Program 2025. The participant shall have the right to receive shares during the period when the participant is entitled to receive shares pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Share Program 2025. Participants covered by the terms and conditions of the Share Program 2025 shall receive shares of series B in the Company free of consideration. The number of shares of series B in the Company that may be transferred under the Share Program 2025 will be subject to recalculation as a result of intervening bonus issues  splits  rights issues and/or other similar corporate events.c) Resolution on entering into an equity swap agreement with a third partyIn the event that the required majority under item b) above cannot be reached  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the expected financial exposure of the Share Program 2025 shall be hedged by the Company entering into an equity swap agreement with a third party on terms and conditions in accordance with market practice  whereby the third party in its own name may acquire and transfer shares of series B in the Company to employees who participate in the Share Program 2025. Indicative costs for an equity swap agreement amount to approximately MSEK 45.ConditionsThe Annual General Meeting's resolution to implement the Share Program 2025 in accordance with item a) above is conditional upon the Annual General Meeting resolving either in accordance with the proposal to transfer own shares of series B in the Company to participants in the Share Program 2025 in accordance with item b) above  or that an equity swap agreement with a third party may be entered into by the Company in accordance with item c) above.Majority requirementsThe resolution of the Annual General Meeting to implement the Share Program 2025 according to item a) above requires that more than half of the votes cast at the Annual General Meeting are in favor of the proposal. The resolution of the Annual General Meeting to transfer own shares according to item b) above requires that shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting are in favor of the proposal. The resolution of the Annual General Meeting that the Company may enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party in accordance with item c) above requires that more than half of the votes cast are in favor of the proposal.Preparation of the proposal for the Share Program 2025The proposal for the Share Program 2025 has been prepared by the People Committee and the Board of Directors.Other share related incentive programsFor a description of the Company's outstanding share related incentive programs  reference is made to the Annual Report for 2024  note 27  and the corporate governance section on Electrolux Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/en/. In addition to the programs described  no other share related incentive programs have been implemented.Shares and votesAs of the day of announcement of this notice  there are in total 283 077 393 shares in AB Electrolux of which 8 191 804 are series A shares  each carrying one vote  and 274 885 589 are series B shares  each carrying one-tenth of a vote  corresponding to in total 35 680 362.9 votes. As of the same date the Company holds 12 581 075 own shares of series B  corresponding to 1 258 107.5 votes that may not be represented at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders' right to receive informationThe Board of Directors and the President and CEO shall at the Annual General Meeting  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors considers that it can be done without material harm to the Company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that may affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the Company's relation to other group companies. Shareholders wishing to submit questions in advance may send them to AB Electrolux  Attn: Office of the General Counsel  SE-105 45 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail at agm@electrolux.com.DocumentsThe complete proposals from the Board of Director and the Nomination Committee are set out above. Proxy forms  postal voting form  a presentation of about the persons proposed as Directors of the Board  and the Nomination Committee's explanatory statement etc.  can be found on Electrolux Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2025. The Annual Report  the Auditor's Report  the Auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding the Remuneration Guidelines  and the Remuneration Report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act  will be available no later than Wednesday  March 5  2025 at AB Electrolux  S:t Göransgatan 143  SE 105 45 Stockholm  Sweden and on Electrolux Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2025. The documents will also be sent to shareholders who so specifically request and state their address.For information on how your personal data is processed  seehttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf .If you have questions regarding our processing of your personal data  you can contact us by emailing privacy@electrolux.com. AB Electrolux has company registration number 556009-4178 and the Board's registered office is in Stockholm  Sweden.Stockholm  February 2025AB Electrolux (publ)The Board of Directors[1] With a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events in accordance with customary practice for corresponding incentive programs.[2] Earnings per share as defined in the financial statements (with a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events).[3] The CO2 reduction target refers to greenhouse gas reductions within the following two areas: (i) operations and (ii) energy from product use  with the relative weight of the performance targets being 25 per cent for area (i) and 75 per cent for area (ii). The target will be measured on selected predefined product categories and regions.[4] The relative total shareholder return target refers to the Company's total shareholder return (""TSR"") (share price appreciation added by sum of all dividends received during the performance period) performance versus the FTSE EMEA Consumer Discretionary index during 2025-2027. If the Company's TSR is at or below the lower quartile of the index  a multiplier of 0.75 will apply. If TSR is at or above the upper quartile  a multiplier of 1.25 will apply. If TSR is below the upper quartile but exceeds the lower quartile a proportionate multiplier between 0.75 and 1.25 will apply. The Board of Directors will have the possibility to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as a change of the composition of the index during the performance period.[5] With a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events in accordance with customary practice for corresponding incentive programs.[6] Outstanding shares defined as the total number of issued shares in the Company reduced by the number of own shares held by the Company.[7] Outstanding shares defined as the total number of issued shares in the Company reduced by the number of own shares held by the Company.For further information  please contact Electrolux Press Hotline  +46 8 657 65 07.This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/electrolux-group/r/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-ab-electrolux c4104907The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/1853/4104907/3262793.pdf 250214 Press release notice AGM 2025 AB Electrolux engView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-ab-electrolux-302376931.html",neutral,0.34,0.66,0.0,negative,0.0,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Electrolux Group', 'AB Electrolux', 'Notice', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'other supporting document', 'corporate identification number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'voting rights registration', 'meeting venue', 'AB Electrolux', 'postal voting', 'Bio Skandia', 'Electrolux Group', 'share register', 'telephone number', 'legal entity', 'authorized signatory', 'record date', 'Such re-registration', 'postal vote', 'registration certificate', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Proxy forms', 'special form', 'STOCKHOLM', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Company', 'notice', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'CET', 'Drottninggatan', 'Admission', 'Board', 'Directors', 'possibility', 'website', 'electroluxgroup', 'Swedish', 'English', 'notification', 'Participation', 'person', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', 'weekdays', '9 a', 'Box', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'name', 'address', 'assistants', 'written', 'dated', 'representative', 'order', 'advance', 'request', 'accordance', 'behalf', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'verification', 'BankID', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'Shares', 'nominee', 'addition', '4.00', '3.00', '101']",2025-02-06,2025-02-14,finanznachrichten.de
48861,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-02/64556388-fayafi-investment-holding-fayafi-s-euroclear-securities-begin-trading-on-sophisticated-investment-platforms-and-bloomberg-terminals-008.htm,Fayafi Investment Holding: Fayafi's Euroclear securities begin trading on sophisticated investment platforms and Bloomberg terminals,Offer up to 15% yields with a unique bridge for conversion to digital assets DUBAI  UAE  Feb. 14  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Fayafi Investment Holding (Bloomberg: SPV Fayafi Investment)  the,"Offer up to 15% yields with a unique bridge for conversion to digital assetsDUBAI  UAE  Feb. 14  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Fayafi Investment Holding (Bloomberg: SPV Fayafi Investment)  the first UAE firm to be registered on the SIX Swiss Exchange and listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange  has commenced the trade of its listed isotope copper Euroclear security certificates on February 14th 2024  9am CET.The SPV has issued Euroclear security certificates registered on the SIX Swiss Exchange with an opening valuation of USD 3.6B  backed by isotope copper reserves physically present in its Dubai vaults at Ferrari Logistics DMCC. Of these  USD 1.44B worth  or 40 percent  have been made available for trading via Bloomberg terminals and sophisticated investment platforms at USD 100 per certificate.The securities are only accessible by sophisticated investors  family offices  sovereign wealth funds and private institutional investors. They offer up to 15% yields per annum  enabled through a proprietary algorithm developed by behavioural finance psychologist and Fayafi Investment Holding Executive President Dr. Patrick Pilati in collaboration with Swiss mathematicians. The algorithm utilizes behavioural finance principles to determine optimal trading strategies and predict market trends in advance.In a world-first innovation  investors can swap the Euroclear securities for digital assets including USDC  USDT and bitcoin using a unique proprietary bridge. Fayafi Investment SPV is currently the only entity in the world capable of transforming Euroclear securities certificates into fiat and subsequently into crypto assets.Investors can also leverage the securities to secure loans at more competitive rates by improving their loan-to-value (LTV) ratio.""With its Euroclear securities and unique bridge to digital assets  Fayafi Investment Holding is crossing multiple milestones. We are connecting traditional and digital finance  allowing institutional and private investors to diversify efficiently. Through seamless conversions between securities  fiat and digital assets  we are enhancing liquidity for stakeholders  eliminating conventional barriers to capital flow. Our proprietary trading algorithm offers strong income generation to underpin yield on our securities. We are also supporting the cause of scientific innovation by securitizing a very rare commodity invaluable for scientific innovation that has never before been securitised and listed since its discovery in the 1920s "" said Dr. Patrick Pilati  Executive President of Fayafi Investment Holding.The Fayafi Investment Holding Euroclear security certificates are backed by isotope copper  one of the world's rarest and most expensive commodities  with controlled distribution of a niche global supply. The metal has crucial applications in medicine  aerospace and quantum computing.""We are looking at SPV Fayafi Investment becoming the benchmark for high-yield  asset-backed investments  leveraging proprietary behavioural finance trading algorithms  Euroclear securities liquidity transformation  and sustainable finance "" Pilati added.Fayafi Investment Holding is an Emirati-founded Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) headquartered in the Dubai International Financial Centre (DIFC). It is the highest-value UAE publicly-listed company on foreign stock exchanges  and ranks #4 GCC-wide  reinforcing Dubai and the UAE's credibility as a global financial hub.Moving forward  Fayafi's leadership team is cementing the firm's place in the pantheon of innovators and leaders in global finance. The firm is engaging with leading Swiss private banks interested in institutional investing  and is building bridges with global financial and economic bodies.Key Details:Issuer of the Note: AIS PCC LimitedIssued: European Depositary Bank SA  3 Rue Gabriel Lippmann  5365 Munsbach Schuttrange  LuxembourgBloomberg: SPV Fayafi InvestmentRegistered: SIX Swiss ExchangeListed: Vienna Stock ExchangeLaunch Date:February 14  2025Opening Valuation:$3.6 BillionPrice Per Securities Certificate:$100Total Securities Certificates: 36 millionInitially released for trading:$1.44 BillionCustodian / Insure: Ferrari Logistics  DMCC  Dubai  UAEValuator & Asset Auditor: Institut für seltene erden und metalle AG  Lucern  SwitzerlandPhoto: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2619864/Fayafi_Investment_Holding_Patrick_Pilati.jpgMedia contact:FAYAFI Investment Holdingmedia@fayafi.chDIFC  Dubai  UAEView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/fayafis-euroclear-securities-begin-trading-on-sophisticated-investment-platforms-and-bloomberg-terminals-302376550.html",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.72,0.28,0.0,True,English,"['sophisticated investment platforms', 'Fayafi Investment Holding', 'Euroclear securities', 'Bloomberg terminals', 'trading', 'The Fayafi Investment Holding Euroclear security certificates', 'isotope copper Euroclear security certificates', 'Fayafi Investment Holding Executive President', 'proprietary behavioural finance trading algorithms', 'Emirati-founded Special Purpose Vehicle', 'European Depositary Bank SA', 'leading Swiss private banks', 'Dubai International Financial Centre', 'Euroclear securities liquidity transformation', 'Euroclear securities certificates', 'isotope copper reserves', 'behavioural finance psychologist', 'behavioural finance principles', 'Total Securities Certificates', 'SPV Fayafi Investment', 'Fayafi Investment SPV', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'Vienna Stock Exchange', 'sophisticated investment platforms', 'sovereign wealth funds', 'strong income generation', 'high-yield, asset-backed investments', 'foreign stock exchanges', 'AIS PCC Limited', '3 Rue Gabriel Lippmann', 'optimal trading strategies', 'niche global supply', 'global financial hub', 'Dr. Patrick Pilati', 'up to 15% yields', 'unique proprietary bridge', 'proprietary trading algorithm', 'The SPV', 'Ferrari Logistics DMCC', 'private institutional investors', 'first UAE firm', 'global finance', 'proprietary algorithm', 'Swiss mathematicians', 'digital finance', 'sustainable finance', 'private investors', 'unique bridge', 'sophisticated investors', 'digital assets', 'opening valuation', 'family offices', 'market trends', 'world-first innovation', 'crypto assets', 'competitive rates', 'LTV) ratio', 'multiple milestones', 'seamless conversions', 'conventional barriers', 'capital flow', 'scientific innovation', 'rare commodity', 'expensive commodities', 'controlled distribution', 'crucial applications', 'quantum computing', 'leadership team', 'institutional investing', 'economic bodies', 'Key Details', 'Munsbach Schuttrange', 'Launch Date', 'Asset Auditor', 'seltene erden', 'metalle AG', 'Media contact', 'original content', 'Dubai vaults', 'February 14th', 'Bloomberg terminals', 'Offer', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'trade', '9am', 'USD', '44B', '40 percent', 'annum', 'collaboration', 'advance', 'bitcoin', 'entity', 'fiat', 'loans', 'value', 'traditional', 'stakeholders', 'cause', 'discovery', '1920s', 'rarest', 'medicine', 'aerospace', 'benchmark', 'DIFC', 'company', 'credibility', 'place', 'pantheon', 'innovators', 'bridges', 'Issuer', 'Note', 'Luxembourg', 'Price', 'Custodian', 'Insure', 'Valuator', 'Lucern', 'Switzerland', 'Photo', 'news-releases', 'fayafis-euroclear-securities', 'sophisticated-investment-platforms', 'bloomberg-terminals']",2025-02-06,2025-02-14,finanznachrichten.de
48862,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fayafis-euroclear-securities-begin-trading-050000632.html,Fayafi's Euroclear securities begin trading on sophisticated investment platforms and Bloomberg terminals,Fayafi Investment Holding (Bloomberg: SPV Fayafi Investment)  the first UAE firm to be registered on the SIX Swiss Exchange and listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange  has commenced the trade of its listed isotope copper Euroclear security certificates on February 14th 2024 ,"Offer up to 15% yields with a unique bridge for conversion to digital assetsDUBAI  UAE  Feb. 14  2025 /PRNewswire/ -- Fayafi Investment Holding (Bloomberg: SPV Fayafi Investment)  the first UAE firm to be registered on the SIX Swiss Exchange and listed on the Vienna Stock Exchange  has commenced the trade of its listed isotope copper Euroclear security certificates on February 14th 2024  9am CET.Dr. Patrick Pilati - Behavioural Finance Psychologist and Executive President of Fayafi Investment HoldingThe SPV has issued Euroclear security certificates registered on the SIX Swiss Exchange with an opening valuation of USD 3.6B  backed by isotope copper reserves physically present in its Dubai vaults at Ferrari Logistics DMCC. Of these  USD 1.44B worth  or 40 percent  have been made available for trading via Bloomberg terminals and sophisticated investment platforms at USD 100 per certificate.The securities are only accessible by sophisticated investors  family offices  sovereign wealth funds and private institutional investors. They offer up to 15% yields per annum  enabled through a proprietary algorithm developed by behavioural finance psychologist and Fayafi Investment Holding Executive President Dr. Patrick Pilati in collaboration with Swiss mathematicians. The algorithm utilizes behavioural finance principles to determine optimal trading strategies and predict market trends in advance.In a world-first innovation  investors can swap the Euroclear securities for digital assets including USDC  USDT and bitcoin using a unique proprietary bridge. Fayafi Investment SPV is currently the only entity in the world capable of transforming Euroclear securities certificates into fiat and subsequently into crypto assets.Investors can also leverage the securities to secure loans at more competitive rates by improving their loan-to-value (LTV) ratio.""With its Euroclear securities and unique bridge to digital assets  Fayafi Investment Holding is crossing multiple milestones. We are connecting traditional and digital finance  allowing institutional and private investors to diversify efficiently. Through seamless conversions between securities  fiat and digital assets  we are enhancing liquidity for stakeholders  eliminating conventional barriers to capital flow. Our proprietary trading algorithm offers strong income generation to underpin yield on our securities. We are also supporting the cause of scientific innovation by securitizing a very rare commodity invaluable for scientific innovation that has never before been securitised and listed since its discovery in the 1920s "" said Dr. Patrick Pilati  Executive President of Fayafi Investment Holding.Story Continues",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.7,0.3,0.0,True,English,"['sophisticated investment platforms', 'Euroclear securities', 'Bloomberg terminals', 'Fayafi', 'isotope copper Euroclear security certificates', 'Fayafi Investment Holding Executive President', 'isotope copper reserves', 'SPV Fayafi Investment', 'Fayafi Investment SPV', 'Vienna Stock Exchange', 'Dr. Patrick Pilati', 'Ferrari Logistics DMCC', 'sovereign wealth funds', 'strong income generation', 'Behavioural Finance Psychologist', 'sophisticated investment platforms', 'behavioural finance principles', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'optimal trading strategies', 'Euroclear securities certificates', 'first UAE firm', 'up to 15% yields', 'unique proprietary bridge', 'proprietary trading algorithm', 'private institutional investors', 'digital finance', 'unique bridge', 'The SPV', 'proprietary algorithm', 'Swiss mathematicians', 'sophisticated investors', 'private investors', 'digital assets', 'February 14th', 'opening valuation', 'family offices', 'market trends', 'world-first innovation', 'crypto assets', 'competitive rates', 'LTV) ratio', 'multiple milestones', 'seamless conversions', 'conventional barriers', 'capital flow', 'scientific innovation', 'rare commodity', 'Dubai vaults', 'Bloomberg terminals', 'Offer', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'trade', '9am', 'USD', '44B', '40 percent', 'annum', 'collaboration', 'advance', 'bitcoin', 'entity', 'fiat', 'loans', 'value', 'traditional', 'liquidity', 'stakeholders', 'cause', 'discovery', '1920s', 'Story']",2025-02-14,2025-02-14,finance.yahoo.com
48863,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/13/3025639/28124/en/Western-Europe-Colocation-Existing-Upcoming-Data-Center-Portfolio-Report-2025-White-floor-Space-IT-Load-Capacity-Retail-Colocation-Pricing-and-Wholesale-Colocation-Pricing-2024-202.html,Western Europe Colocation Existing & Upcoming Data Center Portfolio Report 2025: White-floor Space  IT Load Capacity  Retail Colocation Pricing  and Wholesale Colocation Pricing 2024-2028,"Dublin  Feb. 13  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The ""Western Europe Existing & Upcoming Data Center Portfolio"" database has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.","Dublin  Feb. 13  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The ""Western Europe Existing & Upcoming Data Center Portfolio"" database has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com's offering.The UK  Netherlands  and Germany account for more than 60% of the existing data centers in this region  while Ireland has higher upcoming data centers. Around 30% of rack capacity is concentrated in the UK followed by Germany with more than 20% in the Upcoming data centersDigital realty and Equinix hold a significant market share in this region. Most of the financial markets of Europe are found in the Western region and hence the highest density of colocation data centers is found here.Key Market HighlightsThis database (excel) product covers the Western Europe data center market portfolio analysis  which will provide the following information on the colocation data centers:Detailed Analysis of 965 existing data centersDetailed Analysis of 189 upcoming data centersLocation covered: UK  France  Germany  Greece  Ireland  Italy  Netherlands  Portugal  Spain  Switzerland  Belgium.Existing white-floor space (square feet)Upcoming white-floor space (square feet)Current IT load capacity (2024)Future capacity additions (2025-2028)Retail Colocation Pricing Quarter Rack (1/4) Half Rack Cabinets (1/2) Full Rack Cabinet (42U/45U/47U/etc.)Wholesale colocation (per kW) pricingThe data points covered in the database across each facility are mentioned below:Existing Data Centers (965 Facilities)Market SnapshotLocation (Region/Country/City)Facility AddressOperator/Owner NameData Center Name i.e.  (London 1  Slough 2)Core & Shell Area (White-Floor Area)Core & Shell Power Capacity (IT Load Capacity)Rack CapacityYear of OperationsDesign Standards (Tier I - IV)Power/Cooling RedundancyUpcoming Data Centers (189 Facilities)Investment SnapshotLocation (Region/Country/City)Investor NameArea (White-Floor Area)Power Capacity (IT Load Capacity)Investment ($ Million)Electrical Infrastructure Investment ($ Million)Mechanical Infrastructure Investment ($ Million)General Construction Services Investment ($ Million)Announcement YearProject Status (Opened/Under Construction/Announced & Planned)Active or Expected Year of OpeningTarget AudienceData center Real Estate Investment Trusts (REIT)Data center Construction ContractorsData center Infrastructure ProvidersNew EntrantsConsultants/Consultancies/Advisory FirmsCorporate and Governments AgenciesKey Topics Covered:1. About the Database2. Scope & Assumptions3. Definitions4. Snapshot: Existing & Upcoming Data Center Facility5. Existing Data Center Database6. Upcoming Data Center Facility7. Existing vs. Upcoming Capacity (Infographics)8. Colocation PricingThe major operators/investors covered in this Western Europe Data Center Colocation Market Database include:3U TelecomAccess Managed Services (OOSHA)Ada InfrastructureAdam EcotechAdvanced MedioMatrixAIMESAire NetworksAixitAlpine DCANS Group (UKFast)AptumAQ ComputeAQL Data CenterAr TelecomArea Project SolutionsArk Data CentresArsysArt Data CentresArtfilesArubaASCO TLCASK4ASP ServerAtlantic Data Infrastructure (ADI)Atlas EdgeAtom86Bancadati SABITbitNAPBlueBluestar DatacenterBrainServebrightsolidBT BLUEBT GroupBytesnet (Eurofiber Cloud Infra)Caldera21 (CDLAN)CapitaLandCarrier ColoCastle ITCatella (Trinity DC)CDROMCELESTECellnexCentersquare (Cyxtera Technologies)CentrilogicCentronChina Mobile International (CMI)CIVCivicos NetworkingCKWClaranetClearstream TechnologyCloud Innovation LimitedCloudHQLLCCloudRockCogent CommunicationsColoBaleColoHouseColt Data Centre ServicesComarchCompass DatacentersComtranceComvive Servidores SLContaboCork Internet eXchangeCSI PIEMONTECustodian Data CentresCyrusOneDaisy Corporate ServicesD-ALiX (ITER Group)DARZData CastleData11Data4 GroupDataBankDatacenter Groningen (Weserve)Datacenter UnitedDataCenter WinterthurDatacenter.comDatacentreplusDatagrexDATANET.CO.UKDataOnedataRDataVitaDATAWIREDatum Datacentresdc2scaleDecimaDECSISDenv-RDigital RealtyDigital ReefDOKOM 21DTiXEchelon Data CentresEdgeConneXEdgeCore Internet Real EstateEID LLPEircomElmec InformaticaEMC HostCoEnergia Data CentreEnienvia TELEolasEquinixEspaciorackEspanixEtix EverywhereEURA DCEurofiber Cloud InfraEVF Data CenterEXE.IT SRL SBExtendo DatacenterFastnetFastwebFibernetFibra Medios TelecomFirstColoFoliateamForm8tion Data CentersFree ProFriktoriaFujitsuFulcrum Data SystemsfullsaveGIB-SolutionsGlobal Service ProviderGlobal SwitchGlobal Technical Realty (GTR)GoodmanGRASS-MERKURGreat Grey InvestmentsGreen ComputingGreen DatacenterGreen MountainGreenhouse DatacentersGroupe AstenGrupalia Internet S.AGrupo TrevenqueGTP 3 Data CenterGTT CommunicationsHelveticdata (BRIOD SA Group)Hetzner OnlineHiHoHispawebHostDimehosTELyonHosting-UK (IOMART)Hostmein IKEhosttechHumber Tech ParkIbercomIBOikoulaIndectronIndraINFOMANIAKIngenostrumInterconnectIOMARTIonos (Fasthosts)IP HouseIpcore DatacentersIPHH (Internet Port Hamburg)IPTP NetworksIrideosIron MountainISPpro InternetIT GateItalia Telecom SparkleITB2 DatacentersITENOSItilityItnetIWBJ MouldJaguar NetworkJCD GroupK2 Data CentresKao DataKeppel Data CentresKEVLINXKwere IILancomLasercharmLCL Data CentersLDeXLEW (Lechwerke AG - E.ON)Lincoln RackhouseLink Park HeathrowLumen TechnologiesMaincubesMainova WebHouseMalaga Data CenterMAXNODMerlin PropertiesMIXMK NETZDIENSTEMoresimyLoc managed IT (WIIT)NabiaxNaquadriaNation Data CenterNautilus Data TechnologiesNDC-GARBE Data CentersNehosNET-BUILDNethits` TelecomNetiwanNetTech DCNetwise HostingNewTelcoNexeren (XEFIFormerly SHD Datacenter)Nexica - Econocom GroupNIKHEF HostingNixvalnLightenNode4Noris NetworkNorthCNOSNS3NTS WorkspaceNTT DATAOpen Hub MedOrange Business ServicesOrigin Power Services and Woodlands Investment Management LimitedPanattoniPenta InfraPfalzkomPGIM Real EstatePlanet ICPlusServerPortugal Telecom (Altice)Portus Data CentersPrescient Data CentresPreviderPrime Data CentersProximity Data CentresProximus DatacenterPulsantPure Data CenterPYUR (HL KOMM)QTS Realty TrustQuetta Data Centers (AZORA)Rack OneRackspace TechnologyratiokontaktRechenzentrum Ostschweiz AGRedcentricRedwire DCRENRetelitSafe Hosts InternetScaleway DatacenterSCCSDC Capital PartnersSeewebSegroServeCentricServerChoiceServerfarmServerHouseServeriusService Express (Blue Chip)SFR BusinessSilverEdge DCSix DegreesSmartdcSoltia Consulting SLSpeedBoneSTACK InfrastructureSTACKITStart Campus (Pioneer Point & Davidson Kempner)Stellium DatacentersSunGard Availability ServicesSWISSCOLOCATIONSwisscomSwitch DatacentersSynapsecom TelecomsT5 Data CentersTASTDFTelecom ItaliaTelehouseTelemaxxTelstraThe Bunker (Cyberfort Group)Thesee DatacenterTHG HostingTissatTMR Telekommunikation Mittleres RuhrgebietTowernet infrastructures SLTrusted-ColoT-SystemsTWLKOMUnidataUniversity of TrentoCovi Costruziono DedagroupGPI & ISAUnix-SolutionsVantage Data CentersVerne GlobalVianovaViatelVIRTUS Data CentresVitaliWDCWIIT AGWildcard NetworksWilton InternationalWRN BroadcastXL360YondrZayo GroupFor more information about this database visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/13wcn2About ResearchAndMarkets.comResearchAndMarkets.com is the world's leading source for international market research reports and market data. We provide you with the latest data on international and regional markets  key industries  the top companies  new products and the latest trends.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.7,0.27,0.04,True,English,"['Upcoming Data Center Portfolio Report', 'Western Europe Colocation Existing', 'Retail Colocation Pricing', 'Wholesale Colocation Pricing', 'IT Load Capacity', 'White-floor Space', 'AQL Data Center Ar Telecom Area Project Solutions Ark Data Centres', 'Western Europe data center market portfolio analysis', 'Form8tion Data Centers Free Pro Friktoria', 'Western Europe Data Center Colocation Market Database', 'Data center Real Estate Investment Trusts', '3U Telecom Access Managed Services', 'EMC HostCo Energia Data Centre', 'Clearstream Technology Cloud Innovation Limited', 'Carrier Colo Castle IT Catella', 'Upcoming Data Center Portfolio"" database', 'Retail Colocation Pricing Quarter Rack', 'Announcement Year Project Status', 'EdgeCore Internet Real Estate', 'Colt Data Centre Services', 'Data center Construction Contractors', 'Data center Infrastructure Providers', 'Fulcrum Data Systems fullsave', 'Contabo Cork Internet eXchange', 'Grupalia Internet S.A', 'EXE.IT SRL SB', 'Upcoming Data Center Facility', 'Existing Data Center Database', 'General Construction Services Investment', 'Current IT load capacity', 'Datacenter United DataCenter Winterthur', 'Fibra Medios Telecom', 'Art Data Centres', 'Custodian Data Centres', 'Echelon Data Centres', 'EVF Data Center', 'GTP 3 Data Center', 'Western Europe Existing', 'Data Center Name', 'colocation data centers', 'upcoming data centers', 'significant market share', 'Atlantic Data Infrastructure', 'existing data centers', 'Key Market Highlights', 'Investor Name Area', 'Eurofiber Cloud Infra', 'Electrical Infrastructure Investment', 'Mechanical Infrastructure Investment', 'Market Snapshot Location', 'Half Rack Cabinets', 'Full Rack Cabinet', 'Operations Design Standards', 'Opening Target Audience', 'New Entrants Consultants', 'AIMES Aire Networks', 'Atlas Edge Atom86', 'China Mobile International', 'Comvive Servidores SL', 'Daisy Corporate Services', 'Great Grey Investments', 'Rack Capacity Year', 'Upcoming white-floor space', 'Future capacity additions', 'Global Service Provider', 'DataBank Datacenter Groningen', 'Aixit Alpine DC', 'Existing white-floor space', 'Investment Snapshot Location', 'Global Technical Realty', 'Shell Power Capacity', 'DATANET.CO.UK', 'BRIOD SA Group', 'Data Castle', 'Shell Area', 'White-Floor Area', '8. Colocation Pricing', 'data points', 'Upcoming Capacity', 'Western region', 'Detailed Analysis', 'Wholesale colocation', 'Under Construction', 'Expected Year', 'Ada Infrastructure', 'Owner Name', 'Global Switch', 'Bluestar Datacenter', 'Extendo Datacenter', 'Green Datacenter', 'Key Topics', 'Bancadati SA', 'Digital realty', 'Trinity DC', 'EURA DC', 'ANS Group', 'BT Group', 'ITER Group', 'Data4 Group', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'financial markets', 'highest density', 'excel) product', 'following information', 'square feet', 'Tier I', 'Power/Cooling Redundancy', 'Advisory Firms', 'Governments Agencies', 'Adam Ecotech', 'Advanced MedioMatrix', 'AQ Compute', 'ASCO TLC', 'ASP Server', 'bitNAP Blue', 'BrainServe brightsolid', 'BT BLUE', 'Cellnex Centersquare', 'Cyxtera Technologies', 'Centrilogic Centron', 'Civicos Networking', 'CKW Claranet', 'CloudHQ LLC', 'Cogent Communications', 'Compass Datacenters', 'CSI PIEMONTE', 'DATAWIRE Datum', 'Datacentres dc2scale', 'Digital Reef', 'EID LLP', 'Elmec Informatica', 'TEL Eolas', 'Fastnet Fastweb', 'Green Computing', 'Green Mountain', 'Greenhouse Datacenters', 'Groupe Asten', 'Grupo Trevenque', 'GTT Communications', 'Hetzner Online', 'The UK', '4. Snapshot', 'Dublin', 'ResearchAndMarkets.', 'offering', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Ireland', 'higher', 'Equinix', 'France', 'Greece', 'Italy', 'Portugal', 'Spain', 'Switzerland', 'Belgium', 'Region/Country/City', 'London', 'Slough', '9 Facilities', 'Active', 'REIT', 'Consultancies', 'Scope', 'Assumptions', 'Definitions', 'Infographics', 'investors', 'OOSHA', 'UKFast', 'Aptum', 'Arsys', 'Artfiles', 'Aruba', 'ASK4', 'ADI', 'Bytesnet', 'Caldera21', 'CDLAN', 'CapitaLand', 'CDROM', 'CELESTE', 'CMI', 'CloudRock', 'ColoBale', 'ColoHouse', 'Comarch', 'Comtrance', 'CyrusOne', 'D-ALiX', 'DARZ', 'Data11', 'Weserve', 'Datacentreplus', 'Datagrex', 'DataOne', 'dataR', 'DataVita', 'Decima', 'DECSIS', 'Denv-R', 'DOKOM', 'DTiX', 'EdgeConneX', 'Eircom', 'Espaciorack', 'Espanix', 'Etix', 'Fibernet', 'FirstColo', 'Foliateam', 'Fujitsu', 'GIB-Solutions', 'GTR', 'Goodman', 'GRASS-MERKUR', 'Helveticdata', 'HiHo', 'Hispaweb', 'HostD', '5.']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,globenewswire.com
48864,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.crypto-news-flash.com/chainlink-tackles-ai-hallucination/,Chainlink Tackles AI Hallucination with Models from OpenAI  Google  and Anthropic,Chainlink combats costly AI hallucinations using OpenAI  Google  and Anthropic models  aiming to reduce $3-5M annual financial errors.,Chainlink introduces a multi-model AI strategy using systems like OpenAI  Google  and Anthropic to reduce AI hallucinations in financial data processing significantly.By employing blockchain and a decentralized oracle network  Chainlink aims to establish a secure  transparent  and unified ‘golden record’ for verified financial information.Chainlink has introduced a bold new strategy to tackle a major problem in artificial intelligence—AI hallucinations. When large language models (LLMs) misinterpret or fabricate data  the consequences can be costly  especially in finance. Instead of depending on a single AI model  Chainlink is using a multi-model approach  tapping into AI systems from OpenAI  Google  and Anthropic.Can Chainlink help solve the AI hallucination problem? Laurence Moroney  Chainlink Advisor and former AI Lead at Google  on how Chainlink implemented a novel technique to overcome the risks of hallucination:… pic.twitter.com/1wHMSepd1P — Chainlink (@chainlink) February 11  2025Laurence Moroney  Chainlink Advisor and former AI Lead at Google  explained that using multiple AI models instead of relying on one helps reduce errors. Each AI model is given a different prompt to analyze the same financial data. He said:Instead of trusting a single prompt to a single LLM  the idea was to have a swarm of LLM-prompt combinations to produce various results. The consensus could then be measured. If they all produced the same result  we could begin to trust it.The system records the verified data on the blockchain  making it transparent  immutable  and secure. This consensus-driven method prevents misinformation from corrupting critical financial records  strengthening the reliability of AI-generated data.Chainlink AI Aims to Slash Financial Errors Costing $3-5M annuallyMistakes in corporate action processing cost businesses anywhere from $3 million to $5 million annually. In extreme cases  firms have suffered losses of up to $43 million due to flawed financial data. Chainlink’s approach aims to change that by cutting down on manual data revalidation and improving financial accuracy.In a recent collaboration with top financial institutions—including UBS  Franklin Templeton  Wellington Management  Vontobel  and Sygnum Bank—Chainlink tested this AI-blockchain system. The results proved promising  demonstrating a reduction in financial data errors and inefficiencies.The method is particularly beneficial in handling corporate actions  where companies announce events like dividends  mergers  or stock splits. AI extracts that data and converts it into a structured  machine-readable format known as JSON  making financial transactions smoother and error-free.Chainlink’s “Golden Record” with AI Validation—No More FragmentationChainlink’s initiative introduces what the industry calls a “unified golden record“—a single  verifiable source of structured financial data stored across multiple blockchains. This eliminates fragmented records  allowing banks  investors  and asset managers to access accurate corporate action data without redundant manual processing.A key component of this system is Chainlink’s decentralized oracle network (DON)  which runs multiple AI models to validate financial data. OpenAI’s ChatGPT-4o  Google’s Gemini 1.5 Pro  and Anthropic’s Claude 3.5 Sonnet each analyze corporate actions independently. If inconsistencies arise  the system flags them  preventing misleading data from entering financial workflows.Blockchain technology plays a critical role in ensuring maximum security. By storing cryptographically verified financial reports on-chain  Chainlink guarantees that corporate data remains tamper-proof  transparent  and synchronized across different market participants.Cross-Border  Cross-Industry CollaborationChainlink isn’t just working with financial firms—it’s aligning with global industry standards to ensure seamless integration. Institutions like DTCC  Clearstream  and Euroclear are on board  making sure the AI-generated structured data is compatible with traditional financial messaging protocols like Swift.For even broader accessibility  Chainlink’s Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol (CCIP) allows financial institutions to pull structured corporate action data from multiple blockchain ecosystems. This enables banks and asset managers to access real-time  verified data using existing financial infrastructure without costly overhauls.Looking ahead  Chainlink plans to refine its AI training to minimize hallucination risks further. The initiative will also integrate more data sources and enhance compliance with corporate action standards  including CAJWG and SCoRE. The long-term vision is to create an automated  scalable financial data processing system that transforms the global financial industry.Recommended for you:,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.18,0.54,True,English,"['AI Hallucination', 'Chainlink', 'Models', 'OpenAI', 'Google', 'Anthropic', 'automated, scalable financial data processing system', 'traditional financial messaging protocols', 'accurate corporate action data', 'redundant manual processing', 'corporate action processing', 'decentralized oracle network', 'bold new strategy', 'large language models', 'structured, machine-readable format', 'Cross-Chain Interoperability Protocol', 'corporate action standards', 'verified financial information', 'existing financial infrastructure', 'manual data revalidation', 'real-time, verified data', 'single, verifiable source', 'different market participants', 'former AI Lead', 'global industry standards', 'structured financial data', 'multiple AI models', 'global financial industry', 'AI-generated structured data', 'unified ‘golden record', 'multi-model AI strategy', 'same financial data', 'critical financial records', 'top financial institutions', 'multiple blockchain ecosystems', 'single AI model', 'financial data errors', 'AI hallucination problem', 'corporate data', 'AI-generated data', 'Financial Errors', 'financial accuracy', 'financial transactions', 'multiple blockchains', 'financial workflows', 'financial reports', 'corporate actions', 'misleading data', 'data sources', 'major problem', 'different prompt', 'single prompt', 'single LLM', 'same result', 'fragmented records', 'critical role', 'AI hallucinations', 'AI Validation', 'AI training', 'financial firms', 'AI-blockchain system', 'artificial intelligence', 'multi-model approach', 'Laurence Moroney', 'novel technique', 'LLM-prompt combinations', 'extreme cases', 'recent collaboration', 'Franklin Templeton', 'Wellington Management', 'Sygnum Bank', 'stock splits', 'asset managers', 'key component', 'Gemini 1.5 Pro', 'Claude 3.5 Sonnet', 'maximum security', 'Cross-Industry Collaboration', 'seamless integration', 'broader accessibility', 'costly overhauls', 'long-term vision', 'AI systems', 'Blockchain technology', 'Chainlink AI', 'various results', 'consensus-driven method', 'hallucination risks', 'Chainlink Advisor', 'OpenAI', 'Google', 'Anthropic', 'LLMs', 'consequences', 'finance', 'wHMSepd1P', 'February', 'idea', 'swarm', 'misinformation', 'reliability', 'Mistakes', 'businesses', 'losses', 'flawed', 'UBS', 'Vontobel', 'reduction', 'inefficiencies', 'companies', 'events', 'dividends', 'mergers', 'JSON', 'Fragmentation', 'initiative', 'banks', 'investors', 'DON', 'ChatGPT', 'inconsistencies', 'DTCC', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'board', 'Swift', 'CCIP', 'compliance', 'CAJWG', 'SCoRE']",2025-02-14,2025-02-14,crypto-news-flash.com
48865,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-news-deutsche-konsum-reit-ag-reduces-leverage-1034360797,EQS-News: Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG reduces leverage,EQS-News: Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG    / Key word (s): Quarterly / Interim Statement Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG reduces leverage 14.02.2025 / 07:10 CET/CEST The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.,EQS-News: Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG / Key word(s): Quarterly / Interim StatementDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG reduces leverage14.02.2025 / 07:10 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press releaseDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG reduces leverageNet Loan-to-Value (Net-LTV) reduced to 54.7% (30 September 2024: 57.2%)Equity increased to EUR 340.4 million (Q1 2023/2024: EUR 318.3 million)Rental income decreased as planned due to property sales to EUR 17.7 million (Q1 2023/2024: EUR 19.9 million)Rental income amounted to EUR 10.6 millionFunds from operations (FFO) decreased to EUR 4.7 million (Q1 2023/2024: EUR 8.0 million)  equating to an FFO per share of EUR 0.13 (undiluted) (Q1 2023/2024: EUR 0.23)Stable property portfolio value of EUR 886.6 millionEPRA NTA (fully diluted) increases slightly to EUR 7.60 per share (30 September 2024: EUR 7.55 per share) due to positive result for the periodPotsdam  14 February 2025 - Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG (ISIN DE000A14KRD3) (“DKR”) publishes IFRS figures for the first quarter of the financial year 2024/2025.Stable operational performance and successful strategic portfolio adjustmentsThe operating business development progressed as expected. As a result of the targeted property sales  rental income amounted to EUR 17.7 million  reflecting a decline of 11.2% compared to the previous year.Funds from operations (FFO) declined to EUR 4.7 million (Q1 2023/2024: EUR 8.0 million)  equivalent to EUR 0.13 per share (Q1 2023/2024: EUR 0.23 per share). The aFFO (after deduction of CAPEX) decreased to EUR 2.6 million (Q1 2023/2024: EUR 6.0 million). This decline was primarily due to higher financing costs and the impact of asset disposals.In view of strengthening DKR's leadership and operational control  the company has decided to insource Asset and Property Management activities and has launched an integration project.As of the reporting date  the portfolio comprised 165 properties with a balance sheet value of EUR 886.6 million.Financial stability further strengthened by debt reductionDKR successfully continued to reduce leverage in the first quarter. Net-LTV decreased to 54.7% (Q1 2023/2024: 57.2%)  primarily driven by targeted repayments and refinancing measures.As of early December  DKR also welcomed the Federal and State Government Employees Retirement Fund (VBL) as a new shareholder through the conversion of a convertible bond  further strengthening its shareholder base.The company's equity increased by the current period surplus of EUR 1.7 million and the capital increase from the conversion of convertible bonds  bringing total equity to EUR 340.4 million (Q1 2023/2024: EUR 318.4 million).Outlook: Focus on refinancing and portfolio optimizationThe leadership team continues to focus on strengthening the balance sheet and systematically improving financial discipline and overall business processes throughout the current financial year. The company is currently in constructive discussions with bondholders of maturing promissory notes and expiring bonds  as well as with lenders of secured loans set to mature within the current financial year.A financial outlook for the full fiscal year is expected to be provided with the half-year financial report.Conference CallDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG will hold an analysts' conference (webcast and conference call) on the annual results of the 2024/2025 financial year today  14 February 2025  10:00 a.m. CET/11:00 SAST. The corresponding results presentation and further information on the webcast and the conference call can be found at https://www.deutsche-konsum.de/en/investor-relations. The Quarterly Statement for the first quarter of the 2024/2025 financial year is available for download under https://www.deutsche-konsum.de/en/investor-relations/financial-reports and is also available on the JSE´s Website at: https://senspdf.jse.co.za/documents/2025/jse/isse/dkre/Q12025.pdf.About Deutsche Konsum REIT-AGDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG  Broderstorf  is a listed real estate company with a focus on German retail properties for everyday goods at established micro-locations. The focus of the Company's activities is on the acquisition  management  and development of local supply properties with the aim of continuous performance and the leveraging of hidden reserves.The shares of the Company are listed on the Prime Standard of the Deutsche Börse (ISIN: DE000A14KRD3) and on the JSE (JSE Limited) (South Africa) by way of a secondary listing.Contact:Deutsche Konsum REIT-AGMareike KuliberdaInvestor RelationsMarlene-Dietrich-Allee 12b14482 PotsdamTel: 0331 / 74 00 76 - 533Fax: 0331 / 74 00 76 - 599E-Mail: mk@deutsche-konsum.de,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.28,0.29,True,English,"['Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG', 'EQS-News', 'leverage', 'State Government Employees Retirement Fund', 'successful strategic portfolio adjustments', 'listed real estate company', 'Stable property portfolio value', 'Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG', 'higher financing costs', 'overall business processes', 'maturing promissory notes', 'Deutsche Börse', 'full fiscal year', 'half-year financial report', 'Stable operational performance', 'corresponding results presentation', 'German retail properties', 'local supply properties', 'current financial year', '2024/2025 financial year', 'operating business development', 'current period surplus', 'balance sheet value', 'The Quarterly Statement', 'Property Management activities', 'property sales', 'portfolio optimization', 'previous year', 'Financial stability', 'financial discipline', 'Interim Statement', 'operational control', 'annual results', 'continuous performance', 'financial outlook', 'Key word', 'Press release', 'Net Loan', 'Rental income', 'EPRA NTA', 'IFRS figures', 'first quarter', 'integration project', 'reporting date', 'debt reduction', 'targeted repayments', 'early December', 'new shareholder', 'convertible bond', 'shareholder base', 'capital increase', 'constructive discussions', 'expiring bonds', 'secured loans', 'Conference Call', ""analysts' conference"", 'everyday goods', 'hidden reserves', 'Prime Standard', 'South Africa', 'secondary listing', 'Mareike Kuliberda', 'Investor Relations', 'positive result', 'asset disposals', 'refinancing measures', 'leadership team', 'jse.co', 'JSE Limited', 'total equity', 'ISIN DE000A14KRD', '165 properties', 'EQS-News', 'leverage', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Net-LTV', 'September', 'Funds', 'operations', 'FFO', 'EUR', 'Potsdam', '14 February', 'DKR', 'decline', 'Q1', 'deduction', 'CAPEX', 'impact', 'view', 'Federal', 'VBL', 'conversion', 'bondholders', 'lenders', 'webcast', '10:00 a', 'SAST', 'information', 'deutsche-konsum', 'investor-relations', 'download', 'financial-reports', 'Website', 'senspdf', 'documents', 'Broderstorf', 'focus', 'micro-locations', 'acquisition', 'aim', 'leveraging', 'shares', 'way', 'Contact', 'Marlene-Dietrich-Allee', 'Tel', 'Fax', 'mk', '07', '0331']",2025-02-14,2025-02-14,markets.businessinsider.com
48866,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://lesechos-comfi.lesechos.fr/press-release/deutsche-konsum-reit-ag-reduces-leverage-LmFkK3WHbEX,Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG reduces leverage,Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG reduces leverage in Q1 2024/2025  with Net LTV down to 54.7%. Equity rises to EUR 340.4 million as FFO declines. Focus on refinancing and portfolio optimization,EQS-News: Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG / Key word(s): Quarterly / Interim StatementDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG reduces leverage14.02.2025 / 07:10 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press releaseDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG reduces leverageNet Loan-to-Value (Net-LTV) reduced to 54.7% (30 September 2024: 57.2%)Equity increased to EUR 340.4 million (Q1 2023/2024: EUR 318.3 million)Rental income decreased as planned due to property sales to EUR 17.7 million (Q1 2023/2024: EUR 19.9 million)Rental income amounted to EUR 10.6 millionFunds from operations (FFO) decreased to EUR 4.7 million (Q1 2023/2024: EUR 8.0 million)  equating to an FFO per share of EUR 0.13 (undiluted) (Q1 2023/2024: EUR 0.23)Stable property portfolio value of EUR 886.6 millionEPRA NTA (fully diluted) increases slightly to EUR 7.60 per share (30 September 2024: EUR 7.55 per share) due to positive result for the periodPotsdam  14 February 2025 - Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG (ISIN DE000A14KRD3) (“DKR”) publishes IFRS figures for the first quarter of the financial year 2024/2025.Stable operational performance and successful strategic portfolio adjustmentsThe operating business development progressed as expected. As a result of the targeted property sales  rental income amounted to EUR 17.7 million  reflecting a decline of 11.2% compared to the previous year.Funds from operations (FFO) declined to EUR 4.7 million (Q1 2023/2024: EUR 8.0 million)  equivalent to EUR 0.13 per share (Q1 2023/2024: EUR 0.23 per share). The aFFO (after deduction of CAPEX) decreased to EUR 2.6 million (Q1 2023/2024: EUR 6.0 million). This decline was primarily due to higher financing costs and the impact of asset disposals.In view of strengthening DKR's leadership and operational control  the company has decided to insource Asset and Property Management activities and has launched an integration project.As of the reporting date  the portfolio comprised 165 properties with a balance sheet value of EUR 886.6 million.Financial stability further strengthened by debt reductionDKR successfully continued to reduce leverage in the first quarter. Net-LTV decreased to 54.7% (Q1 2023/2024: 57.2%)  primarily driven by targeted repayments and refinancing measures.As of early December  DKR also welcomed the Federal and State Government Employees Retirement Fund (VBL) as a new shareholder through the conversion of a convertible bond  further strengthening its shareholder base.The company's equity increased by the current period surplus of EUR 1.7 million and the capital increase from the conversion of convertible bonds  bringing total equity to EUR 340.4 million (Q1 2023/2024: EUR 318.4 million).Outlook: Focus on refinancing and portfolio optimizationThe leadership team continues to focus on strengthening the balance sheet and systematically improving financial discipline and overall business processes throughout the current financial year. The company is currently in constructive discussions with bondholders of maturing promissory notes and expiring bonds  as well as with lenders of secured loans set to mature within the current financial year.A financial outlook for the full fiscal year is expected to be provided with the half-year financial report.Conference CallDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG will hold an analysts' conference (webcast and conference call) on the annual results of the 2024/2025 financial year today  14 February 2025  10:00 a.m. CET/11:00 SAST. The corresponding results presentation and further information on the webcast and the conference call can be found at https://www.deutsche-konsum.de/en/investor-relations. The Quarterly Statement for the first quarter of the 2024/2025 financial year is available for download under https://www.deutsche-konsum.de/en/investor-relations/financial-reports and is also available on the JSE´s Website at: https://senspdf.jse.co.za/documents/2025/jse/isse/dkre/Q12025.pdf.About Deutsche Konsum REIT-AGDeutsche Konsum REIT-AG  Broderstorf  is a listed real estate company with a focus on German retail properties for everyday goods at established micro-locations. The focus of the Company's activities is on the acquisition  management  and development of local supply properties with the aim of continuous performance and the leveraging of hidden reserves.The shares of the Company are listed on the Prime Standard of the Deutsche Börse (ISIN: DE000A14KRD3) and on the JSE (JSE Limited) (South Africa) by way of a secondary listing.Contact:Deutsche Konsum REIT-AGMareike KuliberdaInvestor RelationsMarlene-Dietrich-Allee 12b14482 PotsdamTel: 0331 / 74 00 76 - 533Fax: 0331 / 74 00 76 - 599E-Mail: mk@deutsche-konsum.de,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.28,0.29,True,English,"['Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG', 'leverage', 'State Government Employees Retirement Fund', 'successful strategic portfolio adjustments', 'listed real estate company', 'Stable property portfolio value', 'Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG', 'higher financing costs', 'overall business processes', 'maturing promissory notes', 'Deutsche Börse', 'full fiscal year', 'half-year financial report', 'Stable operational performance', 'corresponding results presentation', 'German retail properties', 'local supply properties', 'current financial year', '2024/2025 financial year', 'operating business development', 'current period surplus', 'balance sheet value', 'The Quarterly Statement', 'Property Management activities', 'property sales', 'portfolio optimization', 'previous year', 'Financial stability', 'financial discipline', 'Interim Statement', 'operational control', 'annual results', 'continuous performance', 'financial outlook', 'Key word', 'Press release', 'Net Loan', 'Rental income', 'EPRA NTA', 'IFRS figures', 'first quarter', 'integration project', 'reporting date', 'debt reduction', 'targeted repayments', 'early December', 'new shareholder', 'convertible bond', 'shareholder base', 'capital increase', 'constructive discussions', 'expiring bonds', 'secured loans', 'Conference Call', ""analysts' conference"", 'everyday goods', 'hidden reserves', 'Prime Standard', 'South Africa', 'secondary listing', 'Mareike Kuliberda', 'Investor Relations', 'positive result', 'asset disposals', 'refinancing measures', 'leadership team', 'jse.co', 'JSE Limited', 'total equity', 'ISIN DE000A14KRD', '165 properties', 'EQS-News', 'leverage', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Net-LTV', 'September', 'Funds', 'operations', 'FFO', 'EUR', 'Potsdam', '14 February', 'DKR', 'decline', 'Q1', 'deduction', 'CAPEX', 'impact', 'view', 'Federal', 'VBL', 'conversion', 'bondholders', 'lenders', 'webcast', '10:00 a', 'SAST', 'information', 'deutsche-konsum', 'investor-relations', 'download', 'financial-reports', 'Website', 'senspdf', 'documents', 'Broderstorf', 'focus', 'micro-locations', 'acquisition', 'aim', 'leveraging', 'shares', 'way', 'Contact', 'Marlene-Dietrich-Allee', 'Tel', 'Fax', 'mk', '07', '0331']",2025-02-14,2025-02-14,lesechos-comfi.lesechos.fr
48867,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.moneyweb.co.za/mny_sens/deutsche-konsum-reit-ag-press-release-quarterly-interim-statement/,DEUTSCHE KONSUM REIT-AG – Press release: Quarterly/interim statement,Potsdam  14 February 2025 – Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG (ISIN DE000A14KRD3) (‘DKR’) publishes IFRS figures for the first quarter of the financial year 2024/2025. Stable operational performance and successful strategic portfolio adjustments,Potsdam  14 February 2025 – Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG (ISIN DE000A14KRD3) (‘DKR’) publishes IFRS figures for the first quarter of the financial year 2024/2025. Stable operational performance and successful strategic portfolio adjustments,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.95,0.05,0.0,True,English,"['DEUTSCHE KONSUM REIT-AG', 'Press release', 'Quarterly/interim statement', 'successful strategic portfolio adjustments', 'Deutsche Konsum REIT-AG', 'Stable operational performance', 'ISIN DE000A14KRD', 'IFRS figures', 'first quarter', 'financial year', 'Potsdam', '14 February', 'DKR']",2025-02-14,2025-02-14,moneyweb.co.za
48868,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/deutsche-b-rse-full-2024-041257883.html,Deutsche Börse Full Year 2024 Earnings: EPS Beats Expectations,Full Year 2024 Results Key Financial Results Revenue: €7.02b (up 15% from FY 2023).,Deutsche Börse (ETR:DB1) Full Year 2024 ResultsKey Financial ResultsRevenue: €7.02b (up 15% from FY 2023).Net income: €1.95b (up 13% from FY 2023).Profit margin: 28% (in line with FY 2023).EPS: €10.60 (up from €9.35 in FY 2023).XTRA:DB1 Earnings and Revenue Growth February 14th 2025All figures shown in the chart above are for the trailing 12 month (TTM) periodDeutsche Börse EPS Beats ExpectationsRevenue was in line with analyst estimates. Earnings per share (EPS) surpassed analyst estimates by 2.2%.Looking ahead  revenue is expected to decline by 2.0% p.a. on average during the next 3 years  while revenues in the Capital Markets industry in Germany are expected to grow by 1.7%.Performance of the German Capital Markets industry.The company's shares are up 3.3% from a week ago.Risk AnalysisDon't forget that there may still be risks. For instance  we've identified 1 warning sign for Deutsche Börse that you should be aware of.Have feedback on this article? Concerned about the content? Get in touch with us directly. Alternatively  email editorial-team (at) simplywallst.com.This article by Simply Wall St is general in nature. We provide commentary based on historical data and analyst forecasts only using an unbiased methodology and our articles are not intended to be financial advice. It does not constitute a recommendation to buy or sell any stock  and does not take account of your objectives  or your financial situation. We aim to bring you long-term focused analysis driven by fundamental data. Note that our analysis may not factor in the latest price-sensitive company announcements or qualitative material. Simply Wall St has no position in any stocks mentioned.,neutral,0.09,0.91,0.0,mixed,0.23,0.31,0.46,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Full Year 2024 Earnings', 'EPS', 'Expectations', 'trailing 12 month (TTM) period', 'German Capital Markets industry', 'latest price-sensitive company announcements', 'Key Financial Results Revenue', 'Deutsche Börse EPS', 'Full Year 2024 Results', 'Simply Wall St', 'long-term focused analysis', 'financial advice', 'financial situation', 'Net income', 'Profit margin', 'Revenue Growth', 'analyst estimates', 'next 3 years', 'Risk Analysis', '1 warning sign', 'historical data', 'analyst forecasts', 'unbiased methodology', 'fundamental data', 'qualitative material', 'DB1 Earnings', 'ETR', 'FY', 'line', 'XTRA', 'figures', 'chart', 'Expectations', 'share', 'revenues', 'Germany', 'Performance', 'risks', 'instance', 'feedback', 'article', 'content', 'touch', 'editorial-team', 'simplywallst', 'nature', 'commentary', 'recommendation', 'stock', 'account', 'objectives', 'position', '1.']",2025-02-14,2025-02-14,finance.yahoo.com
48869,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/13/3026104/0/en/Euronext-publishes-Q4-and-full-year-2024-results.html,Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2024 results,Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2024 results  Euronext delivered double-digit revenue growth in 2024 thanks to its diversified revenue profile and......,"Euronext publishes Q4 and full year 2024 resultsEuronext delivered double-digit revenue growth in 2024 thanks to its diversified revenue profile and confirms the achievement of its 2024 targets. Euronext reached record adjusted EPS in 2024 through cost discipline and strategic capital allocation. 2025 will be a year of investment for innovation and growth.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 13 February 2025 – Euronext  the leading European capital market infrastructure  today publishes its results for the fourth quarter and full year 2024.Full year 2024 revenue and income was up +10.3% at €1 626.9 million: Non-volume related revenue and income represented 58% of total revenue and income (compared to 60% in 2023) and covered 153% of underlying operating expenses  excluding D&A0F 1 (vs. 145% in 2023): Custody and Settlement revenue grew to €270.5 million (+8.7%)  driven by higher assets under custody  dynamic settlement activity and strong growth of value-added services; Advanced Data Services revenue grew to €241.7 million (+7.5%)  driven by continued demand for fixed income trading data  power trading data and dynamic retail usage. Revenue was supported by the acquisition of GRSS  a leading provider of services to benchmark administrators; Listing revenue grew to €231.9 million (+5.1%)  despite headwinds from the NOK1F 2 depreciation. This reflects the continued strong performance of corporate solutions and resilient listing revenue. With 53 new equity listings and over 14 700 new bond listings in 2024  Euronext confirms its leading European position in equity listing and its worldwide leadership in debt listing; Technology Solutions reported €106.2 million of revenue (-3.4%)  reflecting the termination of Borsa Italiana legacy services in March 2024 following the migration to Optiq®.Trading revenue grew to €559.4 million (+14.2%)  driven by record results in fixed income  FX and power trading and solid growth in cash trading revenue;Clearing revenue grew to €144.3 million (+19.0%)  powered by the European expansion of Euronext Clearing  dynamic fixed income activity and the strong performance of commodities clearing. Net treasury income was at €56.8 million (+21.8%).Underlying operating expenses excluding D&A 1 were in line with the revised guidance of €620 million  at €620.5 million (+1.7% compared to 2023) . Cost discipline  synergies  and positive one-off items partly offset growth investments and acquisition impacts.. Cost discipline  synergies  and positive one-off items partly offset growth investments and acquisition impacts. Adjusted EBITDA 1 was €1 006.4 million (+16.4%) and adjusted EBITDA margin was 61.9% (+3.3pts).Adjusted net income 1 was €682.5 million (+16.7%) and adjusted EPS was €6.59 (+19.6%).Reported net income was €585.6 million (+14.0%)  despite the negative comparison base related to the €41.6 million capital gain received in 2023 for the disposal of Euronext’s 11.1% stake in LCH SA.despite the negative comparison base related to the €41.6 million capital gain received in 2023 for the disposal of Euronext’s 11.1% stake in LCH SA. Net debt to EBITDA 2F 3 was at 1.4x at the end of December 2024  within Euronext’s target range. Euronext’s S&P rating was upgraded to ‘A-  Stable Outlook’ in February 2025.2F Euronext’s S&P rating was upgraded to ‘A-  Stable Outlook’ in February 2025. Achievement of 2024 financial targets is confirmed. Euronext revenue reached +4.7% CAGR 2020PF-2024   above the +3% to +4% targeted. Euronext attained an adjusted EBITDA growth of +6.4% CAGR 2020PF-2024   above the +5% to +6% targeted.Euronext revenue reached +4.7% CAGR   above the +3% to +4% targeted. Euronext attained an adjusted EBITDA growth of +6.4% CAGR   above the +5% to +6% targeted. Key figures for full year 2024:In €m  unless stated otherwise 2024 2023 % var % var l-f-l3F4 Revenue and income 1 626.9 1 474.7 +10.3% +10.0% Underlying operational expenses excluding D&A2 (620.5) (610.0) +1.7% +1.0% Adjusted EBITDA 1 006.4 864.7 +16.4% +16.3% Adjusted EBITDA margin 61.9% 58.6% +3.3pts +3.4pts Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 585.6 513.6 +14.0% Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders 682.5 584.7 +16.7% Adjusted EPS (basic  in €) (share count differs between the two periods4F5) 6.59 5.51 +19.6% Reported EPS (basic  in €) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.65 4.84 +16.7% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in €) (share count differs between the two periods) 6.56 5.50 +19.3% Reported EPS (diluted  in €) (share count differs between the two periods) 5.63 4.83 +16.6%Dividend proposal to the 2025 Annual General MeetingA dividend of €292.8 million will be proposed to the Annual General Meeting on 15 May 2025. This represents 50% of 2024 reported net income  in line with Euronext’s dividend policy. This dividend represents an increase of +14.0% compared to 20235F6.Euronext continues its cost discipline and invests in strategic growthIn 2024  Euronext reported underlying expenses (excl. D&A) in line with the revised guidance of €620 million. This compares to an initial guidance of €625 million  which did not take into account the impact of any acquisitions executed over the course of 2024.2024 normalised underlying expenses (excl. D&A) were at approximately €640 million  taking into account approximately €8 million of positive one-off items and the full-year impact of bolt-on acquisitions.Euronext expects its total underlying expenses (excl. D&A) for 2025 to be around €670 million. Euronext expects its 2025 underlying expenses (excl. D&A) to be stable at around €640 million compared to 2024 normalised underlying expenses (excl. D&A)  as savings and synergies are expected to entirely offset inflationary impacts. In addition  Euronext plans to invest around 5% of its normalised underlying expenses (excl. D&A) to deliver strategic growth projects  as highlighted during the Investor Day on 8 November 2024.Progress with the delivery of “Innovate for Growth 2027” Euronext will accelerate the delivery of its power futures ambition with the contemplated acquisition of Nasdaq’s Nordic power futures business  announced on 28 January 2025. Euronext continues to leverage its clearing house to launch innovative derivatives products. Euronext will launch fixed income derivatives on major European government bonds  including the first-ever cash-settled mini futures in September 2025  delivering unparalleled accessibility and flexibility to investors. Euronext announced a strategic collaboration with Euroclear to enhance Euronext Clearing’s collateral management offering. This collaboration is a major enabler of Euronext’s ambition to expand its leading Italian repo clearing franchise to a large range of European government bonds.Stéphane Boujnah  Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Managing Board of Euronext  said:""In 2024  we delivered double-digit topline growth thanks to the solid performance of non-volume related activities  excellent performance of FICC trading  and the successful clearing expansion in Europe. For the first time  Euronext reached the significant threshold of over €1 billion in adjusted EBITDA  an increase of +16.4% compared to last year. Our notable adjusted net income growth of +16.7% compared to last year  to €682.5 million underscores our profitability and our robust financial health. Adjusted EPS (basic) was up +19.6% in 2024  at €6.59 per share  compared to €5.51 per share in 2023. This increase reflects Euronext’s strong performance and a lower number of outstanding shares over 2024 due to Euronext’s share repurchase programme.In 2024  Euronext achieved several key milestones that allowed us to expand our presence across the entire capital markets value chain  as we have finalised the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group. We have exceeded our 2024 financial targets for revenue and EBITDA growth. We have also strengthened our non-volume business with strategic acquisitions such as GRSS  Substantive Research  and Acupay.In 2025  we are building the foundations to achieve our 2027 growth targets and we are investing to innovate for growth. We have already begun with the announced acquisition of Nasdaq’s Nordic power futures business6F7. This addition will significantly contribute to the growth of our FICC trading and clearing business. We are pleased to announce the most significant innovation in financial derivatives in recent years  the launch of cash-settled mini futures on European government bonds. Finally  we have made a first major step in the expansion of our Repo clearing franchise through a strategic collaboration with Euroclear to enhance Euronext Clearing’s collateral management offering. Euronext has promising growth opportunities ahead  which will further reinforce our position as the leading capital market infrastructure in Europe.""2024 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseFY 2024 FY 2023 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 1 626.9 1 474.7 +10.3% +10.0% Listing 231.9 220.6 +5.1% +5.4% Trading revenue  of which 559.4 490.0 +14.2% +14.3% Cash trading 284.0 265.4 +7.0% +7.0% Derivatives trading 53.1 54.2 -2.0% -2.0% Fixed income trading 145.5 107.4 +35.5% +35.5% FX trading 31.7 25.6 +24.2% +24.2% Power trading 45.1 37.4 +20.4% +22.6% Investor Services 14.1 11.4 +24.2% +14.8% Advanced Data Services 241.7 224.8 +7.5% +5.3% Post-Trade  of which 414.7 370.2 +12.0% +11.9% Clearing 144.3 121.3 +19.0% +19.0% Custody and Settlement 270.5 248.9 +8.7% +8.8% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 106.2 109.9 -3.4% -3.3% NTI through CCP business 56.8 46.7 +21.8% +21.8% Other income 2.0 1.4 +45.5% +44.5% Transitional revenues - (0.2) N/A N/A Underlying operational expenses excl. D&A (620.5) (610.0) +1.7% +1.0% Adjusted EBITDA 1 006.4 864.7 +16.4% +16.3% Adjusted EBITDA margin 61.9% 58.6% +3.3pts +3.4pts Operating expenses excl. D&A (651.3) (688.3) -5.4% +1.0% EBITDA 975.6 786.4 +24.1% +9.9% Depreciation & Amortisation (188.7) (170.1) +10.9% +11.2% Total Expenses (incl. D&A) (840.1) (858.5) -2.1% -2.6% Adjusted operating profit 922.9 790.4 +16.8% +16.7% Operating Profit 786.8 616.2 +27.7% Net financing income / (expense) 17.5 (0.2) Results from equity investments 34.7 83.1 -58.3% Profit before income tax 839.1 699.1 +20.0% Income tax expense (218.4) (162.7) +34.2% Share of non-controlling interests (35.1) (22.8) +53.7% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 585.6 513.6 +14.0% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders7F8 682.5 584.7 +16.7% Adjusted EPS (basic  in €) 6.59 5.51 +19.6% Reported EPS (basic  in €) 5.65 4.84 +16.7% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in €) 6.56 5.50 +19.3% Reported EPS (diluted  in €) 5.63 4.83 +16.6%Share count differs between the two periods.2024 revenue and incomeIn 2024  Euronext’s revenue and income was €1 626.9 million  up +10.3% compared to 2023. This resulted from solid organic growth in non-volume related businesses  a dynamic trading environment across asset classes  and the positive contribution of the Euronext Clearing European expansion.On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext consolidated revenue and income was up +10.0% in 2024  at €1 618.2 million  compared to 2023.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 58% of underlying Group revenue in 2024  compared to 60% in 2023. This reflects the strong growth in trading and post-trade revenue  and solid performance of non-volume-related revenue. Non-volume-related revenue covered 153% of underlying operating expenses excluding D&A  compared to 145% in 2023.2024 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased slightly to €620.5 million  up +1.7%  in line with the revised guidance of €620 million  and lower than the initial guidance of €625 million. Cost discipline  FX impacts and positive one-offs (around €8.3 million) partly offset growth investments and acquisitions impacts.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +1.0% compared to 2023  which highlights the impact of acquisitions on a reported basis.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the year totalled €1 006.4 million  up +16.4% compared to 2023. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 61.9%  up +3.3 points compared to 2023. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for 2024 was up +16.3%  to €1 003.2 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 62.0%  up +3.4 points compared to 2023.2024 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €188.7 million in 2024  up +10.9%  resulting from migration projects and acquisitions. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €81.2 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.2024 adjusted operating profit was €922.9 million  up +16.8% compared to 2023 adjusted operating profit.€136.1 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in 2024  related to the implementation of the ‘Growth for Impact 2024’ strategic plan and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing income for 2024 was €17.5 million  compared to a net financing expense of €0.2 million in 2023. This increase resulted from higher interest income due to higher interest rates and strong cash generation  offsetting the cost of debt in 2024.Results from equity investments amounted to €34.7 million in 2024  including €23.4 million of dividend received from Euroclear and the €10.1 million of dividend earned from Sicovam. In 2023  Euronext reported €83.1 million of results from equity investments. This was a result of the capital gain on the disposal of Euronext’s stake in LCH SA and the disposal of Euronext’s investment in Tokeny  as well as the dividend received from Euroclear and Sicovam.Income tax for 2024 was €218.4 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 26.0% for 2024. In 2023  the income tax rate was 23.3%  positively impacted by non-taxable income. Income tax amounted to €162.7 million.Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €35.1 million in 2024.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  increased by +14.0% for 2024 compared to 2023  to €585.6 million. This represents a reported EPS of €5.65 basic and €5.63 diluted in 2024  compared to €4.84 basic and €4.83 diluted in 2023. This increase reflects the strong results and a lower number of shares over 2024 compared to 2023.Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was up +16.7% to €682.5 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was up +19.6% in 2024  at €6.59 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €5.51 per share in 2023.The weighted number of shares used over 2024 was 103 578 980 for the basic calculation and 103 983 870 for the diluted calculation  compared to 106 051 799 and 106 376 338 respectively over 2023.In 2024  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €708.6 million  compared to €826.1 million in 2023. The difference results from higher profit before tax  higher income tax  lower results from equity investments and negative changes in working capital. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 72.3% of EBITDA in 2024.2024 business highlightsListingIn €m  unless stated otherwise FY 2024 FY 2023 % change Revenue 231.9 220.6 +5.1% Equity 106.6 105.1 +1.4% o/w Annual fees 72.4 69.0 +5.0% o/w Follow-ons 18.7 20.8 -10.1% o/w IPOs 15.5 15.4 +0.9% Debts 40.4 36.0 +12.2% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 24.0 23.3 +3.0% Corporate Solutions 50.3 45.4 +10.7% ELITE and Other 10.2 10.8 -5.8%Money raised (€m) FY 2024 FY 2023 % change Equity listings 3 840 2 481 +54.8% Follow-ons 15 782 20 177 -21.8% Bonds 1 190 154 1 156 035 +3.0% Listed securities FY 2024 FY 2023 % change New equity listings over the period 53 64 -17.2%Money raised from follow-ons has been restated for previous periods.Listing revenue was €231.9 million in 2024  an increase of +5.1% compared to 2023  driven by the resilience of the offering and sustained leadership in listing  partially offset by the NOK depreciation.Euronext recorded 33% of equity listings in Europe8F9 with 53 new equity listings.Euronext Corporate Solutions revenue grew by +10.7% compared to 2023 to €50.3 million  thanks to a strong performance of the SaaS and advisory offering.Debt listing revenue grew by +12.2% compared to 2023 to €40.4 million  driven by dynamic bond issuance activity.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +5.4% compared to 2023.Trading Cash tradingFY 2024 FY 2023 % change Cash trading revenue (€m) 284.0 265.4 +7.0% ADV Cash market (€m) 10 405 10 053 +3.5%Cash trading revenue increased by +7.0% to €284.0 million in 2024  supported by efficient yield management and higher volumes.Over the year  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.53 bps  up from 0.52 bps in 2023 despite continued high order sizes. Euronext market share of cash trading averaged 64.8% in 2024.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was up +7.0%.Derivatives tradingFY 2024 FY 2023 % change Derivatives trading revenue (€m) 53.1 54.2 -2.0% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 619 833 619 244 +0.1% ADV Equity & Index derivatives (in lots) 503 506 528 368 -4.7% ADV Commodity derivatives (in lots) 116 328 90 876 +28.0%Derivatives trading revenue decreased by -2.0% to €53.1 million in 2024  reflecting the continuing trend of lower volatility for equity and index derivatives  offset by very dynamic commodity trading. Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.33 per lot for the year. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was down -2.0% in 2024 compared to 2023.Fixed income tradingFY 2024 FY 2023 % change Fixed income trading revenue (€m) 145.5 107.4 +35.5% o/w MTS Cash 103.1 67.1 +53.7% o/w MTS Repo 26.5 25.2 +4.9% ADV MTS Cash (€m) 37 021 23 026 +60.8% TAADV MTS Repo (€m) 483 247 436 039 +10.8% ADV other fixed income (€m) 1 612 1 266 +27.4%Fixed income revenue reached €145.5 million in 2024  up +35.5% compared to 2023. MTS Cash reached record results  driven by strategic positioning of the solutions provided to market participants and issuers and favourable market conditions. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was up +35.5% compared to 2023.FX tradingFY 2024 FY 2023 % change Spot FX trading revenue (€m) 31.7 25.6 +24.2% ADV spot FX Market (in $m) 26 493 22 450 +18.0%FX trading revenue was €31.7 million in 2024  up +24.2% compared to 2023. This reflects growing volumes  bolstered by a favourable volatility environment and commercial expansion. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +24.2% compared to 2023.Power tradingFY 2024 FY 2023 % change Power trading revenue (€m) 45.1 37.4 +20.4% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.74 2.74 +0.3% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.31 0.20 +55.0%Power trading revenue reached €45.1 million in 2024  up +20.4% compared to 2023  reflecting continued strong growth of intraday volumes. This strong result was partially offset by the depreciation of the NOK. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +22.6% compared to 2023.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported €14.1 million revenue in 2024  representing a +24.2% increase compared to 2023  supported by continued commercial expansion and the contribution of Substantive Research  acquired on 17 September 2024. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +14.8% compared to 2023.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services revenue reached €241.7 million in 2024  up +7.5% from 2023  driven by continued demand for fixed-income and power trading data and dynamic retail usage. It was also supported by the contribution of GRSS  acquired as announced on 3 June 2024  and rapid expansion of advanced data solutions. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +5.3% compared to 2023.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise FY 2024 FY 2023 % change Post-trade revenue (excl. NTI) 414.7 370.2 +12.0% Clearing 144.3 121.3 +19.0% o/w Revenue from LCH SA 62.8 71.8 -12.5% o/w Revenue from Euronext Clearing 81.5 49.5 +64.5% o/w Derivatives 18.1 5.6 +221.2% o/w Equities 24.4 16.6 +47.1% o/w Bonds 14.9 13.6 +10.0% o/w Other 24.1 13.7 +75.8% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 270.5 248.9 +8.7%ClearingNumber of transactions and lots cleared FY 2024 FY 2023 % change Shares (number of contracts – single counted) 234 777 332 83 486 969 +181.2% Bonds – Wholesale (nominal value in €bn – double counted) 29 717 27 177 +9.3% Bonds – Retail (number of contracts – double counted) 15 133 264 13 732 528 +10.2% Derivatives9F10 65 536 847 25 244 669 +159.6%Clearing revenue was up +19.0% to €144.3 million in 2024  reflecting the successful and timely execution of the last steps of the pan-Europeanisation of Euronext Clearing. Non-volume related clearing revenue (including membership fees  treasury income received from LCH SA prior to the migration) accounted for €41.9 million of the total clearing revenue in 2024. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +19.0% compared to 2023.Net treasury incomeNet treasury income for Euronext Clearing was at €56.8 million in 2024  up +21.8% compared to 2023. The increase was driven by higher collateral following the completion of the derivatives clearing migration on 7 September 2024 and a positive comparison base in Q1 2023 due to the disposal of the Euronext Clearing portfolio.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesEuronext Securities activity FY 2024 FY 2023 % change Number of settlement instructions over the period 134 287 470 123 587 470 +7.8% Assets under Custody (in €bn)  end of period 7 065 6 663 +6.0%Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities was €270.5 million in 2024  posting a strong growth of +8.7% compared to 2023. This reflects growing assets under custody  dynamic issuance activities and higher settlement activity. Euronext Securities’ value-added services business continued to post strong growth  supported by the acquisition of Acupay as announced on 2 October 2024. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +8.8% compared to 2023.Technology Solutions and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue was €106.2 million in 2024  down -3.4% from 2023  reflecting the termination of double-run connectivity revenues and Borsa Italiana legacy services following the migration to Optiq®  passing on synergies to clients. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was down -3.3% compared to 2023.Q4 2024 financial performanceIn €m  unless stated otherwiseQ4 2024 Q4 2023 % var % var(like-for-like  constant currencies) Revenue and income 415.8 374.1 +11.1% +9.9% Listing 59.4 56.2 +5.8% +5.9% Trading revenue  of which 141.4 124.5 +13.5% +13.5% Cash trading 70.9 64.1 +10.6% +10.6% Derivatives trading 12.9 12.8 +0.3% +0.3% Fixed income trading 37.8 30.6 +23.7% +23.7% FX trading 8.5 6.7 +27.7% +26.4% Power trading 11.3 10.4 +8.8% +10.1% Investor Services 4.2 3.0 +39.8% +13.0% Advanced Data Services 61.1 56.1 +8.9% +4.8% Post Trade  of which 102.8 94.6 +8.6% +7.0% Clearing 32.9 32.3 +1.8% +1.8% Custody and Settlement 69.9 62.3 +12.2% +10.1% Euronext Technology Solutions & Other 28.4 27.6 +3.1% +3.2% NTI through CCP business 17.9 11.7 +53.3% +53.3% Other income 0.6 0.5 +37.5% +0.0% Underlying operational expenses excl. D&A (163.2) (157.8) +3.4% +1.1% Adjusted EBITDA 252.6 216.3 +16.7% +16.4% Adjusted EBITDA margin 60.7% 57.8% +2.9pts +3.4pts Operating expenses excl. D&A (174.4) (173.3) +0.6% -1.5% EBITDA 241.4 200.8 +20.2% +19.8% Depreciation & Amortisation (49.6) (45.6) +8.7% +8.6% Total Expenses (incl. D&A) (224.0) (218.9) +2.3% +0.6% Adjusted operating profit 231.1 196.3 +17.7% +17.3% Operating Profit 191.8 155.2 +23.6% Net financing income / (expense) 6.5 4.7 +38.2% Results from equity investments 10.1 17.0 -40.8% Profit before income tax 208.4 176.9 +17.8% Income tax expense (55.5) (40.0) +38.8% Share of non-controlling interests (8.2) (6.4) +29.2% Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 144.6 130.6 +10.8% Adjusted Net income  share of the parent company shareholders10F11 172.3 148.2 +16.3% Adjusted EPS (basic  in €) 1.66 1.42 +16.9% Reported EPS (basic  in €) 1.40 1.25 +12.0% Adjusted EPS (diluted  in €) 1.66 1.41 +17.7% Reported EPS (diluted  in €) 1.39 1.24 +12.1%Share count differs between the two periodsQ4 2024 revenue and incomeIn Q4 2024  Euronext’s revenue and income amounted to €415.8 million  up +11.1% compared to Q4 2023  driven by record performance in fixed income trading  robust results in non-volume related businesses and the positive contribution of the Euronext Clearing European expansion at the end of November 2023.On a like-for-like basis and at constant currencies  Euronext revenue and income were up +9.9% in Q4 2024 compared to Q4 2023  to €411.1 million.Non-volume related revenue accounted for 59% of Group revenue in Q4 2024  compared to 60% in Q4 2023  reflecting continued strong performance of trading and post-trade in Q4 2024. The underlying operating expenses excluding D&A coverage by non-volume related revenue ratio was at 151% in Q4 2024  compared to 141% in Q4 2023.Q4 2024 adjusted EBITDAUnderlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +3.4% to €163.2 million  reflecting investments in growth and the impact of acquisitions. On a like-for-like basis  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation increased by +1.1% compared to Q4 2023  reflecting mainly the impact of acquisitions on a reported basis.Consequently  adjusted EBITDA for the quarter totalled €252.6 million  up +16.7% compared to Q4 2023. This represents an adjusted EBITDA margin of 60.7%  up +2.9 points compared to Q4 2023. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted EBITDA for Q4 2024 was up +16.4%  to €251.5 million  and adjusted EBITDA margin was 61.2%  up +3.4 points compared to the same perimeter in Q4 2023.Q4 2024 net income  share of the parent company shareholdersDepreciation and amortisation accounted for €49.6 million in Q4 2024  +8.7% more than in Q4 2023 due to the impact of migration projects and acquisitions. PPA related to acquired businesses accounted for €20.7 million and is included in depreciation and amortisation.Adjusted operating profit was €231.1 million  up +17.7% compared to Q4 2023. On a like-for-like basis  adjusted operating profit was up +17.3% compared to Q4 2023  at €230.1 million.€39.3 million of non-underlying expenses  including depreciation and amortisation  were reported in Q4 2024  related to the final steps of the Borsa Italiana Group integration and the PPA of acquired businesses.Net financing income for Q4 2024 was €6.5 million  compared to €4.7 million in Q4 2023. This increase results from higher interest income due to higher interest rates and strong cash generation  offsetting the cost of debt.Results from equity investments amounted to €10.1 million in Q4 2024  representing the dividend received from Sicovam. As a reminder  in Q4 2023  Euronext reported €17.0 million of results from equity investments due to the capital gain related to the disposal of the stake in Tokeny and the dividend received from Sicovam.Income tax for Q4 2024 was €55.5 million. This translated into an effective tax rate of 26.6% for the quarter. (Q4 2023: €40.0 million and 22.6% respectively  reflecting the positive impact of the tax-exempted one-off capital gain from the disposal of the Tokeny stake).Share of non-controlling interests mainly relating to the Borsa Italiana Group and Nord Pool amounted to €8.2 million in Q4 2024.As a result  the reported net income  share of the parent company shareholders  increased by +10.8% for Q4 2024 compared to Q4 2023  to €144.6 million. This represents a reported EPS of €1.40 basic and €1.39 diluted in Q4 2024  compared to €1.25 basic and €1.24 diluted in Q4 2023. Adjusted net income  share of the parent company shareholders was up +16.3% to €172.3 million. Adjusted EPS (basic) was up +16.9% in Q4 2024  at €1.66 per share  compared to an adjusted EPS (basic) of €1.42 per share in Q4 2023. This increase reflects higher profit and a lower number of outstanding shares over the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to the fourth quarter of 2023.The weighted number of shares used over 2024 was 103 578 980 for the basic calculation and 103 983 870 for the diluted calculation  compared to 106 051 799 and 106 376 338 respectively over 2023.In Q4 2024  Euronext reported a net cash flow from operating activities of €175.0 million  compared to €194.5 million in Q4 2023  reflecting negative changes in working capital from short-term movement in outstanding power sales customers’ and suppliers’ invoices related to Nord Pool CCP activities and higher income tax. Excluding the impact on working capital from Euronext Clearing and Nord Pool CCP activities  net cash flow from operating activities accounted for 64.3% of EBITDA in Q4 2024.Q4 2024 business highlightsListingin €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2024 Q4 2023 % change Listing revenue 59.4 56.2 +5.8% Equity 26.6 26.6 -0.1% o/w Annual fees 18.0 17.1 +5.2% o/w Follow-ons 4.6 5.8 -19.2% o/w IPOs 3.9 3.7 +4.6% Debts 9.8 9.1 +7.7% ETFs  Funds & Warrants 6.1 5.9 +3.5% Corporate Solutions 14.0 12.3 +13.6% ELITE and Other 2.9 2.2 +31.9%Listing revenue was €59.4 million in Q4 2024  an increase of +5.8% compared to Q4 2023 driven by dynamic listing and follow-on activity and strong performance of corporate solutions  partially offset by the depreciation of the NOK.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  listing revenue increased by +5.9% compared to Q4 2023.Money raised (€m) Q4 2024 Q4 2023 % change Equity listings 164 247 -33.7% Follow-ons 2 556 6 667 -61.7% Bonds 244 356 290 524 -15.9%Listed securities Q4 2024 Q4 2023 % change New equity listings over the period 16 13 +23.1% Number of ETFs listed  end of period 4 018 3 821 +5.2% Number of Bonds listed  end of period 55 804 55 098 +1.3%Euronext ranked as the leading listing venue in Europe with 30% of European listings. Equity listing revenue was solid at €26.6 million.Euronext Corporate Solutions revenue grew +13.6% compared to Q4 2023 to a new record level of €14.0 million  resulting from the strong performance of its SaaS products and events.Debt listing activity was strong with revenue at €9.8 million  supported by dynamic bond listing activity and favourable market conditions.Trading Cash tradingQ4 2024 Q4 2023 % change Cash trading revenue (€m) 70.9 64.1 +10.6% ADV Cash market11F (€m) 10 545 9 558 +10.3%Cash trading revenue increased by +10.6% to €70.9 million in Q4 2024  driven by a more positively geared volume environment.Over the fourth quarter of 2024  Euronext cash trading yield was 0.52 bps  reflecting more dynamic volumes and high average order sizes. Euronext market share on cash trading averaged 64.4% in Q4 2024.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  cash trading revenue was up +10.6%.Derivatives tradingQ4 2024 Q4 2023 % change Derivatives trading revenue (€m) 12.9 12.8 +0.3% ADV Derivatives market (in lots) 580 555 598 894 -3.1% ADV Equity derivatives (in lots) 463 920 506 716 -8.4% ADV Commodity derivatives (in lots) 116 634 92 178 +26.5%Derivatives trading revenue increased by +0.3% to €12.9 million in Q4 2024. The strong performance of Euronext commodity derivatives  supported by new product launches  partly offset the continued low volatility environment for equity derivatives. Euronext revenue capture on derivatives trading was €0.35 per lot for the fourth quarter of 2024.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  derivatives trading revenue was up +0.3% in Q4 2024 compared to Q4 2023.Fixed income tradingQ4 2024 Q4 2023 % change Fixed income trading revenue (€m) 37.8 30.6 +23.7% o/w MTS Cash 27.0 19.6 +37.8% o/w MTS Repo 6.7 6.3 +5.9% ADV MTS Cash (€m) 39 381 27 741 +42.0% TAADV MTS Repo (€m) 516 173 469 134 +10.0% ADV other fixed income (€m) 1 656 1 504 +10.1%Fixed income recorded record revenue at €37.8 million in Q4 2024  up +23.7% compared to Q4 2023  reflecting record quarterly volumes in MTS Cash and Repo driven by an economic environment favouring money markets and supportive volatility  and strong growth in repo and other fixed income trading.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  fixed income trading revenue was up +23.7% compared to Q4 2023.FX tradingQ4 2024 Q4 2023 % change Spot FX trading revenue (€m) 8.5 6.7 +27.7% ADV spot FX Market (in $m) 26 475 23 943 +10.6%FX trading revenue was €8.5 million in Q4 2024  up +27.7% compared to Q4 2023 thanks to favourable market volatility and commercial expansion.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  FX trading revenue was up +26.4% compared to Q4 2023.Power tradingQ4 2024 Q4 2023 % change Power trading revenue (€m) 11.3 10.4 +8.8% ADV Day-ahead power market (in TWH) 2.99 3.10 -3.4% ADV Intraday power market (in TWH) 0.32 0.25 +27.1%Power trading revenue reached €11.3 million in Q4 2024  up +8.8% compared to Q4 2023  reflecting continued strong growth in intraday volumes and lower day-ahead volumes due to milder temperatures.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  power trading revenue was up +10.1% compared to Q4 2023. This reflects the negative impact from the NOK depreciation on a reported basis.Investor ServicesInvestor Services reported €4.2 million revenue in Q4 2024  up +39.8% compared to Q4 2023  resulting from continued commercial expansion and the full-quarter contribution from Substantive Research  acquired as announced in September 2024.On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Investor Services revenue was up +13.0% compared to Q4 2023.Advanced Data ServicesAdvanced Data Services revenue was €61.1 million in Q4 2024  up +8.9% from Q4 2023  driven by a solid performance of the core data business  solid demand for analytic products and diversified datasets and from retail investors. It also reflects the positive contribution of GRSS  acquired as announced in June 2024. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Advanced Data Services revenue was up +4.8% compared to Q4 2023.Post Tradein €m  unless stated otherwise Q4 2024 Q4 2023 % change Post-trade revenue (excl. NTI) 102.8 94.6 +8.6% Clearing 32.9 32.3 +1.8% o/w Revenue from LCH SA - 17.8 o/w Revenue from Euronext Clearing 32.9 14.6 +126.2% o/w Derivatives 14.3 1.4 +940.3% o/w Equities 6.4 5.2 +21.9% o/w Bonds 3.8 3.7 +3.4% o/w Other 8.4 4.2 +98.5% Net treasury income through CCP business 17.9 11.7 +53.3% Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities 69.9 62.3 +12.2%ClearingNumber of transactions and lots cleared Q4 2024 Q4 2023 % change Shares (#contracts – single counted) 60 645 852 30 675 375 +97.7% Bonds – Wholesale (nominal value in €bn – double counted) 7 580 7 118 +6.5% Bonds – Retail (# contracts – double counted) 4 340 444 3 888 898 +11.6% Derivatives (# contracts – single counted) 37 154 815 5 691 338 +552.8%Clearing revenue was up +1.8% to €32.9 million in Q4 2024  reflecting the increase in equity clearing volumes following the expansion of Euronext Clearing in November 2023  as well as dynamic commodity and retail bond clearing volumes  offset by the low volatility environment for equity derivatives. Euronext has internalised the clearing and net treasury income related to its derivatives flows in September 2024. Euronext therefore no longer receives revenue and net treasury income from LCH SA  previously recorded under non-volume related clearing revenue. Non-volume related clearing revenue  mostly related to membership fees  accounted for €8.4 million of the total clearing revenue in Q4 2024. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  clearing revenue was up +1.8% compared to Q4 2023.Net treasury incomeNet treasury income amounted to €17.9 million in Q4 2024. The +53.3% increase compared to Q4 2023 reflects the increased level of cash collateral posted to the CCP following the migration of derivatives clearing for all Euronext markets to Euronext Clearing.Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activitiesEuronext Securities activity Q4 2024 Q4 2023 % change Number of settlement instructions over the period 34 122 913 30 507 967 +11.8% Assets under Custody (in €bn)  end of period 7 065 6 663 +6.0%Revenue from Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade activities was €69.9 million in Q4 2024  up +12.2% compared to Q4 2023  reflecting higher assets under custody  a growing number of settlement instructions and continued growth of the services offering  supported by the acquisition of Acupay on 2 October 2024. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Custody  Settlement and other Post-Trade revenue was up +10.1% compared to Q4 2023.Technology Solutions and Other revenueEuronext Technologies and Other revenue grew to €28.4 million in Q4 2024  up +3.1% from Q4 2023  supported by Technology Solutions provided through Nord Pool and the launch of Euronext Wireless Network in July 2024  which offset the termination of Borsa Italiana legacy services following the migration of Italian markets to Optiq®. On a like-for-like basis at constant currencies  Euronext Technologies and Other revenue was up +3.2% compared to Q4 2023.Corporate highlights since 1 January 2025Euronext to acquire Nasdaq’s Nordic power futures businessOn 28 January 2025  Euronext and Nasdaq announced the signing of a binding agreement under which Euronext will acquire Nasdaq’s Nordic power futures business  subject to receipt of applicable regulatory approvals.The agreement entails the transfer of existing open positions in Nasdaq’s Nordic power derivatives  currently held in Nasdaq Clearing  to Euronext Clearing  with approval of the members. Trading of power futures will be operated from Euronext Amsterdam and will be cleared through Euronext Clearing. Nasdaq Clearing AB  Nasdaq Oslo ASA  and their respective infrastructure are not included in the sale. Nasdaq will continue to operate its European Markets Services business and multi-asset clearing house.The anticipated combination of Euronext Nord Pool’s market initiative with Nasdaq’s Nordic power futures business is fully aligned with Euronext’s “Innovate for Growth 2027” strategic priority to expand in power and accelerates the delivery of Euronext’s power futures ambitions. The transaction complies with Euronext’s capital allocation policy and will be fully financed with existing cash.Euronext upgraded to A-  stable outlook  by S&POn 3 February 2025  Euronext welcomed the decision of S&P to upgrade Euronext from ‘BBB+  Positive Outlook’ to ‘A-  Stable Outlook’.S&P’s decision reflects the completion of the integration of the Borsa Italiana Group  the successful expansion of Euronext Clearing and the continued deleveraging thanks to the Group's strong cash flow generation.Ongoing share buyback programmeOn 7 November 2024  Euronext announced a share repurchase programme for a maximum amount of €300 million. This programme is enabled by Euronext’s strong cash generation capabilities and demonstrates Euronext’s rigorous capital allocation strategy. Weekly reporting updates about the share repurchase programme are being published in the Share Buyback Programme section of our website. As of 7 February 2025  a total of 1 821 023 shares had been repurchased  representing 65.3% of the repurchase programme.Fixed income derivatives status updateEuronext announces the launch of fixed income derivatives on major European government bonds  marking a significant innovation in financial derivatives. This new offering includes the first-ever mini futures to be cash-settled on European government bonds  designed to provide greater accessibility and flexibility for retail investors  asset managers  and private investors. Powered by the Optiq® trading platform and supported by dedicated market makers and Euronext Clearing  these derivatives will be introduced on the Euronext Derivatives Milan market in September 2025.Euronext volumes for January 2025In January 2025  the average daily transaction value on the Euronext cash order book stood at €11 538 million  up 23.1% compared to the same period last year. The overall average daily volume on Euronext derivatives stood at 606 267 lots  up +5.1%% compared to January 2024  and the open interest was 23 064 793 contracts at the end of January 2025  up +4.5% compared to January 2024. The average daily volume on Euronext FX’s spot foreign exchange market stood at $27.7 billion  up +11.2% compared to the same period last year.MTS Cash average daily volumes were up +57.5% to €50.8 billion in January 2025  MTS Repo term adjustedaverage daily volume stood at €467.6 billion  up +3.5% compared to the same period last year.Euronext Clearing cleared 23 472 063 shares in January 2025  +20.9% compared to January 2024. €2 782.6 billion of wholesale bonds were cleared in January 2025 (double counted)  up +2.8% compared to the same period in 2024. 1 464 522 bond retail contracts were cleared in January 2025 (double counted)  up +11.9% compared to January 2024. The number of derivatives contracts cleared was 13 337 872  +606.4% compared to January 2024 (single counted). This strong increase is due to the fact that the commodity derivatives of Euronext legacy markets have been integrated following the Euronext Clearing expansion that occurred on 15 July 2024  and financial derivatives of Euronext legacy markets have been integrated following the Euronext Clearing expansion that occurred on 9 September 2024. Euronext Securities reported 13 048 702 settlement instructions in January 2025  up +14.9% compared to the same period last year. The total Assets Under Custody reached over €7 trillion in January 2025  up +7.2%.Euronext announces strategic collaboration with Euroclear to enhance Euronext Clearing’s collateral management offeringOn 11 February 2025  Euronext announced a new collaboration with Euroclear to support the development of Euronext Clearing’s collateral management services for repo and other asset classes. This collaboration is a first major step to enable Euronext’s ambition to expand its leading Italian repo clearing franchise to a large range of European government bonds bringing an efficient value offering to European and international clients. This collaboration will pave the way for the rollout of Euronext’s new repo clearing offering in June 2025  enabling the onboarding of clients including international banks  with an updated risk framework. Clients will be able to use Euroclear as a triparty agent for repo clearing.AgendaA conference call and a webcast will be held on 14 February 2025  at 09:00 CET (Paris time) / 08:00 GMT (London time):Conference call:To connect to the conference call  please dial:UK Number: +44 33 0551 0200 NO Number: +47 2 156 3318 FR Number: +33 1 70 37 71 66 PT Number: +351 3 0880 2081 NL Number: +31 20 708 5073 IR Number: +353 1 436 0959 US Number: +1 786 697 3501 IT Number: +39 06 8336 0400 BE Number: +32 2 789 8603 DE Number: +49 30 3001 90612Password: EuronextLive webcast:For the live audio webcast go to: Euronext Q4/FY 2024 ResultsThe webcast will be available for replay after the call at the webcast link and on the Euronext Investor Relations webpage.ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.comInvestor Relations Aurélie Cohen Judith Stein +33 6 15 23 91 97MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.comEurope Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45 Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Belgium Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01 France  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45 Ireland Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italy Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56 The Netherlands Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33 Norway Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10 Portugal Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97 Corporate Solutions Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44About EuronextEuronext is the leading European capital market infrastructure  covering the entire capital markets value chain  from listing  trading  clearing  settlement and custody  to solutions for issuers and investors. Euronext runs MTS  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets  and Nord Pool  the European power market. Euronext also provides clearing and settlement services through Euronext Clearing and its Euronext Securities CSDs in Denmark  Italy  Norway  and Portugal.As of December 2024  Euronext’s regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway  and Portugal host over 1 800 listed issuers with around €6 trillion in market capitalisation  a strong blue-chip franchise and the largest global centre for debt and fund listings. With a diverse domestic and international client base  Euronext handles 25% of European lit equity trading. Its products include equities  FX  ETFs  bonds  derivatives  commodities and indices.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on X and LinkedIn .DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. The figures in this document have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2025  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.AppendixThe figures in this appendix have not been audited or reviewed by our external auditor.Non-IFRS financial measuresFor comparative purposes  the company provides unaudited non-IFRS measures including:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation  underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA  EBITDA margin  adjusted EBITDA  adjusted EBITDA margin.Non-IFRS measures are defined as follows:Operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses;Underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation as the total of salary and employee benefits  and other operational expenses  excluding non-recurring costs;Underlying revenue and income as the total of revenue and income  excluding non-recurring revenue and income;Non-underlying items as items of revenue  income and expense that are material by their size and/or that are infrequent and unusual by their nature or incidence are not considered to be recurring in the normal course of business and are classified as non-underlying items on the face of the income statement within their relevant category in order to provide further understanding of the ongoing sustainable performance of the Group. These items can include: integration or double-run costs of significant projects  restructuring costs and costs related to acquisitions that change the perimeter of the Group; one-off finance costs  gains or losses on sale of subsidiaries and impairments of investments; amortisation and impairment of intangible assets which are recognised as a result of acquisitions and mostly comprising customer relationships  brand names and software that were identified during purchase price allocation (PPA); tax related to non-underlying items.Adjusted operating profit as the operating profit adjusted for any non-underlying revenue and income and non-underlying costs  including PPA of acquired businesses;EBITDA as the operating profit before depreciation and amortisation;Adjusted EBITDA as the adjusted operating profit before depreciation and amortisation adjusted for any non-underlying operational expenses excluding depreciation and amortisation;EBITDA margin as EBITDA divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA  divided by total revenue and income;Adjusted net income  as the net income  share of the parent company shareholders  adjusted for any non-underlying items and related tax impact.Non-IFRS financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable IFRS measures and should be read only in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.Non-volume related revenue definitionNon-volume related revenue includes Listing excluding IPOs  Advanced Data Services  Custody & Settlement and other Post-Trade  fixed revenue from Clearing activities (including for instance NTI and membership fees)  Investor Services  Technology Solutions  Other Income and Transitional Revenue.Adjusted EPS definitionQ4 2024 Q4 2023 FY 2024 FY 2023 Net income reported 144.6 130.6 585.6 513.6 EPS reported 1.40 1.25 5.65 4.84 Adjustments of which Operating expenses excl. D&A (11.2) (15.5) (30.9) (78.3) of which Depreciation and amortisation (28.1) (25.6) (105.2) (95.9) of which Net financing expense - - - (0.2) of which results from equity investments - 11.4 1.2 53.0 of which Minority interest 1.1 1.1 2.5 4.1 Tax related to adjustments 10.5 11.1 35.5 46.2 Adjusted net income 172.3 148.2 682.5 584.7 Adjusted EPS 1.66 1.42 6.59 5.51Consolidated income statementQ4 2024 Q4 2023 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 415.8 - 415.8 374.1 - 374.1 Listing 59.4 - 59.4 56.2 - 56.2 Trading revenue  of which 141.4 - 141.4 124.5 - 124.5 Cash trading 70.9 - 70.9 64.1 - 64.1 Derivatives trading 12.9 - 12.9 12.8 - 12.8 Fixed income trading 37.8 - 37.8 30.6 - 30.6 FX trading 8.5 - 8.5 6.7 - 6.7 Power trading 11.3 - 11.3 10.4 - 10.4 Investor services 4.2 - 4.2 3.0 - 3.0 Advanced data services 61.1 - 61.1 56.1 - 56.1 Post Trade  of which 102.8 - 102.8 94.6 - 94.6 Clearing 32.9 - 32.9 32.3 - 32.3 Custody & Settlement and other 69.9 - 69.9 62.3 - 62.3 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 28.4 - 28.4 27.6 - 27.6 Net Financing Income through CCP business 17.9 - 17.9 11.7 - 11.7 Other income 0.6 - 0.6 0.5 - 0.5 Operating expenses excluding D&A (163.2) (11.2) (174.4) (157.8) (15.5) (173.3) Salaries and employee benefits (90.0) (5.4) (95.4) (85.6) (7.8) (93.3) Other operational expenses  of which (73.2) (5.8) (79.0) (72.2) (7.8) (80.0) System & communication (25.7) (0.1) (25.8) (23.1) (2.0) (25.1) Professional services (15.5) (4.8) (20.3) (12.8) (4.7) (17.5) Clearing expense (0.4) - (0.4) (8.8) - (8.8) Accommodation (4.1) (0.1) (4.2) (6.0) (0.2) (6.2) Other operational expenses (27.6) (0.8) (28.4) (21.5) (0.9) (22.3) EBITDA 252.6 (11.2) 241.4 216.3 (15.5) 200.8 EBITDA margin 60.7% 58.1% 57.8% 53.7% Depreciation & amortisation (21.5) (28.1) (49.6) (20.0) (25.6) (45.6) Total expenses (184.7) (39.3) (224.0) (177.8) (41.1) (218.9) Operating profit 231.1 (39.3) 191.8 196.3 (41.1) 155.2 Net financing income / (expense) 6.5 - 6.5 4.7 - 4.7 Results from equity investment 10.1 - 10.1 5.6 11.4 17.0 Profit before income tax 247.7 (39.3) 208.4 206.6 (29.7) 176.9 Income tax expense (66.0) 10.5 (55.5) (51.0) 11.1 (40.0) Non-controlling interests (9.3) 1.1 (8.2) (7.4) 1.1 (6.4) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 172.3 (27.7) 144.6 148.2 (17.6) 130.6 EPS (basic  in €) 1.66 1.40 1.42 1.25 EPS (diluted  in €) 1.66 1.39 1.41 1.24FY 2024 FY 2023 in € million  unless stated otherwise Underlying Non-underlying Reported Underlying Non-underlying Reported Revenue and income 1 626.9 - 1 626.9 1 474.7 - 1 474.7 Listing 231.9 - 231.9 220.6 - 220.6 Trading revenue  of which 559.4 - 559.4 490.0 - 490.0 Cash trading 284.0 - 284.0 265.4 - 265.4 Derivatives trading 53.1 - 53.1 54.2 - 54.2 Fixed income trading 145.5 - 145.5 107.4 - 107.4 FX trading 31.7 - 31.7 25.6 - 25.6 Power trading 45.1 - 45.1 37.4 - 37.4 Investor services 14.1 - 14.1 11.4 - 11.4 Advanced data services 241.7 - 241.7 224.8 - 224.8 Post Trade  of which 414.7 - 414.7 370.2 - 370.2 Clearing 144.3 - 144.3 121.3 - 121.3 Custody & Settlement and other 270.5 - 270.5 248.9 - 248.9 Euronext Technology Solutions & other revenue 106.2 - 106.2 109.9 - 109.9 Net Financing Income through CCP business 56.8 - 56.8 46.7 - 46.7 Other income 2.0 - 2.0 1.4 - 1.4 Transitional revenues - - - (0.2) - (0.2) Operating expenses excluding D&A 620.5 30.9 651.3 (610.0) (78.3) (688.3) Salaries and employee benefits (330.2) (11.5) (341.6) (319.5) (12.9) (332.4) Other operational expenses  of which (290.3) (19.4) (309.7) (290.6) (65.4) (355.9) System & communication (99.2) (3.1) (102.3) (94.9) (7.8) (102.6) Professional services (57.7) (12.8) (70.6) (58.3) (18.2) (76.5) Clearing expense (23.2) (1.1) (24.3) (34.5) - (34.5) Accommodation (16.0) (0.9) (16.9) (17.9) (0.8) (18.7) Other operational expenses (94.1) (1.4) (95.5) (85.0) (38.6) (123.6) EBITDA 1 006.4 (30.9) 975.6 864.7 (78.3) 786.4 EBITDA margin 61.9% 60.0% 58.6% 53.3% Depreciation & amortisation (83.5) (105.2) (188.7) (74.2) (95.9) (170.1) Total expenses (704.0) (136.1) (840.1) (684.3) (174.2) (858.5) Operating profit 922.9 (136.1) 786.8 790.4 (174.2) 616.2 Net financing income / (expense) 17.5 - 17.5 0.1 (0.2) (0.2) Results from equity investment 33.5 1.2 34.7 30.0 53.0 83.1 Profit before income tax 973.9 (134.9) 839.1 820.5 (121.4) 699.1 Income tax expense (253.8) 35.5 (218.4) (208.9) 46.2 (162.7) Non-controlling interests (37.6) 2.5 (35.1) (26.9) 4.1 (22.8) Net income  share of the parent company shareholders 682.5 (96.9) 585.6 584.7 (71.1) 513.6 EPS (basic  in €) 6.59 5.65 5.51 4.84 EPS (diluted  in €) 6.56 5.63 5.50 4.83Consolidated comprehensive income statementQ4 2024 Q4 2023 Profit for the period 152.9 136.9 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 8.7 (2.0) – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (1.5) 0.5 – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income - 0.5 – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income - (0.2) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 85.0 - – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (0.7) - -Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (1.0) (4.2) – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 0.1 0.5 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 90.6 (4.8) Total comprehensive income for the period 243.5 132.1 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 235.9 125.6 – Non-controlling interests 7.6 6.5FY 2024 FY 2023 Profit for the period 620.7 536.4 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss: – Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations (27.9) (57.8) – Income tax impact on exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 2.0 6.3 – Change in value of debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 0.7 7.1 – Income tax impact on change in value of debt investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (0.2) (2.0) Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss: – Change in value of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income 91.5 11.9 – Income tax impact on change in value of equity investments at fair value throughother comprehensive income (2.1) (3.1) – Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations 0.6 (1.4) – Income tax impact on remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations (0.1) 0.2 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of tax 64.6 (38.9) Total comprehensive income for the period 685.3 497.5 Comprehensive income attributable to: – Owners of the parent 651.8 475.7 – Non-controlling interests 33.5 21.8Consolidated balance sheetin € million 31 December 2024 31 December 2023 Non-current assets Property  plant and equipment 106.2 114.4 Right-of-use assets 57.5 55.7 Goodwill and other intangible assets 6 096.2 6 108.2 Deferred income tax assets 30.4 31.3 Investments in associates and joint ventures 0.8 1.3 Financial assets at fair value through OCI 357.0 262.7 Other non-current assets 3.5 4.5 Total non-current assets 6 651.6 6 578.0 Current assets Trade and other receivables 412.9 333.6 Income tax receivable 11.4 15.512F12 CCP clearing business assets 200 575.5 183 715.2 Other current financial assets 63.8 103.1 Cash & cash equivalents 1 673.5 1 448.8 Total current assets 202 737.0 105 616.2 Total assets 209 388.6 192 194.2 Equity Shareholders' equity 4 245.2 3 945.7 Non-controlling interests 156.8 139.7 Total Equity 4 402.0 4 085.3 Non-current liabilities Borrowings 2 537.0 3 031.6 Lease liabilities 46.2 37.3 Other non-current financial liabilities 3.5 - Deferred income tax liabilities 496.8 531.9 Post-employment benefits 21.0 22.7 Contract liabilities 56.4 60.0 Other provisions 7.2 7.3 Total Non-current liabilities 3 168.2 3 690.8 Current liabilities Borrowings 516.5 17.3 Lease liabilities 15.8 22.2 Derivative financial instruments 0.1 - CCP clearing business liabilities 200 644.7 183 832.2 Income tax payable 91.1 46.1 Trade and other payables 464.3 415.8 Contract liabilities 80.1 79.3 Other provisions 5.9 5.2 Total Current liabilities 201 818.4 184 418.0 Total equity and liabilities 209 388.6 192 194.2The Group adjusted the comparative period figures downwards by €43.1 million for both income tax receivables and income tax payables  to adjust for the netting of taxes in the Italian fiscal sub-group.Consolidated statement of cash flowsin € million FY 2024 FY 2023 Profit before tax 839.1 699.1 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 188.7 170.1 - Share based payments 15.6 14.4 - Results from equity investments (33.3) (23.5) - Gain on sale of associate (1.2) (53.0) - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (0.2) (6.5) - Changes in working capital (89.5) 155.5 Cash flow from operating activities 919.2 956.1 Income tax paid (210.6) (130.0) Net cash flows from operating activities 708.6 826.1 Cash flow from investing activities Business combinations  net of cash acquired (65.2) - Proceeds from sale of subsidiary - (0.2) Purchase of financial assets at FVOCI (2.8) (1.3) Proceeds from sale of associate 0.9 122.4 Proceeds from disposal of equity investment at FVOCI - 0.2 Purchase of current financial assets (27.7) (72.3) Redemption of current financial assets 65.9 155.5 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (18.0) (27.7) Purchase of intangible assets (69.3) (75.3) Interest received 45.7 25.3 Dividends received from equity investments 33.3 23.5 Dividends received from associates 0.1 7.8 Net cash flow from investing activities (37.1) 157.9 Cash flow from financing activities Interest paid (29.4) (28.7) Payment of lease liabilities (20.8) (28.4) Transactions in own shares (106.7) (219.1) Transactions with non-controlling interests (0.1) (2.5) Withholding tax paid at vesting of shares (1.6) (1.0) Dividends paid to the company’s shareholders (257.3) (237.2) Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (25.8) (5.3) Net cash flow from financing activities (441.7) (522.2) Total cash flow over the period 229.9 461.8 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 1 448.8 1 001.1 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents (5.2) (14.1) Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 673.5 1 448.8in € million Q4 2024 Q4 2023 Profit before tax 208.4 176.9 Adjustments for: - Depreciation and amortisation 49.6 45.6 - Share based payments 5.2 3.9 - Results from equity investments (10.0) (5.6) - Gain on sale of associate - (11.4) - Share of profit from associates and joint ventures (0.1) - - Changes in working capital (8.8) 44.1 Cash flow from operating activities 244.3 253.5 Income tax paid (69.2) (59.1) Net cash flows from operating activities 175.0 194.5 Cash flow from investing activities Business combinations  net of cash acquired (18.3) - Purchase of financial assets at FVOCI (2.8) - Proceeds from sale of associate - 11.4 Purchase of current financial assets (2.3) (3.7) Redemption of current financial assets - 71.4 Purchase of property  plant and equipment (7.4) (12.0) Purchase of intangible assets (23.4) (17.5) Interest received 13.7 12.0 Dividends received from equity investments 10.0 5.6 Net cash flow from investing activities (30.5) 67.2 Cash flow from financing activities Interest paid (0.5) - Payment of lease liabilities (5.9) (7.2) Acquisitions of own shares (95.2) (138.0) Transactions with non-controlling interests (0.1) (2.5) Withholding tax paid at vesting of shares 0.2 - Dividends paid to non-controlling interests (3.0) (1.4) Net cash flow from financing activities (104.5) (149.0) Total cash flow over the period 40.0 112.6 Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of period 1 630.3 1 336.5 Non cash exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents 3.1 (0.2) Cash and cash equivalents - End of period 1 673.5 1 448.8Volumes for the fourth quarter and full year of 2024Cash marketsQ4 2024 Q4 2023 %var Number of trading days 64 63 Number of transactions (buy and sells  incl. reported trades) Total Cash Market 153 172 698 145 907 592 +5.0% ADV Cash Market 2 393 323 2 315 994 +3.3% Transaction value (€ million  single counted) Total Cash Market 674 892 602 148 +12.1% ADV Cash Market 10 545 9 558 +10.3% Listings Number of Issuers on Equities Euronext 1 812 1 888 -4.0% SMEs 1 433 1 493 -4.0% Number of Listed Securities Funds 2 319 2 434 -4.7% ETFs 4 018 3 821 +5.2% Bonds 55 804 55 098 +1.3% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  (€ million) Number of new equity listings 16 13 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl. over-allotment) 163.9 247.2 -33.7% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 2 556 6 667 -61.7% Money Raised - Bonds 244 356 290 524 -15.9% Total Money Raised 247 076 297 438 -16.9% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 14 12 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl. over- allotment) 163.9 247.2 -33.7% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 1 655 4 474 -63.0% Money Raised - Bonds 2 779 1 671 +66.3% Total Money Raised 4 598 6 393 -28.1%FY 2024 FY 2023 %var Number of trading days 256 255 Number of transactions (buy and sells  inc. reported trades) Total Cash Market 603 696 978 625 895 768 -3.5% ADV Cash Market 2 358 191 2 454 493 -3.9% Transaction value ( € million  single counted) Total Cash Market 2 663 692 2 563 560 +3.9% ADV Cash Market 10 405 10 053 +3.5% Capital raised on primary and secondary market Total Euronext  in €m Number of new equity listings 53 64 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl. over-allotment) 3 839.5 2 480.8 +54.8% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 15 782 20 177 -21.8% Money Raised - Bonds 1 190 154 1 156 035 +3.0% Total Money Raised 1 209 776 1 178 693 +2.6% of which SMEs Number of new equity listings 47 59 Money Raised - New equity listings (incl. over-allotment) 872 1 275 -31.7% Money Raised - Follow-ons on equities 9 071 9 176 -1.1% Money Raised - Bonds 4 384 3 160 +38.7% Total Money Raised 14 326 13 612 +5.2%Fixed income marketsQ4 2024 Q4 2023 %var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 39 381 27 741 +42.0% TAADV MTS Repo 516 173 469 134 +10.0% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 1 656 1 504 +10.1%FY 2024 FY 2023 % var Transaction value (€ million  single counted) MTS ADV MTS Cash 37 021 23 026 +60.8% TAADV MTS Repo 483 247 436 039 +10.8% Other fixed income ADV Fixed income 1 612 1 266 +27.4%FX marketsQ4 2024 Q4 2023 % var Number of trading days 64 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 1 720 896 1 532 340 +12.4% ADV Euronext FX 26 475 23 943 +10.6% FY 2024 FY 2023 % var Number of trading days 259 FX volume ($m  single counted) Total Euronext FX 6 888 292 5 814 512 +18.5% ADV Euronext FX 26 493 22 450 +18.0%Power marketsQ4 2024 Q4 2023 % var Number of trading days 92 92 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.99 3.10 -3.4% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.32 0.25 +27.1% FY 2024 FY 2023 % var Number of trading days 365 365 Power volume (in TWh) ADV Day-ahead Power Market 2.74 2.74 +0.3% ADV Intraday Power Market 0.31 0.20 +55.0%Derivatives marketsQ4 2024 Q4 2023 % var Number of trading days 64 63 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 29 690 908 31 923 088 -7.0% Index 11 183 641 13 517 515 -17.3% Futures 6 723 915 7 914 354 -15.0% Options 4 459 726 5 603 161 -20.4% Individual Equity 18 507 267 18 405 573 +0.6% Futures 1 485 833 498 969 +197.8% Options 17 021 434 17 906 604 -4.9% Commodity 7 464 607 5 807 238 +28.5% Futures 7 133 617 5 478 945 +30.2% Options 330 990 328 293 +0.8% Total Euronext 37 155 515 37 730 326 -1.5% Total Futures 15 343 365 13 892 268 +10.4% Total Options 21 812 150 23 838 058 -8.5% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 463 920 506 716 -8.4% Index 174 744 214 564 -18.6% Futures 105 061 125 625 -16.4% Options 69 683 88 939 -21.7% Individual Equity 289 176 292 152 -1.0% Futures 23 216 7 920 +193.1% Options 265 960 284 232 -6.4% Commodity 116 634 92 178 +26.5% Futures 111 463 86 967 +28.2% Options 5 172 5 211 -0.8% Total Euronext 580 555 598 894 -3.1% Total Futures 239 740 220 512 +8.9% Total Options 340 815 378 382 -5.0% FY 2024 FY 2023 % var Number of trading days 256 255 Derivatives Volume (in lots) Equity 128 897 410 134 733 803 -4.3% Index 50 472 727 55 863 644 -9.7% Futures 28 946 677 34 664 423 -16.5% Options 21 526 050 21 199 221 +1.5% Individual Equity 78 424 683 78 870 159 -0.6% Futures 6 237 384 1 955 140 +219.0% Options 72 187 299 76 915 019 -6.1% Commodity 29 779 883 23 173 370 +28.5% Futures 27 953 600 21 113 163 +32.4% Options 1 826 283 2 060 207 -11.4% Total Euronext 158 677 293 157 907 173 +0.5% Total Futures 63 137 661 57 732 726 +9.4% Total Options 95 539 632 100 174 447 -4.6% Derivatives ADV (in lots) Equity 503 506 528 368 -4.7% Index 197 159 219 073 -10.0% Futures 113 073 135 939 -16.8% Options 84 086 83 134 +1.1% Individual Equity 306 346 309 295 -1.0% Futures 24 365 7 667 +217.8% Options 281 982 301 628 -6.5% Commodity 116 328 90 876 +28.0% Futures 109 194 82 797 +31.9% Options 7 134 8 079 -11.7% Total Euronext 619 833 619 244 +0.1% Total Futures 246 631 226 403 +8.9% Total Options 373 202 392 841 -5.0%Derivatives open interest31 December 2024 31 December 2023 % var Open interest (in lots) Equity 18 723 119 18 567 344 +0.8% Index 869 625 1 000 267 -13.1% Futures 410 598 517 679 -20.7% Options 459 027 482 588 -4.9% Individual Equity 17 853 494 17 567 077 +1.6% Futures 251 452 153 607 +63.7% Options 17 602 042 17 413 470 +1.1% Commodity 979 545 876 380 +11.8% Futures 787 929 656 667 +20.0% Options 191 616 219 713 -12.8% Total Euronext 19 702 664 19 443 724 +1.3% Total Futures 1 449 979 1 327 953 +9.2% Total Options 18 252 685 18 115 771 +0.8%1 Definition in Appendix – adjusted for non-underlying operating expenses excluding D&A and non-underlying revenue and income.2 Norwegian Krone3 Full year 2024 reported and adjusted EBITDA4 Like-for-like basis at constant currency5 The weighted number of shares used over 2024 was 103 578 980 for the basic calculation and 103 983 870 for the diluted calculation  compared to 106 051 799 and 106 376 338 respectively over 2023.6 Euronext is currently performing a €300 million share repurchase programme. The repurchased shares will be cancelled  subject to shareholders’ approval at the upcoming annual general meeting on 15 May 2025. The repurchased shares will be excluded from the payment of the dividend.7 Subject to receipt of applicable regulatory approvals8 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release.9 According to data from Dealogic10 Euronext Clearing was expanded to Euronext legacy markets commodity derivatives on 15 July 2024 and Euronext legacy markets financial derivatives on 9 September 2024.11 For the total adjustments performed please refer to the Appendix of this press release.12 Income tax receivables and payables were restated by -€43.1m for Italian tax nettingAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['full year 2024 results', 'Euronext', 'Q4', 'leading European capital market infrastructure', 'Borsa Italiana legacy services', 'Advanced Data Services revenue', 'dynamic fixed income activity', 'fixed income trading data', 'leading European position', '€41.6 million capital gain', 'dynamic settlement activity', 'dynamic retail usage', 'strategic capital allocation', '14,700 new bond listings', 'positive one-off items', 'negative comparison base', 'S&P rating', 'parent company shareholders', '2025 Annual General Meeting', 'power trading data', '53 new equity listings', 'diversified revenue profile', 'Non-volume related revenue', 'cash trading revenue', 'A-, Stable Outlook', 'resilient listing revenue', 'Net treasury income', '2024 reported net income', 'double-digit revenue growth', 'continued strong performance', 'underlying operating expenses', 'Full year 2024 revenue', 'full year 2024 results', 'record adjusted EPS', 'leading provider', 'European expansion', 'Settlement revenue', 'value-added services', 'underlying expenses', 'continued demand', 'record results', 'strategic growth', 'total revenue', 'Clearing revenue', 'l3F4 Revenue', 'strong growth', 'Net debt', 'debt listing', 'operational expenses', 'cost discipline', 'fourth quarter', 'D&A0F', 'higher assets', 'benchmark administrators', 'NOK1F 2 depreciation', 'corporate solutions', 'worldwide leadership', 'Technology Solutions', 'solid growth', 'commodities clearing', 'growth investments', 'LCH SA', 'target range', 'Key figures', 'D&A2', 'two periods4F', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'EBITDA margin', 'EBITDA growth', 'acquisition impacts', 'Euronext revenue', '2024 financial targets', 'Dividend proposal', 'dividend policy', 'revised guidance', 'share count', 'Euronext Clearing', '2F Euronext', '2024 targets', 'Q4', 'achievement', 'innovation', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', '13 February', 'vs', 'Custody', 'GRSS', 'headwinds', 'termination', 'March', 'migration', 'Optiq®', 'FX', 'synergies', 'disposal', '11.1% stake', 'December', '4.7% CAGR', '+6.4% CAGR', '15 May', 'increase', '20235F']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,globenewswire.com
48870,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/e541c81d31ce4a28,Strong trading revenues sees Euronext achieve double digit revenue growth,Euronext has posted positive full year earnings  achieving double digit revenue growth which it attributed to a diversified revenue profile. Stephane BoujnahThe trading venue saw full year revenue and income up 10% from 2023  totalling €1 627 billion. Over…,Euronext has posted positive full year earnings  achieving double digit revenue growth which it attributed to a diversified revenue profile.Stephane BoujnahThe trading venue saw full year revenue and income up 10% from 2023  totalling €1 627 billion.Overall trading revenue…This story appeared on thetradenews.com   2025-02-13 16:45:21.,neutral,0.33,0.66,0.0,positive,0.51,0.48,0.0,True,English,"['double digit revenue growth', 'Strong trading revenues', 'Euronext', 'double digit revenue growth', 'positive full year earnings', 'full year revenue', 'diversified revenue profile', 'Overall trading revenue', 'trading venue', 'Stephane Boujnah', 'Euronext', 'income', 'story', 'thetradenews']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,biztoc.com
48871,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/13/3025593/0/en/Flow-Traders-4Q-and-FY-2024-Results.html,Flow Traders 4Q and FY 2024 Results,Flow Traders 4Q and FY 2024 Results   Amsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) announces its unaudited 4Q and FY 2024 results.  ......,Flow Traders 4Q and FY 2024 ResultsAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) announces its unaudited 4Q and FY 2024 results.Flow Traders posts record fourth quarter results and the second-best fiscal year results in its 20-year history with €159.0m and €479.3m in Total Income  respectively. The company also ends 2024 with record levels of Trading Capital and Shareholders’ Equity at €775m and €766m  respectively.Financial Highlights4Q 2024Flow Traders recorded Net Trading Income of €153.8m and Total Income of €159.0m in 4Q24  increases of 112% and 114% when compared to the €72.7m and €74.3m in 4Q23  respectively.Flow Traders’ ETP Value Traded increased by 13% in 4Q24 to €424m from €376m in 4Q23.Fixed Operating Expenses were €45.3m in the quarter  an increase of 12% when compared to the €40.4m in 4Q23  due mostly to increased employee and technology expenses and an abnormally low 4Q23 given timing of expenses.Total Operating Expenses were €76.8m in 4Q24  an increase of 23% when compared to the €62.5m in 4Q23  due mostly to higher variable employee compensation expenses.EBITDA was €82.1m in the quarter  an almost seven-fold increase when compared to the €11.8m in 4Q23. EBITDA margin was 52% in 4Q24 vs. 16% in 4Q23.Net Profit came in at €63.2m in 4Q24  yielding a basic EPS of €1.47 and diluted EPS of €1.42  an almost ten-fold increase compared to a Net Profit of €6.4m  basic EPS of €0.15  and diluted EPS of €0.14 in 4Q23.Flow Traders employed 609 FTEs at the end of 4Q24  compared to 605 at the end of 3Q24 and 613 at the end of 4Q23 (see note 1).FY 2024For full year 2024  Net Trading Income totaled €467.8m and Total Income was €479.3m  increases of 56% and 58% when compared to €300.3m and €303.9m in FY 2023  respectively.Flow Traders’ ETP Value Traded increased by 5% in FY 2024 to €1 545b from €1 465b in FY 2023.Fixed Operating Expenses for the year totaled €179.1m  an increase of 3% from €174.1m in FY 2023  which is in-line with guidance.Total Operating Expenses for the year was €264.4m  an increase of 12% from €236.3m in FY 2023  due mostly to higher variable employee compensation expenses.EBITDA for the year was €214.9m  up 218% compared to €67.5m in FY2023. EBITDA margin was 45% in FY 2024 vs. 22% in FY 2023.Total Net Profit for the year totaled €159.5m with basic EPS of €3.69 and diluted EPS of €3.56  a more than four-fold increase compared to €36.2m  €0.84 and €0.81 in FY 2023  respectively.Trading Capital and Shareholders’ EquityTrading capital stood at €775m at the end of 4Q24 and FY 2024  an increase of 16% compared to €668m at the end of 3Q24 and 33% compared to €584m at the end of 4Q23 and FY 2023.Return on average trading capital 2 was 69% in 4Q24 and FY 2024  compared to 49% in 4Q23 and FY 2023. With the accelerating growth of trading capital following the Capital Expansion Plan announced in July 2024  trading returns will be calculated as LTM NTI / Average Trading Capital going forward.was 69% in 4Q24 and FY 2024  compared to 49% in 4Q23 and FY 2023. With the accelerating growth of trading capital following the Capital Expansion Plan announced in July 2024  trading returns will be calculated as LTM NTI / Average Trading Capital going forward. Shareholders’ equity was €766m at the end of 4Q24 and FY 2024  an increase of 15% compared to €666m at the end of 3Q24 and 31% compared to €586m at the end of 4Q23 and FY 2023.Flow Traders generated a Return on Equity of 24% in FY 2024  compared to 6% in FY 2023.Financial Overview€million 4Q24 4Q23 Change FY2024 FY2023 Change Net trading income 153.8 72.7 112% 467.8 300.3 56% Other income 5.1 1.6 11.5 3.6 Total income 159.0 74.3 114% 479.3 303.9 58% Revenue by region3 Europe 86.9 42.6 104% 274.1 167.8 63% Americas 18.2 18.1 1% 93.6 82.1 14% Asia 53.8 13.6 295% 111.5 53.9 107% Employee expenses Fixed employee expenses 20.2 17.5 15% 81.6 76.0 7% Variable employee expenses 31.5 22.1 43% 85.3 57.9 47% Technology expenses 16.9 15.3 10% 66.6 64.4 3% Other expenses 8.2 7.6 8% 30.9 33.7 (8%) One-off expenses4 - - 0.0 4.3 (100%) Total operating expenses 76.8 62.5 23% 264.4 236.3 12% EBITDA 82.1 11.8 597% 214.9 67.5 218% Interest Expense 0.5 - 1.1 0.0 Depreciation & amortisation 4.6 4.2 9% 17.4 18.4 (5%) Profit/(loss) on equity-accounted investments (0.1) (0.1) 5% (2.0) (4.5) (55%) Profit before tax 76.9 7.4 935% 194.4 44.7 335% Tax expense 13.7 1.0 1230% 34.8 8.5 310% Net profit 63.2 6.4 888% 159.5 36.2 341% Basic EPS5 (€) 1.47 0.15 3.69 0.84 Fully diluted EPS6 (€) 1.42 0.14 3.56 0.81 EBITDA margin 52% 16% 45% 22%Revenue by Region€million 1Q23 2Q23 3Q23 4Q23 1Q24 2Q24 3Q24 4Q24 Europe 58.5 33.1 33.6 42.6 68.4 48.6 70.2 86.9 Americas 32.8 9.3 22.0 18.1 41.3 13.4 20.8 18.2 Asia 19.2 9.0 12.1 13.6 19.9 14.2 23.6 53.8Value Traded Overview€billion 4Q24 4Q23 Change FY2024 FY2023 Change Flow Traders ETP Value Traded 424 376 13% 1 545 1 465 5% Europe 195 151 29% 655 619 6% Americas 193 203 (5%) 776 754 3% Asia 36 22 65% 114 93 22% Flow Traders non-ETP Value Traded 1 233 1 074 15% 4 703 4 115 14% Flow Traders Value Traded 1 657 1 450 14% 6 248 5 580 12% Equity 809 762 6% 3 217 3 009 7% FICC 783 641 22% 2 817 2 396 18% Other 64 48 33% 214 176 22% Market ETP Value Traded7 13 192 11 714 13% 47 933 43 081 11% Europe 728 557 31% 2 518 2 039 24% Americas 9 954 9 877 1% 38 545 35 874 7% Asia 2 510 1 280 96% 6 871 5 168 33% Asia ex China 582 383 52% 2 020 1 578 28%Trading Capital1Q23 2Q23 3Q23 4Q23 1Q24 2Q24 3Q24 4Q24 Trading Capital (€m) 647 574 585 584 609 624 668 775 Return on Avg Trading Capital2 67% 65% 56% 49% 50% 58% 62% 69% Average VIX8 21.0 16.7 15.1 15.4 13.9 14.2 17.1 17.3Market EnvironmentEuropeEquity trading volumes in the quarter across major exchanges saw double-digit percentage point improvements when compared to the same period a year ago and single-digit improvements when compared to last quarter. Market volatility increased by single-digits compared to both the same period a year ago and last quarter.Fixed Income trading volumes on MTFs saw low double-digit percentage point improvements compared to the same period a year ago and single-digit improvements compared to last quarter.AmericasEquity trading volumes in the U.S. saw single-digit percentage point improvements when compared to both the same period a year ago and last quarter. Market volatility increased slightly when compared to the same period a year ago and was flat compared to last quarter.Fixed Income trading volumes in the U.S. were mixed across the various trading venues but were in general better when compared to the same period a year ago but weaker compared to last quarter. Volatility declined when compared to the same period a year ago and was relatively flat when compared to last quarter.AsiaEquity trading volumes in Asia were mixed as Hong Kong and China saw significant increases while Japan experienced declines both when compared to the same period a year ago as well as last quarter. Market volatility  for the most part  increased across all the regions both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter  with the exception being Japan  where it declined compared to last quarter.Digital AssetsWithin Digital Assets  which trades across regions on a 24/7 basis  trading volumes increased significantly both compared to the same period a year ago and last quarter. Volatility increased slightly both year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter.Trading Capital Expansion PlanIn recent years  Flow Traders has successfully diversified its core trading model across different asset classes and geographies  which resulted in increased optionality for the business. The company sees a range of emerging opportunities to accelerate growth by systematically expanding its trading capital base.With the 2Q 2024 results  the company announced the suspension of the dividend and bank term loan as the initial steps in boosting the firm’s trading capital. The bank loan and strong net profit generation boosted trading capital by €191m over the course of the year and immediately helped increase the capacity of the firm to capture more of the opportunities that arose during the year given the increased volatility and dislocations across different asset classes and regions around the world. Given the success of the Trading Capital Expansion Plan thus far  the firm will continue to pursue the most strategic debt financing options to further support its growth.Treasury SharesAs a result of the second-best year in company history  portions of the previously repurchased shares from the €25m share buyback program conducted in July 2022 will be reallocated to employee incentive plans.OutlookFixed operating expenses for FY 2025 are expected to be in the range of €190-210m given additional technology investments and targeted additions of subject matter experts in growth areas  partially offset by expected operational efficiency gains.CEO StatementMike Kuehnel  CEO“Flow Traders closed out 2024 with a record fourth quarter and the second-best year in the company’s 20-year history. Following the strategic decision to accelerate the expansion of our trading capital base last July  the additional capital has enabled us to capture additional opportunities and leverage dislocations in the market during a period of heightened volatility across different regions and asset classes. Following one of the calmest markets in recent memory in 2023  we were able to achieve a 69% return on average trading capital in 2024. This demonstrates the robustness and coverage of our trading strategies and is a result of the company’s growth and diversification strategy.In the fourth quarter  market trading volumes and volatility increased meaningfully across Europe and Asia  and within equity and digital assets. We were able to capitalize on this increased activity given the significant multi-year investments in talent and technology that we made in Asia and digital assets. Additionally  our partnerships with emerging financial infrastructure providers  such as the Börse Stuttgart Digital and Wormhole partnerships in the digital assets space and OpenYield in the fixed income space  will allow the company to further participate in and shape the future of financial markets.As digital assets continue to gain acceptance by governments and institutions around the world  we believe Flow Traders has a pivotal role to play given our strong capabilities in both traditional finance and digital assets ecosystems. With our unique distribution network  technology and pricing capabilities  we aim to be an important bridge by connecting various stakeholders to bring the 24/7 trading currently available in digital assets to the traditional financial landscape. Our partnership with DWS and Galaxy in AllUnity is one example of a platform which we believe could be pivotal in achieving this transition.Looking forward to 2025  we will continue to invest in the expansion of our trading capabilities and increasing sophistication  with tailored investments in technology and additional talent given the attractive opportunities in front of us. Opportunities which would otherwise not be possible without the accelerated growth of our trading capital base as a result of our trading capital expansion plan. To offset some of the additional investments  we stay fully committed to the streamlining and automation work to systematically improve efficiency and strengthen our core operations as the firm continues to grow and scale.”Preliminary Financial Calendar24 April 2025 1Q25 Trading UpdateAnalyst Conference Call and WebcastThe 4Q24 results analyst conference call will be held at 10:00 am CET on Thursday 13 February 2025. The presentation can be downloaded at https://www.flowtraders.com/investors/results-centre and the conference call can be followed via a listen-only audio webcast. A replay of the conference call will be available on the company website for at least 90 days.Contact DetailsFlow Traders Ltd.InvestorsEric PanPhone: +31 20 7996799Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comMediaLaura PeijsPhone: +31 20 7996799Email: press@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading trading firm providing liquidity in multiple asset classes  covering all major exchanges. Founded in 2004  Flow Traders is a leading global ETP market marker and has leveraged its expertise in trading ETPs to expand into fixed income  commodities  digital assets and FX. Flow Traders’ role in financial markets is to ensure the availability of liquidity and enabling investors to continue to buy or sell financial instruments under all market circumstances  thereby ensuring markets remain resilient and continue to function in an orderly manner. In addition to its trading activities  Flow Traders has established a strategic investment unit focused on fostering market innovation and aligned with our mission to bring greater transparency and efficiency to the financial ecosystem. With nearly two decades of experience  we have built a team of over 600 talented professionals  located globally  contributing to the firm's entrepreneurial culture and delivering the company's mission.NotesFigures restated to include only active employees and exclude those on garden leave per CSRD definition. Return on trading capital defined as LTM NTI divided by the average of the prior and current end of period trading capital. Revenue by region includes NTI  Other Income  and inter-company revenue. One-off expenses related to the completed corporate holding structure update and capital structure review work. Weighted average shares outstanding: 4Q24 - 43 066 302; 3Q24 - 43 095 744; 4Q23 - 43 166 257. Determined by adjusting the basic EPS for the effects of all dilutive share-based payments to employees. Source - Flow Traders analysis. Starting in 3Q24  average VIX is calculated as the average of VIX daily closing prices.Important Legal InformationThis press release is prepared by Flow Traders Ltd. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this document does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this press release are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders Ltd. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This press release is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.This press release may include forward-looking statements  which are based on Flow Traders’ current expectations and projections about future events  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts  including statements about our beliefs and expectations. Words such as “may”  “will”  “would”  “should”  “expect”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “project”  “believe”  “could”  “hope”  “seek”  “plan”  “foresee”  “aim”  “objective”  “potential”  “goal” “strategy”  “target”  “continue” and similar expressions or their negatives are used to identify these forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of Flow Traders. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made. Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law.Financial objectives are internal objectives of Flow Traders to measure its operational performance and should not be read as indicating that Flow Traders is targeting such metrics for any particular fiscal year. Flow Traders’ ability to achieve these financial objectives is inherently subject to significant business  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  many of which are beyond Flow Traders’ control  and upon assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change. As a result  Flow Traders’ actual results may vary from these financial objectives  and those variations may be material.Efficiencies are net  before tax and on a run-rate basis  i.e. taking into account the full-year impact of any measure to be undertaken before the end of the period mentioned. The expected operating efficiencies and cost savings were prepared on the basis of a number of assumptions  projections and estimates  many of which depend on factors that are beyond Flow Traders’ control. These assumptions  projections and estimates are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ  perhaps materially  from those projected. Flow Traders cannot provide any assurance that these assumptions are correct and that these projections and estimates will reflect Flow Traders’ actual results of operations.By accepting this document you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this document.All results published in this release are unaudited.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.39,0.34,True,English,"['Flow Traders 4Q', 'FY 2024 Results', '1Q23 2Q23 3Q23 4Q23 1Q24 2Q24 3Q24 4Q24 Europe', '4Q23 Change FY2024 FY2023 Change Flow Traders', 'higher variable employee compensation expenses', 'best fiscal year results', 'record fourth quarter results', 'Variable employee expenses', 'Fixed Operating Expenses', 'Flow Traders Ltd', 'Capital Expansion Plan', 'Total Operating Expenses', 'Flow Traders 4Q', 'Financial Highlights 4Q', 'Flow Traders’ ETP', 'average trading capital', 'Value Traded Overview', 'Net Trading Income', 'Total Net Profit', 'record levels', 'Financial Overview', 'Total Income', 'ETP Value', 'technology expenses', 'Other expenses', 'unaudited 4Q', 'trading returns', 'Other income', 'FY 2024 Results', '20-year history', 'accelerating growth', 'LTM NTI', 'One-off expenses4', 'Interest Expense', 'equity-accounted investments', 'Basic EPS5', 'Shareholders’ Equity', 'diluted EPS', 'full year', 'EBITDA margin', 'Tax expense', 'seven-fold increase', 'ten-fold increase', 'four-fold increase', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'second', 'company', 'increases', 'timing', '609 FTEs', 'end', 'note', 'line', 'guidance', 'July', 'Revenue', 'region3', 'Americas', 'Asia', 'Depreciation', 'amortisation', 'EPS6']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,globenewswire.com
48872,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/94df3804cc39c3fe,Euronext chief calls Trump’s economic barrage a ‘wake-up call’ to Europe,Stock exchange head says shock of new US administration is forcing competitiveness gap to be tackled,Stock exchange head says shock of new US administration is forcing competitiveness gap to be tackledThis story appeared on ft.com   2025-02-13 18:40:06.,negative,0.0,0.32,0.67,negative,0.01,0.39,0.59,True,English,"['Euronext chief', 'economic barrage', 'up call', 'Trump', 'wake', 'Europe', 'Stock exchange head', 'new US administration', 'competitiveness gap', 'ft.com', 'shock', 'story']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,biztoc.com
48873,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/13/3025619/0/en/CMB-TECH-announces-Q4-2024-results-on-27-02-2025.html,CMB.TECH announces Q4 2024 results on 27/02/2025,Antwerp  Feb. 13  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- CMB.TECH NV (NYSE: CMBT & Euronext: CMBT) (“CMBT”  “CMB.TECH” or “the Company”) will release its fourth quarter 2024 earnings prior to market opening on Thursday 27 February 2025 and will host a conference call at 8 …,"Antwerp  Feb. 13  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- CMB.TECH NV (NYSE: CMBT & Euronext: CMBT) (“CMBT”  “CMB.TECH” or “the Company”) will release its fourth quarter 2024 earnings prior to market opening on Thursday 27 February 2025 and will host a conference call at 8 a.m. EST / 2 p.m. CET to discuss the results for the quarter.The call will be a webcast with an accompanying slideshow. You can find details of this conference call below and on the “Investor Relations” page of the website.The presentation for the earnings call will be available in our presentation section.Webcast Information Event Type: Audio webcast with user-controlled slide presentation Event Date: 27 February 2025 Event Time: 8 a.m. EST / 2 p.m. CET Event Title: “Q4 2024 Earnings Conference Call” Event Site/URL: https://events.teams.microsoft.com/event/7203eab6-44ad-4145-be5b-9f09112ce051@d0b2b045-83aa-4027-8cf2-ea360b91d5e4To attend this conference call  please register via the following link.Telephone participants who are unable to pre-register may dial in to the respective number of their location (to be found here). The Phone conference ID is the following: 121 388 043#The recording & a transcript of the call will be uploaded onto our website in our investor section.Announcement Q4 2024 results – 27 February 2025About CMB.TECHCMB.TECH (all capitals) is a diversified and future-proof maritime group. We own and operate more than 150 seagoing vessels: crude oil tankers  dry bulk vessels  container ships  chemical tankers  offshore wind vessels & workboats. We also offer hydrogen and ammonia fuel to customers  through own production or third-party producers.The company is headquartered in Antwerp  Belgium  and has offices across Europe  Asia  United States and Africa.CMB.TECH is listed on Euronext Brussels and the NYSE under the ticker symbol CMBT.More information can be found at https://cmb.techForward-Looking StatementsMatters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbour protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  objectives  goals  strategies  future events or performance  and underlying assumptions and other statements  which are other than statements of historical facts. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbour provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbour legislation. The words ""believe""  ""anticipate""  ""intends""  ""estimate""  ""forecast""  ""project""  ""plan""  ""potential""  ""may""  ""should""  ""expect""  ""pending"" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions  including without limitation  our management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in our records and other data available from third parties. Although we believe that these assumptions were reasonable when made  because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond our control  we cannot assure you that we will achieve or accomplish these expectations  beliefs or projections.In addition to these important factors  other important factors that  in our view  could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the failure of counterparties to fully perform their contracts with us  the strength of world economies and currencies  general market conditions  including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values  changes in demand for tanker vessel capacity  changes in our operating expenses  including bunker prices  dry-docking and insurance costs  the market for our vessels  availability of financing and refinancing  charter counterparty performance  ability to obtain financing and comply with covenants in such financing arrangements  changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities  potential liability from pending or future litigation  general domestic and international political conditions  potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events  vessels breakdowns and instances of off-hires and other factors. Please see our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.27,0.73,True,English,"['Q4 2024 results', 'CMB', 'TECH', '27/02', 'The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'user-controlled slide presentation Event Date', 'The Phone conference ID', 'Webcast Information Event Type', 'Q4 2024 Earnings Conference Call', 'United States Securities', 'CET Event Title', 'future-proof maritime group', 'safe harbour protections', 'safe harbour provisions', 'safe harbour legislation', 'Investor Relations” page', 'Announcement Q4 2024 results', 'crude oil tankers', 'tanker vessel capacity', 'international political conditions', 'dry bulk vessels', 'offshore wind vessels', 'fourth quarter 2024 earnings', 'historical operating trends', 'general market conditions', 'charter counterparty performance', 'other important factors', 'future litigation', 'Event Time', 'Event Site', 'earnings call', 'presentation section', 'More information', 'prospective information', 'other factors', 'investor section', 'chemical tankers', 'historical facts', 'charter rates', 'vessel values', 'operating expenses', 'general domestic', 'political events', 'Audio webcast', '150 seagoing vessels', 'vessels breakdowns', 'other risks', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'market opening', 'accompanying slideshow', 'events.teams', 'following link', 'Telephone participants', 'respective number', 'container ships', 'ammonia fuel', 'third-party producers', 'ticker symbol', 'press release', 'future events', 'other statements', 'cautionary statement', 'similar expressions', 'third parties', 'actual results', 'world economies', 'bunker prices', 'insurance costs', 'governmental rules', 'regulatory authorities', 'potential liability', 'potential disruption', 'shipping routes', 'Exchange Commission', 'complete discussion', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'other data', 'Euronext Brussels', 'significant uncertainties', 'underlying assumptions', 'various assumptions', 'financing arrangements', 'TECH NV', 'Antwerp', 'Feb.', 'CMB.', 'NYSE', 'CMBT', 'Thursday', 'February', '8 a', 'details', 'website', 'URL', 'location', 'recording', 'transcript', 'capitals', 'diversified', 'workboats', 'hydrogen', 'customers', 'production', 'Belgium', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Africa', 'Matters', 'order', 'companies', 'business', 'plans', 'objectives', 'goals', 'strategies', 'advantage', 'connection', 'words', 'forecast', 'project', 'turn', 'limitation', 'management', 'examination', 'records', 'contingencies', 'expectations', 'beliefs', 'addition', 'view', 'failure', 'counterparties', 'contracts', 'strength', 'currencies', 'fluctuations', 'changes', 'demand', 'dry-docking', 'availability', 'refinancing', 'covenants', 'regulations', 'actions', 'pending', 'accidents', 'instances', 'hires', 'filings', 'Attachment']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,globenewswire.com
48874,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/13/3025568/0/en/DNO-Shares-Traded-Ex-Dividend.html,DNO Shares Traded Ex-Dividend,Oslo  13 February 2025 – DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that the Company’s shares will be traded ex-dividend effective 13 February 2025.,Oslo  13 February 2025 – DNO ASA  the Norwegian oil and gas operator  today announced that the Company’s shares will be traded ex-dividend effective 13 February 2025.A dividend payment of NOK 0.3125 per share will be made on or about 21 February 2025 to all shareholders of record as of 14 February 2025.–For further information  please contact:Media: media@dno.noInvestors: investor.relations@dno.no–DNO ASA is a Norwegian oil and gas operator active in the Middle East  the North Sea and West Africa. Founded in 1971 and listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange  the Company holds stakes in onshore and offshore licenses at various stages of exploration  development  and production in the Kurdistan region of Iraq  Norway  the United Kingdom  Côte d’Ivoire  Netherlands and Yemen.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and section 4.2.5.3 of Euronext Oslo Rulebook II.,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['DNO Shares', 'Dividend', 'Côte d’Ivoire', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Euronext Oslo Rulebook II', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'Norwegian oil', 'DNO ASA', 'gas operator', 'dividend payment', 'Middle East', 'North Sea', 'West Africa', 'offshore licenses', 'various stages', 'Kurdistan region', 'United Kingdom', 'disclosure requirements', 'February', 'Company', 'shares', 'NOK', 'shareholders', 'record', 'information', 'Media', 'Investors', 'relations', 'stakes', 'onshore', 'exploration', 'development', 'production', 'Iraq', 'Norway', 'Netherlands', 'Yemen', 'section']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,globenewswire.com
48875,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/13/3025638/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-February-6-February-12-2025.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details February 6 – February 12  2025,PRESS RELEASE                                          Share Buyback Transaction Details February 6 – February 12  2025  Alphen aan den Rijn – February...,PRESS RELEASEShare Buyback Transaction Details February 6 – February 12  2025Alphen aan den Rijn – February 13  2025 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services  today reports that it has repurchased 73 778 of its own ordinary shares in the period from February 6  2025  up to and including February 12  2025  for €13.2 million and at an average share price of €178.34.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on October 30  2024  under which we intend to repurchase shares for €100 million during the period starting January 2  2025  up to and including February 24  2025.The cumulative amounts repurchased in the year to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2025Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2025 to date 464 526 78.9 169.95For the above-mentioned period  we have engaged a third party to execute €100 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Shares repurchased are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes through share cancelation.Further information is available on our website:For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director Vice President Global Communications Investor Relationspress@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by pandemics; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'February', 'Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Global Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'capital reduction purposes', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'average share price', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share cancelation', 'global leader', 'cumulative amounts', 'counter market', 'new information', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'software solutions', 'ordinary shares', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'treasury shares', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2023 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'U.S.', 'Vice President', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'professional information', 'Further information', 'inside information', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'various countries', 'financial risks', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'February', 'WKL', 'services', 'repurchases', 'October', 'January', 'year', 'date', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'website', 'wolterskluwer', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', 'operations', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'pandemics', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Trademarks', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '€']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,globenewswire.com
48876,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/13/3026227/0/en/Press-Release-Filing-of-the-2024-U-S-Form-20-F-and-French-Document-d-Enregistrement-Universel-containing-the-Annual-Financial-Report.html,Press Release: Filing of the 2024 U.S. Form 20-F and French “Document d’Enregistrement Universel” containing the Annual Financial Report,Filing of the 2024 U.S. Form 20-F and French “Document d’Enregistrement Universel” containing the Annual Financial Report  Paris  February 13  2025.......,Filing of the 2024 U.S. Form 20-F and French “Document d’Enregistrement Universel” containing the Annual Financial ReportParis  February 13  2025. Sanofi announces today the filing of its Form 20-F with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and its “Document d’Enregistrement Universel” containing its Annual Financial Report with the French market regulator Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF).These documents are available on the company’s website:https://www.sanofi.com/en/investors/reports-and-publications/financial-reports-and-regulated-informationIn addition  the Form 20-F is available on the website of the SEC (www.sec.gov) and the “Document d’Enregistrement Universel” is available on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). A hard copy of these documents  each of which contains our complete audited financial statements  may be received free of charge  upon request.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen |+ 44 7545 513 693 | thomas.larsen@sanofi.comAlizé Kaisserian | + 33 6 47 04 12 11 | alize.kaisserian@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comKeita Browne | + 1 781 249 1766 | keita.browne@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comThibaud Châtelet | + 33 6 80 80 89 90 | thibaud.chatelet@sanofi.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['2024 U.S. Form', 'Annual Financial Report', 'Press Release', 'French “Document', 'Enregistrement Universel', 'Filing', 'Autorité des marchés financiers', 'complete audited financial statements', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'U.S. Securities', 'Annual Financial Report', 'life-changing treatment options', 'life-saving vaccine protection', '2024 U.S. Form', 'French market regulator', 'SNY Media Relations', 'Thibaud Châtelet', 'Thomas Kudsk Larsen', 'Investor Relations', 'Enregistrement Universel', 'Exchange Commission', 'Form 20-F', 'hard copy', 'one purpose', 'social responsibility', 'French “Document', 'Alizé Kaisserian', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Victor Rouault', 'Felix Lauscher', 'Keita Browne', 'Nathalie Pham', 'Tarik Elgoutni', 'Filing', 'Paris', 'February', 'Sanofi', 'AMF', 'documents', 'website', 'investors', 'reports', 'publications', 'regulated', 'information', 'addition', 'org', 'charge', 'request', 'miracles', 'science', 'people', 'lives', 'team', '100 countries', 'practice', 'medicine', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ', 'alize', 'chatelet', 'Attachment']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,globenewswire.com
48877,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/13/3026153/0/en/Tarkett-has-been-rated-A-Level-by-CDP.html,Tarkett has been rated A Level by CDP,Tarkett  a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  announced today that it has been rated A level by CDP. Tarkett has reached the highest level of maturity a company can achieve in the CDP.,Tarkett  a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  announced today that it has been rated A level by CDP. Tarkett has reached the highest level of maturity a company can achieve in the CDP.The company is now part of the top 2% best performing companies out of 24 800 companies that are assessed by CDP on climate data. CDP is a global non-profit that runs the world's leading carbon disclosure platform and is considered as the gold standard in the assessment of corporate climate strategy.“Reaching A  the highest level of CDP  is a great recognition of our long-standing leadership and continuous progress in our climate ambition” explains Arnaud Marquis  Tarkett’s Sustainability & Safety Officer. “This also demonstrates our ability to reduce our climate impact across our entire value chain. We have set an ambitious 2030 climate roadmap which has already delivered solid results. These last years  we have challenged ourselves to deliver more sustainable solutions for our customers. We have reviewed our governance to place sustainability at the highest levels of the organization and have changed our decision-making processes to develop eco-design and increase the amount of recycled content in our products.”Early in 2023  Tarkett’s climate roadmap was approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). Since 2023  the company is included in the annual Europe’s Climate Leaders Ranking by Financial Times and Statista. In September 2024  Tarkett had achieved a Platinum Medal by sustainability rating platform EcoVadis  setting a new benchmark in the flooring and sports surfaces industry.###About TarkettWith a history of more than 140 years  Tarkett is a worldwide leader in innovative and sustainable flooring and sports surface solutions  generating turnover of € 3.4 billion in 2023. The Group has close to 12 000 employees  23 R&D centers  8 recycling centers and 34 production sites. Tarkett creates and manufactures solutions for hospitals  schools  housing  hotels  offices  stores and sports fields  serving customers in over 100 countries. To build “The Way to Better Floors ” the Group is committed to circular economy and sustainability  in line with its Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach. Tarkett is listed on the Euronext regulated market (compartment B  ISIN: FR0004188670  ticker: TKTT)www.tarkett‐group.comMedia contactsBrunswick - tarkett@brunswickgroup.com - Tel.: +33 (0) 1 53 96 83 83Tarkett - communication@tarkett.comAttachment,neutral,0.28,0.71,0.02,positive,0.72,0.28,0.0,True,English,"['Tarkett', 'CDP', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'top 2% best performing companies', 'leading carbon disclosure platform', 'Tarkett Human-Conscious Design® approach', 'entire value chain', 'Euronext regulated market', 'sports surfaces industry', '23 R&D centers', 'corporate climate strategy', 'Climate Leaders Ranking', 'sports surface solutions', 'ambitious 2030 climate roadmap', 'sports fields', '8 recycling centers', 'climate data', 'climate ambition', 'climate impact', 'sustainable solutions', 'worldwide leader', 'highest level', 'global non-profit', 'gold standard', 'Reaching A', 'great recognition', 'standing leadership', 'continuous progress', 'Arnaud Marquis', 'Safety Officer', 'solid results', 'decision-making processes', 'annual Europe', 'Financial Times', 'Platinum Medal', 'new benchmark', '34 production sites', 'The Way', 'Better Floors', 'circular economy', 'compartment B', 'Media contacts', 'sustainable flooring', 'The Group', 'tarkett‐group', '24 800 companies', 'innovative', 'CDP', 'maturity', 'company', 'assessment', 'long', 'Sustainability', 'customers', 'governance', 'organization', 'eco-design', 'amount', 'recycled', 'content', 'products', 'SBTi', 'Statista', 'September', 'EcoVadis', 'history', '140 years', 'turnover', '12,000 employees', 'hospitals', 'schools', 'housing', 'hotels', 'offices', 'stores', '100 countries', 'line', 'ISIN', 'ticker', 'TKTT', 'Brunswick', 'Tel.', 'communication', 'Attachment', '33']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,globenewswire.com
48878,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/13/3025587/0/en/Gilde-Healthcare-announces-successful-sale-of-health-IT-software-company-Performation-to-Enovation-part-of-Legrand.html,Gilde Healthcare announces successful sale of health-IT software company Performation to Enovation  part of Legrand,Gilde Healthcare announces successful sale of health-IT software company Performation to Enovation  part of Legrand  Exit confirms Gilde's investment......,Gilde Healthcare announces successful sale of health-IT software company Performation to Enovation  part of LegrandExit confirms Gilde's investment strategy of building market-leading healthcare companies that deliver better care at lower costUnder ownership of Gilde Healthcare’s private equity fund  Performation has evolved into a leading European SaaS healthcare platform through seven strategic acquisitions and product innovationsRevenue more than doubled and profitability increased threefoldUtrecht (the Netherlands)  February 13  2025 - Gilde Healthcare  the specialized healthcare investor  today announces the sale of its portfolio company Performation to Enovation  a provider of digital care solutions and a subsidiary of Legrand. Performation's SaaS (Software-as-a-Service) platform provides innovative healthcare IT solutions to patients  physicians  hospitals and public healthcare organizations. Performation supports more than 200 healthcare institutions  including all hospitals in the Netherlands  with a growing presence across Europe.Better care at lower cost is a foundational principle of Gilde’s investment strategy  and Performation exemplifies this mission through its comprehensive suite of healthcare technology solutions. The company's platform enables healthcare providers to optimize operational efficiency while improving patient outcomes through advanced business intelligence  capacity management  and real-world monitoring solutions.Since Gilde Healthcare's investment in 2017  Performation has undergone a strategic transformation from a provider of business intelligence tools and consulting services to a comprehensive SaaS platform. Through seven strategic acquisitions and organic product development  the company has significantly expanded beyond hospitals into adjacent healthcare verticals including rehabilitation  mental health and elderly care  establishing operations in the Netherlands  Belgium and Germany. Performation became an integral part of the Dutch healthcare system facilitating the Dutch infectious disease management infrastructure and by supporting Oncode Accelerator in the development of new innovative cancer therapies.Hugo de Bruin  General Partner  Private Equity  at Gilde Healthcare  commented: “European healthcare IT is entering a period of accelerated growth  driven by AI and the increasing importance of real-world data. Performation is right at the center of this data eco-system  providing data and valuable insights to healthcare providers and institutions  while keeping the need of the patient front and center. Performation exemplifies our investment strategy of backing visionary companies that align with this shift and bring innovative solutions to scale.”“During our holding period  we have supported the management team in executing an ambitious buy-and-build strategy while also investing in product development. We are confident that as part of Legrand's connected care ecosystem  Performation will continue its strong growth trajectory.”About Gilde HealthcareGilde Healthcare is a specialized healthcare investor managing over €2.6 billion across two fund strategies: Venture&Growth and Private Equity. The Venture&Growth fund of Gilde Healthcare invests in fast growing companies active in digital health  medical technologies (MedTech) and therapeutics  based in Europe and North America. The Private Equity fund of Gilde Healthcare participates in profitable lower mid-market healthcare companies based in North-Western Europe. For more information  visit the company's website at www.gildehealthcare.comAbout PerformationPerformation is a leading healthcare company that offers smart software solutions to optimize healthcare processes. With more than 25 years of experience  Performation helps healthcare professionals deliver and organize better care by using extensive data and advanced analytics. The company focuses on improving the efficiency and quality of healthcare institutions  particularly hospitals  through real-time monitoring and data-driven insights.www.performation.nlAbout EnovationFor more than 40 years  Enovation has been bringing technology and healthcare together. By facilitating digital cooperation and connections between people  we enable the care of today and the future. In this way  we contribute to a sustainable healthcare system of the future  where the human experience remains central. Thanks to our platform  healthcare providers can focus on what matters most: time and attention for people. Our software supports digital care and collaboration throughout the entire patient journey. From early detection to remote monitoring and everything in between  our platform facilitates integrated care – at every step.Enovation has been part of Legrand Care since 2024  a division of Legrandwww.enovationgroup.comAbout LegrandLegrand is the global specialist in electrical and digital building infrastructures. Its comprehensive offering of solutions for residential  commercial  and datacenter markets makes it a benchmark for customers worldwide.Legrand reported sales of €8.4 billion in 2023. The company is listed on Euronext Paris and is a component stock of the CAC 40  CAC 40 ESG and CAC SBT 1.5 indexes.https://www.legrandgroup.comMedia contactsHugo de Bruin  Tel: +31 30 219 2565  debruin@gildehealthcare.comICR HealthcareMary-Jane Elliott  Jessica Hodgson  Davide Salvi Tel: +44(0)20 3709 5700gildehealthcare@icrhealthcare.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.74,0.26,0.0,True,English,"['health-IT software company', 'Gilde Healthcare', 'successful sale', 'Performation', 'Enovation', 'part', 'Legrand', 'Dutch infectious disease management infrastructure', 'profitable lower mid-market healthcare companies', 'leading European SaaS healthcare platform', 'new innovative cancer therapies', 'The Venture&Growth fund', 'The Private Equity fund', 'innovative healthcare IT solutions', 'European healthcare IT', 'Dutch healthcare system', 'two fund strategies', 'business intelligence tools', 'Hugo de Bruin', 'market-leading healthcare companies', 'strong growth trajectory', 'fast growing companies', 'seven strategic acquisitions', 'specialized healthcare investor', 'public healthcare organizations', 'adjacent healthcare verticals', 'sustainable healthcare system', 'advanced business intelligence', 'digital building infrastructures', 'entire patient journey', 'leading healthcare company', 'smart software solutions', 'connected care ecosystem', 'real-world monitoring solutions', 'comprehensive SaaS platform', 'organic product development', 'healthcare technology solutions', 'health-IT software company', 'digital care solutions', 'innovative solutions', 'visionary companies', 'lower cost', 'capacity management', 'management team', 'accelerated growth', 'strategic transformation', 'healthcare providers', 'healthcare processes', 'healthcare professionals', 'growing presence', 'advanced analytics', 'digital health', 'digital cooperation', 'Gilde Healthcare', 'product innovations', 'comprehensive suite', 'patient outcomes', 'patient front', 'real-time monitoring', 'remote monitoring', 'comprehensive offering', 'real-world data', '200 healthcare institutions', 'Service) platform', 'foundational principle', 'consulting services', 'mental health', 'Oncode Accelerator', 'General Partner', 'increasing importance', 'valuable insights', 'ambitious buy', 'build strategy', 'medical technologies', 'North America', 'data-driven insights', 'early detection', 'global specialist', 'datacenter markets', 'Better care', 'elderly care', 'integrated care', 'investment strategy', 'data eco-system', 'extensive data', 'portfolio company', 'successful sale', 'operational efficiency', 'holding period', 'human experience', 'North-Western Europe', 'Legrand Care', 'integral part', 'Legrand Legrand', 'Performation', 'Enovation', 'Exit', 'ownership', 'Revenue', 'profitability', 'Utrecht', 'Netherlands', 'subsidiary', 'patients', 'physicians', 'hospitals', 'mission', 'rehabilitation', 'operations', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'need', 'shift', 'scale', 'MedTech', 'therapeutics', 'information', 'website', 'gildehealthcare', '25 years', 'quality', '40 years', 'connections', 'people', 'today', 'future', 'way', 'attention', 'collaboration', 'everything', 'step', 'division', 'electrical', 'benchmark', 'customers']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,globenewswire.com
48879,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/13/3026087/0/en/Technip-Energies-expands-in-India-with-a-new-office-and-a-Research-Innovation-Center.html,Technip Energies expands in India with a new office and a Research & Innovation Center,Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) announces a strategic expansion in India with the opening of a new office near Ahmedabad in Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT City) and the inauguration of a state-of-the-art Research and Innovation Center set up within …,"Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) announces a strategic expansion in India with the opening of a new office near Ahmedabad in Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT City) and the inauguration of a state-of-the-art Research and Innovation Center set up within the Indian Institute of Technology Madras (IITM) Research Park in Chennai.These strategic initiatives strengthen Technip Energies' presence in India  enabling the company to deliver innovative  sustainable  and cost-effective energy solutions to clients both domestically and globally.The new office in Ahmedabad is Technip Energies' fourth operating center in India. Strategically located between Ahmedabad and Gandhinagar in GIFT City India’s first operational Smart city  it will offer a thriving ecosystem including world-class facilities and a business-friendly environment. With access to Gujarat’s skilled talent pool and robust infrastructure  the new office will employ around 300 people in 2025  supporting Technip Energies’ expansion while contributing to the region’s economic development.The Research and Innovation Center at IITM Research Park  hosting Technip Energies' fourth global lab  joins the company’s existing technology hubs in Europe and the United States. This cutting-edge facility will focus on research and technology development in critical areas that align with Technip Energies’ key markets: low carbon energy derivatives  industrial decarbonization and circularity.Arnaud Pieton  CEO of Technip Energies  said: ""India is a cornerstone of our global strategy. Our expansion in India reflects our commitment to accelerating the country’s clean energy transition—one of the largest in the world—while supporting its industrial growth aspirations. Every year  around 1.5 million of new engineers are graduating in India. By combining India’s pool of talents and research ecosystem with our global expertise  we are shaping next-generation energy solutions that are advanced  scalable  and sustainable for industries and communities worldwide.”Davendra Kumar  Managing Director  Technip Energies India  stated: “India stands at the forefront of the global energy transition  driven by innovation  talent  and an unwavering commitment to sustainability. With our new office in Ahmedabad and the Research and Innovation Center at IITM Research Park  we are deepening our roots in India—not just as a technology and engineering powerhouse  but as a key enabler of the country’s journey toward a low-carbon future. These initiatives will foster indigenous solutions  create high-value jobs  and strengthen India’s position as a hub for clean energy innovation.”The IITM Research Park  India's first university-based research park  brings together academia  industry  government and start-ups. It grants access to top talent  advanced technologies and centers of excellence. These resources will enable Technip Energies to scale up and commercialize technologies  develop affordable and sustainable solutions  by leveraging its decades of experience in the energy industry.Technip Energies has a long-standing presence in India  with a history spanning over five decades. The company has established a strong foothold in the country with offices in key locations like Chennai  Delhi  and Mumbai and an employee base of 4 600. This extensive presence  coupled with a dedicated manufacturing unit in Dahej  Gujarat  allows Technip Energies to serve the expanding Indian market  while also contributing to global projects.About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a global technology and engineering powerhouse. With leadership positions in LNG  hydrogen  ethylene  sustainable chemistry  and CO 2 management  we are contributing to the development of critical markets such as energy  energy derivatives  decarbonization  and circularity. Our complementary business segments  Technology  Products and Services (TPS) and Project Delivery  turn innovation into scalable and industrial reality.Through collaboration and excellence in execution  our 17 000+ employees across 34 countries are fully committed to bridging prosperity with sustainability for a world designed to last.Technip Energies generated revenues of €6 billion in 2023 and is listed on Euronext Paris. The Company also has American Depositary Receipts trading over the counter.For further information: www.ten.comContactsInvestor RelationsPhillip LindsayVice-President Investor RelationsTel: +44 207 585 5051Email: Phillip LindsayMedia RelationsJason HyonnePress Relations & Social Media ManagerTel: +33 1 47 78 22 89Email: Jason HyonneAttachments",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Technip Energies', 'new office', 'Innovation Center', 'India', 'Research', 'first operational Smart city', 'Gujarat International Finance Tec-City', 'first university-based research park', 'low carbon energy derivatives', 'Phillip Lindsay Media Relations', 'The IITM Research Park', 'Social Media Manager', 'IITM) Research Park', 'dedicated manufacturing unit', 'complementary business segments', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'clean energy transition', 'expanding Indian market', 'fourth global lab', 'industrial growth aspirations', 'fourth operating center', 'Vice-President Investor Relations', 'cost-effective energy solutions', 'next-generation energy solutions', 'global energy transition', 'Jason Hyonne Attachments', 'existing technology hubs', 'clean energy innovation', 'skilled talent pool', ""Technip Energies' presence"", 'GIFT City India', 'Technip Energies’ expansion', 'Technip Energies India', 'The Research', 'Press Relations', 'art Research', 'Indian Institute', 'research ecosystem', 'indigenous solutions', 'sustainable solutions', 'global strategy', 'global expertise', 'long-standing presence', 'extensive presence', 'global projects', 'industrial reality', 'energy industry', 'Innovation Center', 'strategic expansion', 'new office', 'thriving ecosystem', 'world-class facilities', 'business-friendly environment', 'robust infrastructure', 'United States', 'cutting-edge facility', 'critical areas', 'key markets', 'Arnaud Pieton', 'new engineers', 'Davendra Kumar', 'Managing Director', 'engineering powerhouse', 'key enabler', 'low-carbon future', 'high-value jobs', 'top talent', 'strong foothold', 'key locations', 'employee base', 'global technology', 'leadership positions', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO 2 management', 'critical markets', 'Project Delivery', '17,000+ employees', 'The Company', 'industrial decarbonization', 'economic development', 'strategic initiatives', 'unwavering commitment', 'advanced technologies', 'five decades', 'Euronext Paris', 'technology development', 'opening', 'Ahmedabad', 'inauguration', 'Madras', 'Chennai', 'clients', 'Gandhinagar', 'access', '300 people', 'region', 'Europe', 'circularity', 'CEO', 'cornerstone', 'country', 'talents', 'industries', 'communities', 'forefront', 'sustainability', 'roots', 'journey', 'academia', 'government', 'start-ups', 'centers', 'excellence', 'resources', 'affordable', 'experience', 'history', 'offices', 'Delhi', 'Mumbai', 'Dahej', 'LNG', 'hydrogen', 'ethylene', 'Products', 'Services', 'TPS', 'scalable', 'collaboration', 'execution', '34 countries', 'prosperity', 'revenues', 'counter', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'Email', '44']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,globenewswire.com
48880,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/13/3025576/0/en/Press-Release-Update-on-extraintestinal-pathogenic-E-coli-vaccine-phase-3-clinical-study.html,Press Release: Update on extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli vaccine phase 3 clinical study,Update on extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli vaccine phase 3 clinical study  Independent interim analysis of the E.mbrace phase 3 study finds that the......,Update on extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli vaccine phase 3 clinical studyIndependent interim analysis of the E.mbrace phase 3 study finds that the vaccine candidate didn’t demonstrate sufficient efficacy in preventing invasive E. coli diseaseNo safety signals related to the vaccine candidate were identifiedParis  February 13  2025. A scheduled review of the E.mbrace phase 3 study (clinical trial identifier: NCT04899336) conducted by an independent data monitoring committee (IDMC) determined that Sanofi and Johnson & Johnson’s vaccine candidate for extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli was not sufficiently effective at preventing invasive E. coli disease (IED) compared to placebo. No safety signals related to the vaccine candidate were identified and  throughout the study  investigators ensured that participants who developed IED received prompt treatment and care. As a result of the IDMC’s determination  the E.mbrace study is being discontinued.Jean-François ToussaintGlobal Head of Research and Development Vaccines  Sanofi“E. coli sepsis is a devastating disease and there are no preventative measures available to date. Driven by our ambition to transform the practice of medicine  we entered this ambitious although challenging field. We are disappointed to see that the vaccine was not associated with sufficient efficacy to support the trial continuation  and we will work tirelessly to understand the factors behind the IDMC’s finding and to share further analysis once available. We are grateful to the participants  families and healthcare professionals involved in this development program. While disappointed by this outcome  we remain steadfast in our commitment to drive innovation in R&D by developing first and best-in-class vaccines in areas of high unmet need.”In October 2023  Sanofi entered into an agreement with Janssen Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (Janssen)  a Johnson & Johnson company to develop and commercialize the vaccine candidate. Under the terms of the agreement  both parties agreed to co-fund current and future research and development costs. Sanofi paid $250 million in upfront and development milestones to be followed by commercial milestones.The E.mbrace study is a randomized  double-blind  placebo-controlled  multicenter  interventional phase 3 study evaluating the efficacy  safety  and immunogenicity of a single dose of the vaccine candidate compared to a placebo in the prevention of IED  which includes sepsis and bacteremia (blood infections).The study was initiated in June 2021 enrolling adults aged 60 years or older in stable health with a history of urinary tract infection in the past two years. The study was conducted at over 250 sites across five continents. Janssen Research & Development  LLC  is the trial sponsor and responsible party and will continue appropriate safety follow up for the currently enrolled participants.Financial considerationsAs a result of the discontinuation  Sanofi has recorded an impairment charge before tax of $250 million in the Q4 2024 IFRS results. This adjustment impacts negatively the full-year IFRS EPS reported in the Q4 2024 results press release on January 30  2025  by €0.15 from €4.59 previously to €4.44 now. This adjustment will be included in Sanofi’s Form 20-F for 2024 to be filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. However  there is no impact to the business net income / business EPS remaining unchanged respectively at €8 912 million / €7.12 (non-IFRS). There is no change to the financial guidance for 2025.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across the world  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | +33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comNicolas Obrist | +33 6 77 21 27 55 | nicolas.obrist@sanofi.comLéo Le Bourhis | +33 6 75 06 43 81 | leo.lebourhis@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | +33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comTimothy Gilbert | +1 516 521 2929 | timothy.gilbert@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen |+44 7545 513 693 | thomas.larsen@sanofi.comAlizé Kaisserian | +33 6 47 04 12 11 | alize.kaisserian@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | +1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comKeita Browne | +1 781 249 1766 | keita.browne@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | +33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | +1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comThibaud Châtelet | +33 6 80 80 89 90 | thibaud.chatelet@sanofi.comSanofi forward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions  and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.All trademarks mentioned in this press release are the property of the Sanofi group.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,mixed,0.17,0.23,0.6,True,English,"['extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli vaccine phase 3 clinical study', 'Press Release', 'Update', 'randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter, interventional phase 3 study', 'extraintestinal pathogenic E. coli vaccine phase 3 clinical study', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'E.mbrace phase 3 study', 'invasive E. coli disease', 'Léo Le Bourhis', 'The E.mbrace study', 'independent data monitoring committee', 'Q4 2024 results press release', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'clinical trial identifier', 'E. coli sepsis', 'Q4 2024 IFRS results', 'Jean-François Toussaint', 'high unmet need', 'urinary tract infection', 'past two years', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'Independent interim analysis', 'business net income', 'life-changing treatment options', 'SNY Media Relations', 'appropriate safety follow', 'Thibaud Châtelet', 'full-year IFRS EPS', 'Thomas Kudsk Larsen', 'Sanofi forward-looking statements', 'US Securities', 'devastating disease', 'Global Head', 'healthcare professionals', 'business EPS', 'vaccine candidate', 'prompt treatment', 'Investor Relations', 'trial continuation', 'trial sponsor', 'Johnson company', 'safety signals', 'scheduled review', 'preventative measures', 'challenging field', 'R&D', 'class vaccines', 'commercial milestones', 'single dose', 'blood infections', 'stable health', 'five continents', 'responsible party', 'Financial considerations', 'impairment charge', 'Exchange Commission', 'financial guidance', 'one purpose', 'social responsibility', 'Development Vaccines', 'development program', 'development costs', 'development milestones', 'sufficient efficacy', 'Janssen Pharmaceuticals', 'future research', 'Evan Berland', 'Alizé Kaisserian', 'Janssen Research', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Nicolas Obrist', 'Victor Rouault', 'Timothy Gilbert', 'Felix Lauscher', 'Keita Browne', 'Nathalie Pham', 'Tarik Elgoutni', 'Update', 'Paris', 'February', 'IDMC', 'IED', 'investigators', 'participants', 'determination', 'ambition', 'practice', 'medicine', 'ambitious', 'factors', 'finding', 'families', 'outcome', 'commitment', 'innovation', 'first', 'areas', 'October', 'agreement', 'terms', 'parties', 'current', 'upfront', 'immunogenicity', 'prevention', 'bacteremia', 'June', 'adults', 'history', '250 sites', 'discontinuation', 'tax', 'adjustment', 'January', 'impact', 'miracles', 'science', 'people', 'lives', 'team', 'world', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ', 'leo', 'lebourhis', 'alize', 'chatelet', '30', '2025']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,globenewswire.com
48881,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/02/13/3025589/0/en/UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD-REPORTS-FY-2024-EARNINGS.html,UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD REPORTS FY-2024 EARNINGS,Paris  February 13  2025    Press release   UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD REPORTS FY-2024 EARNINGS    Strong operational......,Paris  February 13  2025Press releaseUNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD REPORTS FY-2024 EARNINGSStrong operational performance supported by increased tenant sales and footfall dynamic leasing activity for retail and offices  and record C&E resultsWestfield Rise achieved 2024 net margin target of €75 MnLike-for-like EBITDA up +7.0% andAdjusted Recurring EPS above guidance at €9.85€1.6 Bn of disposal transactions1 achieved at book valueimproving the Group’s financial ratios€0.6 Bn of JV partner stake acquisitions at attractive termsStrategic decision to retain US Flagship assets+40% increase of proposed2 distribution to €3.50/share2025 AREPS forecasted to be in the range of €9.30 to €9.50reflecting underlying growth of at least 5% and 2024 & 2025 disposals2024 in review:Tenant sales up +4.5% and footfall up +2.6% vs. 2023€465 Mn of Minimum Guaranteed Rent (MGR) signed  with +6.5% uplift on top of indexed passing rents  including +11.1% on long-term dealsShopping Centre vacancy at 4.8%  60 bps improvement vs. 2023  reaching its lowest level since 2017Shopping Centre Net Rental Income (NRI) at €2 073 Mn  up +5.8% 3 on a like-for-like basison a like-for-like basis Offices & Others NRI of €102 Mn  up +14.4% on a like-for-like basisConvention & Exhibition Net Operating Income of €219 Mn  up +66.0% thanks to seasonality and the positive impact of the Paris Olympics and ParalympicsEBITDA of €2 352 Mn  up +7.0% vs. 2023 on a like-for-like basis€1.6 Bn of disposal transactions 1 completed or secured at book valuecompleted or secured at book value Net Debt to EBITDA at 8.7x vs. 9.3x in 2023More than 36 months of liquidity  with €13.9 Bn 4 available including €5.3 Bn of cash on handavailable including €5.3 Bn of cash on hand Recurring net result 5 of +€1 472 Mn and IFRS net result 6 of +€146 Mnof +€1 472 Mn and IFRS net result of +€146 Mn Successful delivery of 4 projects  including CNIT Eole and Lightwell  both in Paris La Défense€0.6 Bn7 of assets acquired at attractive terms  including the remaining 50% stake in both Westfield Montgomery and CH Ursynów shopping centres  as well as an additional 38.9% stake in the URW Germany JV8Commenting on the results  Jean-Marie Tritant  Chief Executive Officer  said:“In 2024  we delivered strong operating performance across all activities. Our Flagship shopping centres demonstrated their strength  with higher tenant sales and footfall in all regions  while our proactive leasing strategy delivered the highest occupancy level since 2017.Our Convention & Exhibition business delivered record results supported by the Paris Olympic and Paralympic Games  and Westfield Rise achieved the €75 Mn net margin target we set when this business was launched in 2022.We achieved €1.6 Bn of disposals at book value  leading to a 100 basis point improvement in our loan to value ratio  which is now at its lowest level since 2019.Our strong operating performance and disposal activity  combined with the stabilisation of retail asset values  allows us to propose a 40% increase in cash distribution to €3.50 per share – up from €2.50 per share last year.Over the past four years  we have reshaped our portfolio through €6.4 Bn of disposals in Europe and the US  made significant deleveraging progress  enhanced our operations and transformed the Group’s risk profile.Having achieved this transformation  we have made the strategic decision to retain our high performing Flagship assets in the US  which will deliver further growth and value creation.We will continue to deleverage through retained earnings  disciplined capital allocation and non-core disposals.We look forward to sharing our future growth plans at our Investor Day on May 14  2025.”For further information  please contact:Investor RelationsMeriem Delfi+33 7 63 45 59 77investor.relations@urw.comJuliette Aulagnon+33 6 15 74 20 43investor.relations@urw.comImane Rafiky+33 6 10 95 86 88investor.relations@urw.comMedia RelationsUK/Global:Robin Haddrill – Finelk+44 7920 016 203urw@finelk.euFrance:Etienne Dubanchet – PLEAD+33 6 62 70 09 43Etienne.Dubanchet@plead.frUnited States:Robyn Cottelli – URW+1 (929) 254-8309Robyn.Cottelli@urw.comAbout Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield is an owner  developer and operator of sustainable  high-quality real estate assets in the most dynamic cities in Europe and the United States.The Group operates 67 shopping centres in 11 countries  including 39 which carry the iconic Westfield brand. These centres attract over 900 million visits annually and provide a unique platform for retailers and brands to connect with consumers. URW also has a portfolio of high-quality offices  10 convention and exhibition venues in Paris  and a €3.5 Bn development pipeline of mainly mixed-use assets. Its€50 Bn portfolio is 87% in retail  6% in offices  5% in convention and exhibition venues  and 2% in services (as at December 31  2024).URW is a committed partner to major cities on urban regeneration projects  through both mixed-use development and the retrofitting of buildings to industry-leading sustainability standards. These commitments are enhanced by the Group’s Better Places plan  which strives to make a positive environmental  social and economic impact on the cities and communities where URW operates.URW’s stapled shares are listed on Euronext Paris (Ticker: URW)  with a secondary listing in Australia through Chess Depositary Interests. The Group benefits from a BBB+ rating from Standard & Poor’s and from a Baa2 rating from Moody’s.For more information  please visit www.urw.com1 Contribution to the proportionate net debt reduction for completed or secured disposals.2 Subject to approval by Annual General Meeting of Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE on April 29  2025  to be paid on May 12  2025.3 Shopping Centres Lfl NRI excluding airports  US Regionals and CBD asset.4 On an IFRS basis.5 Excluding hybrids coupon.6 IFRS result including recurring and non-recurring (including gains or losses on disposals  mark-to-market of assets and financial derivatives  etc.).7 Based on valuations as at December 31  2024.8 URW Germany JV (“URW Germany”) owns Minto (Mönchengladbach)  Höfe am Brühl (Leipzig)  Palais Vest (Recklinghausen)  a 50% stake in Paunsdorf Center (Leipzig)  a 20% stake in Gropius Passagen (Berlin)  the fee business activity for third-party assets in Germany  as well as a cash amount including the net proceeds from the recent sale of Pasing Arcaden (Munich).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.67,0.33,0.0,True,English,"['UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD REPORTS FY-2024 EARNINGS', 'long-term deals Shopping Centre vacancy', 'Shopping Centre Net Rental Income', 'CH Ursynów shopping centres', 'sustainable, high-quality real estate assets', 'high performing Flagship assets', 'Paris La Défense', 'Exhibition Net Operating Income', 'JV partner stake acquisitions', 'UNIBAIL-RODAMCO-WESTFIELD REPORTS FY-2024 EARNINGS', '€75 Mn net margin target', '2024 net margin target', 'Flagship shopping centres', 'IFRS net result', 'strong operating performance', 'Strong operational performance', 'Minimum Guaranteed Rent', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'proactive leasing strategy', 'past four years', 'significant deleveraging progress', 'Recurring net result', 'highest occupancy level', 'iconic Westfield brand', 'dynamic leasing activity', 'C&E results', 'US Flagship assets', 'future growth plans', 'urban regeneration projects', 'higher tenant sales', 'retail asset values', '€3.5 Bn development pipeline', 'URW Germany JV8', '100 basis point improvement', '67 shopping centres', 'Net Debt', 'mixed-use assets', 'committed partner', 'high-quality offices', 'remaining 50% stake', 'additional 38.9% stake', 'Recurring EPS', '60 bps improvement', 'disposal activity', 'dynamic cities', 'exhibition venues', 'lowest level', 'Westfield Rise', 'Westfield Montgomery', 'Press release', 'disposal transactions1', 'book value', 'financial ratios', 'attractive terms', 'Strategic decision', 'proposed2 distribution', 'underlying growth', 'passing rents', 'positive impact', 'Paris Olympics', 'Successful delivery', 'CNIT Eole', 'Jean-Marie Tritant', 'Exhibition business', 'record results', 'Paralympic Games', 'value ratio', 'risk profile', 'value creation', 'capital allocation', 'Meriem Delfi', 'Juliette Aulagnon', 'Imane Rafiky', 'Robin Haddrill', 'United States', 'Robyn Cottelli', 'Robyn.Cottelli', '900 million visits', 'unique platform', 'major cities', 'Others NRI', 'Investor Day', 'Media Relations', 'cash distribution', 'The Group', 'core disposals', 'Etienne Dubanchet', 'basis Convention', 'Investor Relations', 'Bn portfolio', '4 projects', '472 Mn', '146 Mn', '€1.6 Bn', '4 Bn', '2025 disposals', '10 convention', 'February', 'footfall', 'EBITDA', 'guidance', '+40% increase', '2025 AREPS', 'range', 'review', 'MGR', '+6.5% uplift', 'top', 'seasonality', 'Paralympics', 'More', '36 months', 'liquidity', 'hand', 'Lightwell', 'activities', 'strength', 'regions', 'loan', 'stabilisation', 'share', 'Europe', 'operations', 'transformation', 'deleverage', 'May', 'information', 'UK', 'Global', 'Finelk', 'France', 'PLEAD', 'owner', 'developer', 'operator', '11 countries', 'retailers', 'brands', 'consumers', 'services', 'December']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,globenewswire.com
48882,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://corpgov.law.harvard.edu/2025/02/13/the-transformation-of-the-ceo-global-ceo-turnover-index-annual-report/,The Transformation of the CEO: Global CEO Turnover Index Annual Report,Chapter One: A record year for elections and CEO turnover With almost half the world’s population involved in national elections  2024 was a year characterized by change  so it is perhaps no surprise to see the recent trend of high CEO turnover reach a new pe…,Chapter One: A record year for elections and CEO turnoverWith almost half the world’s population involved in national elections  2024 was a year characterized by change  so it is perhaps no surprise to see the recent trend of high CEO turnover reach a new peak with record departures reported.The latest figure of 202 departures significantly surpasses the six-year average of 186 and represents a 9% increase from the 2023 number. The S&P 500 is a powerful indicator of the trend  with 58 CEOs departing in 2024  a 21% increase compared to 2023—this marks the second-highest number on record and exceeds the six-year average of 52. The ASX 200 and SMI 20 also experienced record-breaking turnover  with 70% of all global indices tracked showing higher than average turnover.However  a number of key markets are bucking this trend. For example  the FTSE 100 saw just 12 CEOs depart in 2024  a decrease of 14% compared to 2023. Similarly  the DAX 40 turnover was also low with just five CEOs departing in the last two calendar years  while the NIFTY 50 in India saw just three departures in 2024 (compared to seven in 2023).The convergence of theatre and scienceStephen Langton  an RRA Managing Director in Asia Pacific  believes two major trends are converging to drive this record turnover: “When I assess the overall data  there are two major forces at play here—theatre and science.“When I say theatre  I mean that today everyone—the media and beyond—wants to talk about CEO succession. So  while company margins or percentage rates may be changing  what people gravitate to is the human story of the CEO: Did they succeed  or did they fail and why? This is true of the public at large but particularly shareholders who I’m seeing going to a chair and asking for a change in CEO.“The combined effect of this is a rise in exposure for today’s CEOs. There’s more attention and more scrutiny and  as a result  it is more common for the front runner to turn down the job. The increased emphasis on the CEO role and the accompanying celebrity status has ramped up the pressure and we’re seeing more CEOs who only want to do the job once. This contrasts with the recent past where it was not uncommon for a CEO to be taking up their third or fourth role and the net effect of this is that there are now fewer experienced CEOs  more ‘step up’ candidates who have never been a CEO before  and potentially an increasing number of well-qualified leaders who don’t want the top job. “The second force is the science of CEO succession—the methodology and process of replacing a CEO has changed radically in favor of detailed due diligence. Boards are spending much more time focusing on appointing the right CEO and ensuring that the biggest variance in risk and performance is not the wrong CEO.”Activist investors making their presence feltAnother trend that could be driving record CEO turnover is the role of activist investors. According to the global investment bank Barclays  a record 27 CEOs resigned or were forced out last year by activist investors  nearly treble the number in 2020.Rusty O’Kelley  RRA Co-Lead Board and CEO Advisory Partners in the Americas  discusses the growing influence of this group: “There is no doubt that activist investors are a key contributor to the record turnover numbers in 2024 and their presence is being felt particularly strongly in the US. I would characterize these departures not as failed appointments but as failed execution.”“Activists are looking at total shareholder return  and they tend to jump in after six quarters of trailing performance—now that we are a couple of years on from the easing of Covid factors  activists want to know why their capital has not been deployed more effectively  that’s the tipping point in many cases. A good example of this in action is online retail where the Covid boom has dropped off and leaders perhaps overestimated their future performance.” Rusty O’Kelley  Russell Reynolds AssociatesEconomic and geopolitical factors at playRRA EMEIA Co-Lead Laura Sanderson believes the reason for the turnover disparity in 2024 is directly linked to the current economic and geopolitical situation of individual nations: “While overall CEO turnover is up  where we are seeing a depressed turnover rate it is usually connected to depressed economic performance and political uncertainty as a result of almost half the world heading to the polls in 2024. This is not a huge surprise—when the outlook is uncertain and the going gets tough  you don’t change your CEO; rather you tend to wait until the economic outlook is a bit better  and then you change your CEO.”This is reflected in lower CEO turnover rates for the FTSE 100 following a UK election and sluggish GDP growth  and similar patterns for the DAX 40 with political uncertainty in Germany and the NIFTY 50 on the back of elections in India. Conversely  with no elections in Australia and Switzerland  we have seen record-breaking levels of turnover in both markets  clear evidence that elevated turnover can be a positive indicator of a stable political backdrop. The S&P 500 CEO turnover data represents something of an outlier given the US also went to the polls  but an ongoing economic boom is an important factor here.O’Kelley makes the point that political uncertainty has and will continue to have an impact on the role of the CEO: “Against this backdrop  CEO responsibility today is not so much the ability to navigate complexity  but the ability to navigate completely unexpected events and relationships. This is going to be more important than ever as populist movements gather momentum after the 2024 elections.“In addition to dealing with the needs of employees  investors and other stakeholders  CEOs will also need to carefully manage their relationships with governments  and this may well lead to even higher rates of turnover. The bottom line is that the job just got even harder.”Encouraging signs for gender length of serviceWhile the trend for outgoing CEO tenure across the board remained in line with the six-year average  the last twelve months have revealed encouraging signs from a gender perspective.Overall average length of service stands at 7.4 years though there are some notable outliers with the DAX 40 (8.4 years)  Euronext 100 (9 years)  and the STI 20 (11.1 years) all experiencing longer tenure year-on-year.Sanderson sees this average tenure as a positive: “Most of the research strongly suggests that CEO effectiveness peaks at around year six and starts to decline from year eight  so 7.4 years is a solid foundation for effective CEO performance.”While the overall picture is steady  the gender picture has gradually improved over the last six years. This trend is brought into sharp focus when you consider the figures from 2023 and 2024. In 2023  the average tenure for women CEOs was over four years shorter than that of their male counterparts. However  the 2024 data reveals a significant improvement  with the gap closing to three years  with the average tenure for women CEOs now 4.6 years compared to 7.6 for men CEOs.Particular markets highlight this shift  with the S&P 500 average tenure for women CEOs growing from 2.1 years to 3.5 years  and the FTSE 250 figure growing from 6 years to 7.4 years.Gender parity still too far awayThe bigger picture around gender parity is also improving  but not quickly enough.At the start of 2024  we were 81 years away from gender parity. Twelve months on  that figure is down to 72.5 years. In some markets  the picture is more positive—the figure for the DAX 40 is 34 years and the FTSE 100 is 39 but in others—the Nikkei 225 and S&P/TSX Composite—it is significantly higher than the average.Sanderson believes the latest data is encouraging and sobering in equal measure: “We really shouldn’t be in this position  but it is positive to be making significant inroads  and it is a fact that the current trend of high CEO turnover is good for gender parity as it creates opportunities—opportunities that have been grasped by women CEOs. But there is much work to do and our experience working with women on boards is that it is only through sustained  concerted efforts that we can continue to accelerate progress.”In total  2024 saw 24 women take on new CEO roles  accounting for 11% of all incoming CEOs. This is the second highest number of incoming women CEOs in the study  following 26 in 2022  although the proportion is down slightly from 12% in 2023Chapter Two: The transformation of the CEO role and pathwayOne of the key trends emerging from the 2024 research is the remarkable CEO turnover reported by the technology sector.While CEO turnover across all industries is up 9% year-on-year  the corresponding figure for the technology sector is ten times that at 90%. In total  40 tech CEOs departed  which represented 50% more turnover than the six-year average.RRA consultant and member of the Technology Practice  Sean Roberts assesses the landscape: “The technology sector is going through a period of profound change  and this change is being turbo-charged by Gen AI  digital infrastructure investment  and continued growth in software. This has triggered the creation of new or growing companies requiring CEO talent. However  we have also seen expectations of increased performance or strategic change have a direct impact on the increase in CEO appointments  and this has been particularly prevalent in the privately held software market.“In addition  the rise in interest rates in the last two years has triggered a massive shift in ‘growth at all costs’ CEOs to CEOs that can grow top and bottom line. It also gave investors an excuse to trade out underperforming CEOs for new ones with new skillsets.”Roberts also adds that a handful of ‘technology superstars’ are changing the entire dynamic of the sector. He explains: “The major global players are in a position where they can place a huge number of ‘bets’ across a wide variety of different technologies and these ‘hyper-scalers’ are now setting the direction for entire ecosystems which brings an additional layer of pressure to tech companies across the board.”Given the transformational backdrop outlined above  it is perhaps not surprising that 2024 was also a remarkable year for short-term appointments  with 43 CEOs departing within the first 36 months  the highest level since 2018. Ten of these departures were within technology  an annual record for the sector.Transformation is a constant state of beingLangton makes the point that this relentless disruption is not confined to tech companies: “There isn’t a single CEO role profile out there that isn’t stamped with the word ‘transformation’—it’s what every business wants in a leader. Traditionally  transformation was a phase of a company’s evolution  but today it is a constant state of being.“Given the nature of the sector and the rapid development of AI  it is no surprise to see such a high rate of turnover in technology. But every sector aspires to the qualities that have supercharged the growth in technology—who doesn’t want to be mercantile  entrepreneurial  visionary  and innovative? As a result  speed and pace are basic requirements for every leader of every company and as businesses evolve  so do the expectations around the CEO.”New routes to the top jobConsidering the disruptive nature of the landscape described above  it is perhaps predictable that in 2024 the technology sector had the lowest number of incoming CEOs with CEO experience at just 8%.Roberts examines this finding: “Many CEOs have been in a holding pattern given the lack of private equity deal activity in the past two years and therefore companies have had to be more creative in attracting CEO talent. Technology CEOs come in all shapes and sizes and there is no ‘formula’ for it. So  for example  while the CFO is often seen as a natural stepping-stone to CEO  in technology the route is different because of the intense focus on differentiating through product  technology and Go-To-Market strategy. It’s all about customer centricity and a laser focus on the things that will drive growth in the business.”The latest research revealed that this changing route to the CEO job is by no means confined to technology. Across all sectors  the 2024 numbers identified COO as the joint highest route to the top. COOs and other executives both made up 22% of incoming CEOs in 2024  ahead of existing CEOs at 15%  CFOs at 10%  Other C-Suite at 7% and Regional Heads at 4%; Deputy CEOs at 1%  the remaining 20% were made up of divisional heads.These figures are in line with the six-year average with COO  Other C-Suite  Other Executive and Regional Head slightly more prevalent and CFO  Deputy CEO and Division Head slightly less common.But it is telling that the COO figure for the S&P 500 and NIFTY 50 is significantly higher at 33%  given that the US and India are both on the frontline of technological advancement. It’s a link that Sanderson wants to explore: “We’re seeing quite a few of our clients needing to create COO roles which involve major responsibility for the technology transformation their organizations are required to make  and that experience is good preparation for a CEO role.“To be an effective digital first leader you need the systems thinking brain to understand how the technology works  but you also need a deep understanding of the business model applications from a commercial and strategic point of view allied to people and change management skills  because every technology implementation is a massive change management and people development opportunity. This combination of complementary skills learned and developed at COO level is the ideal platform for a CEO role because what a CEO really needs is enterprise-wide thinking.”New dynamics and new challenges for today’s CEOAll of the conditions outlined above are contributing to the changing nature of today’s CEO.Langton believes that boards and investors no longer want a CEO to be top of the pyramid: “We want the next CEO to be a member of the executive team with a clear convening role. In the recent past we’ve seen boards struggle to appoint internally because CEOs had selected their teams to serve the CEO  not replace them. But today  we’re coming out of that era and moving to a time of more collective responsibility  where the CEO leads an organization through their team  not through a personal mandate.”Sanderson echoes this view: “Today  we want a CEO to invite their team to come together and work it out as a collective. For me  the role of a CEO today is to create and guide a team of leaders  not command and control them—they’re not conducting an orchestra  they’re leading a jazz band and improvisation is very much the order of the day.”Chapter Three: Succession planning on the riseLast year told a hugely positive story around succession planning  with 22% of all CEO departures occurring because of a planned succession process—a 13% increase year-on-year  and the highest level ever recorded. This growing emphasis on succession planning contributed to fewer CEO removals  with the figure dropping to 14%  a significant decrease from 27% in 2023 and the lowest level since records began in 2018.Sanderson welcomes these developments: “This is great news on both counts. Firstly  it’s a sign that boards are being more proactive and long-term in their thinking when it comes to succession planning  and it’s also encouraging to see lower levels of CEO removals.”Langton agrees and makes the point that the succession planning process is now becoming perennial: “The only decision that a board has to make without management support is the selection of a CEO—it is the single most important decision they will make  which is why we are starting to see boards apply more science around it.“Formalized succession planning is becoming far more common and as part of this process  many boards now start succession planning as soon as a new CEO is in place. This is for two reasons—one  so that they never need to formally declare to shareholders and media that they have put this process in motion and two  because it is absolutely the right thing to do. I fully expect this clear trend towards better succession planning to continue to move in the right direction.”O’Kelley expands on this: “There are almost no directors that I speak to who aren’t at the very least preparing for succession planning—it is a huge area of focus. Today  the organizations we work with are thinking longer term than ever before  on average two to four years ahead and in some cases up to seven years ahead.”Succession planning driving internal trendIn line with the trend towards longer-term succession planning  2024 also saw a record number of leaders promoted from within their organization  with this group making up 73% of all incoming CEOs  a figure above the six-year average of 69%. Against the transformation backdrop outlined in this report  internal candidates comprised 84% of incoming CEOs in the technology sector  significantly above the six-year sector average of 66%.Although the FTSE 250 and NIFTY 50 leaned more on external talent  with 63% and 67% of their hires coming from outside the organization  Sanderson highlights the direct link between a 22% increase in succession planning and a record level of internal appointments: “This clearly demonstrates that more and more companies are hunting first for their next CEO inside not outside their organization and that they are doing a better job in preparing their internal pipeline. This can only be good news because this is the best way to lower the risk of destroying shareholder value.”Langton also links the science of CEO succession outlined earlier to the growth of internal appointments: “Boards are under huge pressure to appoint internally because an external appointment can be read as: What was wrong? Why was nobody ready? The other factor is that with an increasing number of CEOs only wanting to do the job once  there are more opportunities available to internal candidates.”Stepping up to the topThe internal trend is mirrored by the increase in first-time candidates  with 85% of all incoming CEOs individuals who hadn’t been a CEO before. This figure is on a par with the six-year average though  again  the FTSE 250 relied more than others on experienced leaders  with 39% of their hires having previous group-level CEO experience.Langton reflects on this: “The proliferation of step-up candidates will increase because boards have far more control of an internal appointment with L plates on their back than an external appointment where there are more unknowns. Also  boards want to send a message that they’ve done a good job  and the future of their company is in safe hands.”The trend for internally appointed CEOs to serve longer than their external equivalents continues too. This has now been the case since records began in 2018 and the 2024 numbers revealed average internal CEO tenure at 8.7 years as opposed to 7.3 years for external.ConclusionWith emerging technology set to turbocharge transformation at an even greater pace in 2025  the three themes identified in this report can help guide the way forward for boards and other senior decision makers.A record year of CEO turnover  the transformation of the CEO and pathway  and the continuing rise of succession planning are all significant factors that can help boards make informed decisions over the next twelve months.With increased scrutiny and pressure on CEOs  getting succession right has never been more important.A link to the full report can be found here.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.22,0.78,True,English,"['Global CEO Turnover Index Annual Report', 'The', 'Transformation', 'RRA EMEIA Co-Lead Laura Sanderson', 'last two calendar years', 'lower CEO turnover rates', 'RRA Co-Lead Board', 'RRA Managing Director', 'two major trends', 'two major forces', 'accompanying celebrity status', 'detailed due diligence', 'Rusty O’Kelley', 'total shareholder return', 'Russell Reynolds Associates', 'sluggish GDP growth', 'global investment bank', 'depressed turnover rate', 'stable political backd', 'The S&P 500', 'CEO Advisory Partners', 'fewer experienced CEOs', 'record turnover numbers', 'high CEO turnover', 'depressed economic performance', 'overall CEO turnover', 'record CEO turnover', 'percentage rates', 'global indices', 'overall data', 'record-breaking turnover', 'average turnover', 'turnover disparity', 'elevated turnover', 'political uncertainty', 'new peak', 'latest figure', 'six-year average', 'powerful indicator', 'The ASX', 'Stephen Langton', 'Asia Pacific', 'company margins', 'human story', 'combined effect', 'front runner', 'recent past', 'net effect', 'second force', 'biggest variance', 'Activist investors', 'growing influence', 'key contributor', 'six quarters', 'trailing performance', 'Covid factors', 'tipping point', 'many cases', 'online retail', 'Covid boom', 'future performance', 'geopolitical factors', 'current economic', 'geopolitical situation', 'individual nations', 'UK election', 'similar patterns', 'record-breaking levels', 'clear evidence', 'positive indicator', 'CEO succession', 'right CEO', 'wrong CEO', 'DAX 40 turnover', 'record 27 CEOs', 'fourth role', 'record year', 'record departures', 'CEO role', 'five CEOs', 'key markets', 'three departures', 'good example', 'huge surprise', 'economic outlook', 'highest number', 'increasing number', 'top job', 'national elections', 'recent trend', '58 CEOs', '12 CEOs', '202 departures', '2023 number', 'Chapter', 'half', 'world', 'population', 'change', '9% increase', '21% increase', 'SMI', 'FTSE 100', 'decrease', 'NIFTY', 'India', 'convergence', 'theatre', 'science', 'play', 'everyone', 'media', 'people', 'public', 'large', 'shareholders', 'chair', 'exposure', 'today', 'attention', 'scrutiny', 'result', 'emphasis', 'pressure', 'third', 'candidates', 'leaders', 'methodology', 'process', 'favor', 'Boards', 'time', 'risk', 'presence', 'Barclays', 'Americas', 'group', 'doubt', 'appointments', 'failed', 'execution', 'Activists', 'capital', 'action', 'reason', 'polls', 'going', 'Germany', 'Australia', 'Switzerland']",2025-02-13,2025-02-14,corpgov.law.harvard.edu
48883,EuroNext,Bing API,https://seekingalpha.com/news/4408670-euronext-targets-670m-expenses-in-2025-with-investment-in-strategic-growth,Euronext targets €670M expenses in 2025 with investment in strategic growth,Euronext N.V. reports strong Q4 2024 earnings with double-digit growth  strategic acquisitions  and innovation.,Euronext N.V. reports strong Q4 2024 earnings with double-digit growth  strategic acquisitions  and innovation.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,True,English,"['€670M expenses', 'strategic growth', 'Euronext', 'investment', 'Euronext N.V.', 'strong Q4 2024 earnings', 'double-digit growth', 'strategic acquisitions', 'innovation']",2025-02-14,2025-02-14,seekingalpha.com
48884,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.dutchnews.nl/businesswire/wolters-kluwer-named-business-to-business-company-of-the-year-by-best-in-biz-awards/,Wolters Kluwer named Business-to-Business Company of the Year by Best in Biz Awards,Judges also celebrated ELM Solutions’ AI-powered LegalVIEW BillAnalyzer solution HOUSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–#amplify—Wolters Kluwer’s ELM Solutions business has been recognized as Business-to-Business Company of the Year by the 14th annual Best in Biz Awards.,Judges also celebrated ELM Solutions’ AI-powered LegalVIEW BillAnalyzer solutionHOUSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–#amplify—Wolters Kluwer’s ELM Solutions business has been recognized as Business-to-Business Company of the Year by the 14th annual Best in Biz Awards. The program’s independent panel of prestigious business journalists also celebrated ELM Solutions’ innovative AI solutions and powerful approach to engaging customers.“ELM Solutions is a trusted partner of legal professionals navigating the evolving industry landscape ” said Raja Sengupta  Executive Vice President and General Manager of Wolters Kluwer ELM Solutions. “Our innovations provide clients with the software tools and insights required to manage their legal matters and build stronger relationships both within and outside of the corporate legal department.”Judges also recognized ELM Solutions’ achievements in technology and customer engagement:Event of the Year (Silver): The annual Amplify user conference brings clients and ELM Solutions’ innovative team of technologists and legal specialists together for a series of expert-led panels and in-depth solution training sessions.Most Innovative Service of the Year  Bronze: LegalVIEW BillAnalyzer is an innovative legal spend management solution that leverages the power of AI to optimize the invoice review process  improve cost management  and enhance billing guideline compliance.The Best in Biz Awards is an independent business awards program judged by prominent members of the press. Judges hail from a wide range of top-tier business publications that includes the Wall Street Journal  Forbes and Wired.For more information about Wolters Kluwer’s please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.ContactsMEDIA CONTACT:Frank ReadyManager  External CommunicationsLegal & RegulatoryWolters KluwerOffice: 717-205-3647Email: Frank.Ready@wolterskluwer.com,positive,0.62,0.37,0.0,neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer', 'Business Company', 'Biz Awards', 'Year', 'innovative legal spend management solution', 'depth solution training sessions', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'ELM Solutions’ innovative AI solutions', 'annual Amplify user conference', 'Wolters Kluwer ELM Solutions', 'independent business awards program', 'ELM Solutions’ achievements', 'LegalVIEW BillAnalyzer solution', 'evolving industry landscape', 'Executive Vice President', 'invoice review process', 'Wall Street Journal', 'deep domain knowledge', 'ELM Solutions business', 'prestigious business journalists', 'top-tier business publications', 'billing guideline compliance', 'Wolters Kluwer Office', 'corporate legal department', 'Frank Ready Manager', 'innovative team', 'Innovative Service', 'cost management', 'software solutions', 'expert solutions', 'independent panel', 'corporate compliance', '14th annual', 'Biz Awards', '2023 annual revenues', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'General Manager', 'corporate performance', 'legal matters', 'legal specialists', 'Business Company', 'powerful approach', 'trusted partner', 'Raja Sengupta', 'software tools', 'stronger relationships', 'customer engagement', 'expert-led panels', 'prominent members', 'wide range', 'global leader', 'critical decisions', 'MEDIA CONTACT', 'External Communications', 'legal professionals', 'Judges', 'AI-powered', 'HOUSTON', 'Year', 'customers', 'innovations', 'clients', 'insights', 'technology', 'Event', 'Silver', 'technologists', 'series', 'The', 'press', 'Forbes', 'Wired', 'information', 'wolterskluwer', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'regulatory', 'ESG', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,400 people', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'Contacts', 'Email']",2025-02-14,2025-02-14,dutchnews.nl
48885,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.business-live.co.uk/enterprise/hermes-share-price-rises-handbag-31005912,Hermès share price rises as handbag-maker retains luxury crown,The family-owned handbag-maker today reported yet another bumper set of results  defying the wider luxury downturn and sending the share price to a fresh record high,"Something went wrong  please try again later.Invalid email Something went wrong  please try again later.Sign up to FREE email alerts from BusinessLive - Enterprise - good ideas  product development and SME news every WednesdaySomething went wrong  please try again later.Shares in luxury handbag retailer Hermès saw an increase this morning following the family-owned company's announcement of another impressive set of results.The firm reported a revenue of €15.2bn (£12.66bn) for 2024  marking a 15 per cent year-on-year rise  as reported by City AM.The share price of the Euronext-listed company climbed 2.5 per cent in early trades  indicating a 34 percent increase over the past year and a threefold surge since 2020.Operating income reached €6.2bn—equivalent to 40.5 per cent of sales—while net profit amounted to €4.6bn—30.3 per cent of sales.Hermès has managed to remain unaffected by the widespread downturn in the luxury sector over the past two years  a resilience analysts attribute to its strong brand identity and the coveted status of its Birkin bags.""In 2024  in a more uncertain economic and geopolitical context  the solid performance of the results attests to the strength of the Hermès model and the agility of the house’s teams  whom I thank warmly "" said Axel Dumas  Executive Chairman of Hermès.He added: ""While preserving the group’s major balances and its responsibility as an employer  the house is staying the course  attached more than ever to its fundamental values of quality  creativity and savoir-faire.""Notably  even sales in Asia increased  a remarkable feat considering the global luxury downturn has been largely driven by falling sales in this region.Sales in Asia  excluding Japan  saw a 7 per cent increase  while sales in Japan surged by 23 per cent. The Americas and Europe also experienced robust growth with sales rising by 15 per cent and 19 per cent respectively.Hermès has proposed a dividend of €16.00 per share  with an interim dividend of €3.50 set to be paid on February 19. ""In the medium-term  despite the economic  geopolitical and monetary uncertainties around the world  the group confirms an ambitious goal for revenue growth at constant exchange rates "" the company stated.Like this story? Why not sign up to get the latest business news straight to your inbox.",neutral,0.08,0.92,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.15,0.58,True,English,"['Hermès share price', 'luxury crown', 'handbag-maker', 'strong brand identity', 'constant exchange rates', 'luxury handbag retailer', 'FREE email alerts', 'past two years', 'latest business news', 'global luxury downturn', 'Hermès model', '7 per cent increase', 'luxury sector', 'Invalid email', 'SME news', 'past year', 'widespread downturn', '15 per cent', '40.5 per cent', '3 per cent', '19 per cent', 'good ideas', 'product development', 'impressive set', 'year rise', 'City AM', 'early trades', '34 percent increase', 'threefold surge', 'Operating income', 'resilience analysts', 'coveted status', 'Birkin bags', 'uncertain economic', 'geopolitical context', 'solid performance', 'Axel Dumas', 'Executive Chairman', 'major balances', 'fundamental values', 'remarkable feat', 'The Americas', 'robust growth', 'economic, geopolitical', 'monetary uncertainties', 'ambitious goal', 'family-owned company', 'Euronext-listed company', 'share price', 'interim dividend', 'revenue growth', 'Something', 'BusinessLive', 'Enterprise', 'Shares', 'announcement', 'results', 'firm', 'sales', 'strength', 'agility', 'house', 'teams', 'group', 'responsibility', 'employer', 'course', 'quality', 'creativity', 'savoir-faire', 'Asia', 'falling', 'region', 'Japan', 'Europe', 'February', 'medium-term', 'world', 'story', 'inbox', '30']",2025-02-14,2025-02-14,business-live.co.uk
48886,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.forbesindia.com/article/explainers/largest-stock-exchanges-world-market-cap/95312/1,Top 10 largest stock exchanges in the world by market Cap,Explore the world's top 10 largest stock exchanges by market cap data and see how these financial giants shape the world economy,In an academic sense  stock exchanges shape global finance by providing a secure platform for trading stocks  derivatives  and commodities  influencing investments and economic stability. More practically  their performance reflects broader economic conditions and market sentiment across regions. Often  they are the face of an entire economy.This article highlights some of the largest stock exchanges as of November 2024  including the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ. These exchanges facilitate billions in daily transactions and are key indicators of economic strength and overall corporate performance.Top 10 largest stock exchanges worldwideBased on the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) report  here’s a list of stock exchanges by market capitalisation as of November 2024Rank Stock Exchange Market Cap (in USD millions) 1 New York Stock Exchange 31 649 898 2 NASDAQ 30 128 325 3 Shanghai Stock Exchange 7 170 382 4 Japan Exchange Group 6 400 158 5 Euronext 5 687 221 6 Bombay Stock Exchange 5 340 000 7 National Stock Exchange of India 5 245 474 8 Shenzhen Stock Exchange 4 672 988 9 Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing 4 373 121 10 TMX Group 3 573 335Let’s briefly discuss these largest stock exchanges and what sets them apart in the global competitive market.New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)Founded in: May 1792Country: United StatesEstablished in 1792  NYSE ranks first among the top 10 stock exchanges in the world by market cap exceeding $31 649 898 million. The NYSE is known for its diverse range of listed companies  including some of the world’s most recognised brands: NVIDIA  Apple  Microsoft  and HDFC Bank. The secure trading environment attracts billions in daily transactions  making it a key player in the global economy.,neutral,0.22,0.78,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Top 10 largest stock exchanges', 'world', 'market', 'Cap', 'Rank Stock Exchange Market Cap', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Top 10 largest stock exchanges', '3 Shanghai Stock Exchange', 'Bombay Stock Exchange', '7 National Stock Exchange', '8 Shenzhen Stock Exchange', 'top 10 stock exchanges', '4 Japan Exchange Group', 'Hong Kong Exchanges', 'broader economic conditions', 'overall corporate performance', 'secure trading environment', 'global competitive market', 'market sentiment', 'market capitalisation', 'secure platform', 'trading stocks', 'TMX Group', 'global finance', 'economic stability', 'economic strength', 'global economy', 'academic sense', 'entire economy', 'daily transactions', 'key indicators', 'WFE) report', 'USD millions', 'United States', 'diverse range', 'listed companies', 'recognised brands', 'HDFC Bank', 'key player', 'World Federation', 'The NYSE', 'derivatives', 'commodities', 'investments', 'regions', 'face', 'article', 'November', 'NASDAQ', 'billions', 'Euronext', 'India', 'Clearing', 'May', 'Country', 'NVIDIA', 'Apple', 'Microsoft']",2025-02-14,2025-02-14,forbesindia.com
48887,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/economy/earnings-call-transcript-euronext-s-robust-2024-financials-fuel-optimism/ar-AA1z3aOO,Earnings call transcript: Euronext's robust 2024 financials fuel optimism,Euronext (EPA:ENX) reported strong financial results for the full year 2024  showcasing significant revenue and earnings growth. The company's revenue reached €1 626.9 million  marking a 10.3% increase year-over-year ,Euronext (EPA:ENX) reported strong financial results for the full year 2024  showcasing significant revenue and earnings growth. The company's revenue reached €1 626.9 million  marking a 10.3% increase year-over-year ,positive,0.6,0.4,0.0,neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,True,English,"['Earnings call', 'robust 2024 financials', 'transcript', 'Euronext', 'optimism', 'strong financial results', 'full year', 'earnings growth', 'significant revenue', 'Euronext', 'EPA', 'ENX', 'company', '10.3% increase']",2025-02-14,2025-02-14,msn.com
