UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
17460,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/xsjChKEXfJ,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/xsjChKEXfJ,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda']",2023-01-31,2023-02-07,Unknown
17529,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,We’ll be “springing” into a new season programme on 3 March! Booking is open for the Deutsche Börse Photography F… https://t.co/fneZ0Y4hXQ,nan,We’ll be “springing” into a new season programme on 3 March! Booking is open for the Deutsche Börse Photography F… https://t.co/fneZ0Y4hXQ,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['new season programme', '3 March', 'Booking', 'new season programme', '3 March', 'Booking']",2023-02-01,2023-02-07,Unknown
17530,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,#New on the #OpenMarket is a.o. a 5% #bond of the Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG  due in 2027.For all today`s… https://t.co/9RkkTrvcfu,nan,#New on the #OpenMarket is a.o. a 5% #bond of the Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG  due in 2027.For all today`s… https://t.co/9RkkTrvcfu,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.02,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG', 'OpenMarket', '5% #bond', 'today', '9RkkTrvcfu', 'Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG', 'OpenMarket', '5% #bond', 'today', '9RkkTrvcfu']",2023-02-01,2023-02-07,Unknown
17599,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Chapter 3: Heads in the sand #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/lemWWe4cgH #regtech,nan,Chapter 3: Heads in the sand #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/lemWWe4cgH #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Chapter', 'Heads', 'sand', 'Chapter', 'Heads', 'sand']",2023-02-02,2023-02-07,Unknown
17602,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,This is awesome! We're so glad that you're loving your ClearStream 4V 😃 https://t.co/dE4SOFCLLM,nan,This is awesome! We're so glad that you're loving your ClearStream 4V 😃 https://t.co/dE4SOFCLLM,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['ClearStream 4V', 'ClearStream 4V']",2023-02-02,2023-02-07,Unknown
17603,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,🇱🇺🌍 Emerging markets are essential to the #greentransition  said financial experts in a panel at #Clearstream’s GFF… https://t.co/HeMF0rAktl,nan,🇱🇺🌍 Emerging markets are essential to the #greentransition  said financial experts in a panel at #Clearstream’s GFF… https://t.co/HeMF0rAktl,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,True,English,"['Emerging markets', 'financial experts', 'greentransition', 'panel', 'GFF', 'HeMF0rAktl', 'Emerging markets', 'financial experts', 'greentransition', 'panel', 'GFF', 'HeMF0rAktl']",2023-02-02,2023-02-07,Unknown
17608,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/TJkvaRkMw7,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/TJkvaRkMw7,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'TJkvaRkMw7', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'TJkvaRkMw7']",2023-02-02,2023-02-07,Unknown
17609,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse  Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC for Legally Binding Repo Transaction . German financial servic… https://t.co/4DMOAsil1M,nan,Deutsche Boerse  Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC for Legally Binding Repo Transaction . German financial servic… https://t.co/4DMOAsil1M,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC', 'German financial servic', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Repo Transaction', 'Commerzbank Complete Blockchain PoC', 'German financial servic', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Repo Transaction']",2023-02-02,2023-02-07,Unknown
17679,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/hXnSijdQ04,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/hXnSijdQ04,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda']",2023-02-03,2023-02-07,Unknown
17680,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,German Central Bank and Deutsche Boerse Successfully Complete Blockchain Settlement Trial . The Central Bank of Ger… https://t.co/YsiQO51jnD,nan,German Central Bank and Deutsche Boerse Successfully Complete Blockchain Settlement Trial . The Central Bank of Ger… https://t.co/YsiQO51jnD,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['German Central Bank', 'Blockchain Settlement Trial', 'The Central Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'YsiQO51jnD', 'German Central Bank', 'Blockchain Settlement Trial', 'The Central Bank', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'YsiQO51jnD']",2023-02-03,2023-02-07,Unknown
17681,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,SUSE's IPO virtual experience has won gold at this year’s iF DESIGN Awards! Seeing the Deutsche Börse come to life… https://t.co/HrECLeYOjP,nan,SUSE's IPO virtual experience has won gold at this year’s iF DESIGN Awards! Seeing the Deutsche Börse come to life… https://t.co/HrECLeYOjP,neutral,0.21,0.77,0.02,neutral,0.21,0.77,0.02,True,English,"['IPO virtual experience', 'iF DESIGN Awards', 'Deutsche Börse', 'SUSE', 'gold', 'year', 'life', 'HrECLeYOjP', 'IPO virtual experience', 'iF DESIGN Awards', 'Deutsche Börse', 'SUSE', 'gold', 'year', 'life', 'HrECLeYOjP']",2023-02-03,2023-02-07,Unknown
17682,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse  HQLAx Report ‘Significant Progress’ on Blockchain Securities Lending Platform . Deutsche Börse  HQL… https://t.co/WlB8ZhWlke,nan,Deutsche Börse  HQLAx Report ‘Significant Progress’ on Blockchain Securities Lending Platform . Deutsche Börse  HQL… https://t.co/WlB8ZhWlke,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Blockchain Securities Lending Platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'HQLAx Report', 'Significant Progress', 'WlB8ZhWlke', 'Blockchain Securities Lending Platform', 'Deutsche Börse', 'HQLAx Report', 'Significant Progress', 'WlB8ZhWlke']",2023-02-02,2023-02-07,Unknown
17751,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@cz_binance Let's say  if we have a web3 version of Euroclear / clear stream for bond settlement.  Will he be inter… https://t.co/Rc8q4qI2i2,nan,@cz_binance Let's say  if we have a web3 version of Euroclear / clear stream for bond settlement.  Will he be inter… https://t.co/Rc8q4qI2i2,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['web3 version', 'clear stream', 'bond settlement', 'cz_binance', 'Euroclear', 'Rc8q4qI2i2', 'web3 version', 'clear stream', 'bond settlement', 'cz_binance', 'Euroclear', 'Rc8q4qI2i2']",2023-02-04,2023-02-07,Unknown
17752,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Bipartisan bill on credit union governance clears first hurdle #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/QLK7wrS0q9 #regtech,nan,Bipartisan bill on credit union governance clears first hurdle #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/QLK7wrS0q9 #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['credit union governance', 'Bipartisan bill', 'first hurdle', 'co', 'credit union governance', 'Bipartisan bill', 'first hurdle', 'co']",2023-02-03,2023-02-07,Unknown
17753,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Banks  credit unions battle it out in upstate South Carolina #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/0O9BNq4ii3 #regtech,nan,Banks  credit unions battle it out in upstate South Carolina #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/0O9BNq4ii3 #regtech,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,True,English,"['upstate South Carolina', 'credit unions', 'Banks', 'upstate South Carolina', 'credit unions', 'Banks']",2023-02-03,2023-02-07,Unknown
17754,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,"Chapter 4: ""Post-LA"" #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/23tetqHlZk #regtech",nan,"Chapter 4: ""Post-LA"" #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/23tetqHlZk #regtech",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Chapter', 'LA', 'Fintech', 'tetqHlZk', 'Chapter', 'LA', 'Fintech', 'tetqHlZk']",2023-02-03,2023-02-07,Unknown
17755,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,These payment companies are rushing to serve small businesses #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/h4ZsVRNU9e #regtech,nan,These payment companies are rushing to serve small businesses #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/h4ZsVRNU9e #regtech,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['payment companies', 'small businesses', 'Fintech', 'payment companies', 'small businesses', 'Fintech']",2023-02-03,2023-02-07,Unknown
17756,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Examples of international CSDs include Clearstream (previously Cedel)  Euroclear and SIX SIS. While viewed as a nat… https://t.co/jV9iSiOZyZ,nan,Examples of international CSDs include Clearstream (previously Cedel)  Euroclear and SIX SIS. While viewed as a nat… https://t.co/jV9iSiOZyZ,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['international CSDs', 'SIX SIS', 'Examples', 'Clearstream', 'Cedel', 'Euroclear', 'international CSDs', 'SIX SIS', 'Examples', 'Clearstream', 'Cedel', 'Euroclear']",2023-02-03,2023-02-07,Unknown
17757,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Lessons from reality TV #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/D5mrDVPXfj #regtech,nan,Lessons from reality TV #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/D5mrDVPXfj #regtech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['reality TV', 'AAA Websites', 'Lessons', 'D5mrDVPXfj', 'reality TV', 'AAA Websites', 'Lessons', 'D5mrDVPXfj']",2023-02-03,2023-02-07,Unknown
17792,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CARGOTEC-OYJ-1412441/news/Cargotec-Corporation-Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-2023-42906333/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230206,Cargotec Corporation: Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023,(marketscreener.com) CARGOTEC CORPORATION  STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  6 FEBRUARY 2023 AT 9:10 AM Cargotec Corporation: Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 The Annual General Meeting of Cargotec Corporation will be held at Hotel Clarion  address Tyynenmerenkatu…,Cargotec Corporation: Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 02/06/2023 | 02:11am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields CARGOTEC CORPORATION  STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  6 FEBRUARY 2023 AT 9:10 AM (EET) Cargotec Corporation: Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 The Annual General Meeting of Cargotec Corporation will be held at Hotel Clarion  address Tyynenmerenkatu 2  Helsinki  Finland on Thursday  23 March 2023 at 1 p.m. (EET). The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 12 noon (EET). The company’s shareholders can exercise shareholder rights by voting in advance. Instructions for shareholders to vote in advance are provided in section C of this notice. Shareholders may also submit questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting in writing before the general meeting. Instructions for submitting written questions are set out in section C of this notice. It is possible to follow the Annual General Meeting via online video stream. Instructions for following the online video stream are available on the company’s website www.cargotec.fi/agm on 23 February 2023. Shareholders following the online video stream may ask questions or make comments in writing during the meeting. Following the online video stream or submitting written questions or comments does not mean official participation in the Annual General Meeting  and it does not enable the shareholders to exercise their right to speak and ask questions at the general meeting. Questions submitted in writing during the webcast are not questions submitted pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act. A. Matters on the agenda of the general meeting The meeting shall consider the following matters: 1. Opening of the meeting 2. Calling the meeting to order 3. Election of person to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes 4. Recording the legality of the meeting 5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the Board of Directors' report and the Auditors' report for the financial period 2022Presentation by the CEO 7. Adoption of the financial statements 8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and payment of dividends The Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 1 34 for each of class A shares and a dividend of EUR 1 35 for each of class B shares outstanding be paid. The dividend shall be paid to shareholders who on the record date for dividend distribution  27 March 2023  are registered as shareholders in the company’s shareholder register. The Board of Directors proposes the dividend be paid on 4 April 2023. 9. Resolution on the discharge from liability to the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO 10. Presentation of the remuneration report for governing bodies 11. Resolution on the remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors proposes  on the recommendation of the Nomination and Compensation Committee  that the yearly remunerations be unchanged. According to the proposal EUR 95 000 will be paid to the Chairman of the Board  EUR 70 000 to the Vice Chairman  EUR 70 000 to the Chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee and EUR 55 000 to the other Board members. In addition  members are proposed to be paid EUR 1 000 for attendance at board and committee meetings. According to the proposal  30 percent of the yearly remuneration will be paid in Cargotec's class B shares and the rest in cash on a quarterly basis and Cargotec will cover the transfer taxes related to the Board remuneration paid in shares. In addition  on the recommendation of the Nomination and Compensation Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the travel expenses of the members of the Board of Directors be reimbursed in accordance with the company's travel policy. 12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors proposes  on the recommendation of the Nomination and Compensation Committee  that the number of Board members be eight (8). 13. Election of the members of the Board The Board of Directors proposes  on the recommendation of the Nomination and Compensation Committee  that Jaakko Eskola  Ilkka Herlin  Teresa Kemppi-Vasama  Johanna Lamminen and Kaisa Olkkonen  who have given their consent for the election  be re-elected to the Board of Directors. Board Members Teuvo Salminen  Heikki Soljama and Casimir Lindholm have announced that they are no longer available for the election of board members. It is proposed that Raija-Leena Hankonen-Nybom  Tapio Kolunsarka and Ritva Sotamaa be elected as new Board Members in accordance with their consent. Raija-Leena Hankonen-Nybom  Tapio Kolunsarka and Ritva Sotamaa are independent of the company and of the significant shareholders. Information about the current Board Members can be found on Cargotec’s website www.cargotec.com and about the and new candidates on 23 February 2023 the latest. 14. Resolution on auditors’ remuneration The Board of Directors proposes  on the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Management Committee  that the fees to the auditors be paid according to their invoice reviewed by the company. 15. Resolution on the number of auditors The Board of Directors proposes  on the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Management Committee  that one (1) auditor be elected. 16. Election of the auditors The Board of Directors proposes  on the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Management Committee  that accounting firm Ernst & Young Oy be elected as the company’s auditor. 17. Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the articles of association The Board of Directors proposes the articles of association to be amended as follows: (i) Section 9 to be changed in its entirety as follows:The company shall have at least one (1) and no more than two (2) auditors. The auditor must be an auditor approved by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office  and the principal auditor must be an authorised public accountant. The term of office of auditor(s) elected by the Annual General Meeting lasts until the end of the Annual General meeting following their election. (ii) To be added to Section 12:The Board of Directors may resolve on organising a general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting by the use of telecommunication connections and technical means (remote meeting). (iii) To be removed from Section 12:The Annual General Meeting must be held annually on a date to be decided by the Board of Directors within three months of the end of the financial period. The proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the articles of association is attached as Annex I to this notice. 18. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of Cargotec's shares The Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of Cargotec's shares as follows: Altogether no more than 6 400 000 shares in the company may be purchased and/or accepted as pledge  of which no more than 952 000 are class A shares and 5 448 000 are class B shares. The shares may only be purchased with non-restricted equity. The purchase price of class A and B shares shall be based on the market price of Cargotec’s class B share in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd on the date of purchase: the minimum consideration shall be the lowest market price of the class B share of the company quoted in public trading during the authorisation period and the maximum consideration the highest market price quoted during the authorisation period. The shares may be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge through a directed purchase as defined in Chapter 15  Section 6 of the Limited Liability Companies Act. This authorisation shall remain in effect for a period of 18 months from the resolution by the general meeting and it will supersede the previous one. 19. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares The Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in chapter 10 section 1 of the Limited Liability Companies Act as follows: The amount of shares to be issued based on this authorisation shall not exceed 952 000 class A shares and 5 448 000 class B shares. The authorisation covers both the issuance of new shares as well as the transfer of treasury shares. The issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights  on the condition that the distribution of shares is based on weighty financial grounds. The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all the conditions of the issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation is proposed to remain in effect for a period of 18 months following the date of decision of the Annual General Meeting and it will supersede the previous one. 20. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on donations The Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide on donations to science  research and/or charity up to a maximum of 100 000 EUR. Donations can be made in one or more instalments. The Board of Directors may decide on the recipients and amounts of donations. The authorisation is valid until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. 21. Closing of the meeting B. Documents of the Annual General Meeting The financial statements release 2022 and the above-mentioned proposals by the Board of Directors  and this notice of the meeting are available to shareholders for review as of 6 February 2023 on Cargotec’s website at www.cargotec.com/agm. Copies of the documents will be sent to shareholders upon request. Cargotec’s annual report 2022 and the remuneration report for governing bodies will be published on 23 February 2023 on Cargotec’s website at www.cargotec.com. The annual report includes the financial statements  the Board of Directors’ report and the Auditor’s report. The minutes of the general meeting will be available on the company’s website at www.cargotec.com/agm on 6 April 2023 at the latest. C. Instructions for the participants in the general meeting 1. Right to participate In order to take part in the general meeting  shareholders must be registered in the company’s shareholders’ register on the record date of the general meeting 13 March 2023. A shareholder whose shares are registered in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company's shareholders' register. Changes in the holding of shares that take place after the record date have no effect on the right to participate or to vote in the general meeting. 2. Registration in the shareholder register (holders of nominee-registered shares) A holder of nominee-registered shares is entitled to participate in the general meeting on the basis of the shares which would entitle him/her to be entered in the shareholders’ register kept by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the general meeting 13 March 2022. Participation also requires that the shareholder is by virtue of these shares temporarily entered into the shareholders register held by Euroclear Finland Oy latest on 20 March 2023 by 10 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the general meeting. A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions from the custodian bank regarding temporary registration in the shareholder register  the issuing of proxies and voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the general meeting into the temporary shareholder register of the company by the above mentioned date at latest and  if necessary  arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares before the end of the registration period applicable to holders of nominee-registered shares. More information is also available on the company's website www.cargotec.com/agm. The temporary shareholder register of Cargotec Corporation  as per the record date of the general meeting  13 March 2023  can be viewed at Euroclear Finland Oy  Urho Kekkosen katu 5 C  Helsinki  Finland  as of 20 March 2023. 3. Proxy representative and powers of attorney A shareholder may participate in the general meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A shareholder’s proxy may also vote in advance as described in this notice.The proxy representatives must use strong electronic authentication when registering for the electronic registration service and the general meeting  after which they can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder that they represent. The proxy representatives shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the Suomi.fi e-Authorisations service which is in use in the online registration service. When a shareholder participates in the general meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing a shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be notified in connection with the registration for the general meeting. Proxy and voting instruction templates are available on the company’s website at www.cargotec.com/agm as of the beginning of the advance voting on 23 February 2023 at the latest. Any possible proxy documents can be saved as an attachment when registering online or sent by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to Innovatics Oy  AGM / Cargotec Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki. The proxy documents must be received before the end of the notification of participation period. Submitting a proxy to the company before the end of the notification of participation period constitutes due registration for the general meeting  provided that the required information listed in this notice is given. A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to follow the instructions of his/her account manager regarding proxies. If a holder of nominee-registered shares wishes to be represented by some other person than his/her custodian  a written power of attorney is to be delivered to the company. 4. Notification of participation and voting in advance Notification of participation may be submitted  and advance voting will begin at 12 noon (EET) on 23 February 2023. Participation in the meeting requires that shareholders entered into the company’s shareholder register notify the company of their participation no later than 4 p.m. (EET) on 17 March 2023  by which time the notification of participation must be received. Advance voting must also take place no later than 4 p.m. (EET) on 17 March 2023  by which time the votes must be received. In connection with the registration  shareholders shall notify the information requested such as their name  date of birth/business ID  address  telephone number or e-mail and the name and date of birth of a possible proxy representative. The personal data given to Cargotec Corporation or Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the general meeting and with the processing of registrations related thereto. Shareholders  who have a Finnish book-entry account  can submit the notice of participation and  if they wish  vote in advance between 12 noon (EET) on 23 February 2023 and 4 p.m. (EET) on 17 March 2023 in the following ways: a) On Cargotec’s website at www.cargotec.com/agmOnline registration and voting in advance require that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate. b) By mail or by emailA shareholder or proxy who registers by mail or e-mail and wishes to vote in advance shall send the available registration and/or advance voting form available on the company’s website at www.cargotec.com/agm or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd either by mail to the address Innovatics Oy  AGM / Cargotec Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to the address agm@innovatics.fi. The registration and advance voting form will be available on the company’s website as of the beginning of the advance voting at 12 noon on 23 February 2023 at the latest. The voting instructions will be available on the company’s website at www.cargotec.com/agm as of the beginning of the advance voting at 12 noon on 23 February 2023 at the latest. Additional information is also available by telephone at +358(0)10 2818 909 on business days from 9 a.m. until 12 noon and from 1 p.m. until 4 p.m. (EET). A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise the right to ask questions under the Limited Liability Companies Act except in writing in advance and has no right to demand a vote unless he/she attends the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy at the meeting venue. Advance voting for holders of nominee-registered shares is carried out via the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares he/she represents in accordance with the voting instructions given by the holders of nominee-registered shares during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee-registered shares. The proposal for a resolution subject to an advance vote shall be deemed to have been submitted unchanged to the general meeting. 5. Following the Annual General Meeting via a video stream Shareholders who are entitled to attend and have registered for the general meeting may follow the general meeting remotely. The shareholder following the general meeting remotely shall not be considered as attending the general meeting unless he/she has voted in advance. A shareholder following the general meeting remotely may only ask questions and make comments during the general meeting in writing. Following the online video stream or submitting written questions or comments does not constitute official participation of a shareholder in the general meeting  and questions submitted in writing are not questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act  and these questions and other comments may be combined and edited. A shareholder who is entitled to attend the Annual General Meeting and who has notified that he/she will follow the meeting remotely  is entitled to attend the meeting at the meeting venue. Remote access to the Annual General Meeting will be provided through Inderes Oyj’s virtual annual general meeting service  using the Videosync platform  which includes video and audio access to the Annual General Meeting. No software or downloads are required to use the remote access. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for sound reproduction. It is recommended to use one of the following browsers to participate: Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari or Opera. It is recommended to log in to the meeting system well in advance of the meeting. Detailed information about the annual general meeting service and a link to test the compatibility of your computer  smartphone or tablet with the network connection can be found on the company's website at www.cargotec.com/agm on 23 February 2023 at the latest. It is recommended to review the detailed instructions on how to participate before the meeting. 6. Other instructions and information The language of the Annual General Meeting is Finnish. Shareholders present at the Annual General Meeting have the right to ask questions with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting be considered at the meeting pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act. Shareholders may also submit questions on matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting in connection with the electronic registration  as referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act until 17 March 2023. The company’s management will answer such questions submitted in writing in advance at the general meeting. On the date of this notice  the total number of Cargotec Corporation’s class A shares is 9 526 089 and the total number of class B shares is 55 182 079. Pursuant to the articles of association  each class A share entitles its holder to one vote and each full set of ten class B shares entitles its holder to one vote; however  each shareholder has a minimum of one vote. On the date of this notice  the company holds a total of 224 840 of its own class B shares. The shares held by the company do not carry a right to participate in the general meeting. Helsinki  5 February 2023Cargotec CorporationBoard of Directors Annex 1 Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the articles of association The Board of Directors proposes the articles of association to be amended as follows: Current Article Proposal by the Board of Directors 9 § AuditThe Company has a minimum of one (1) and a maximum of three (3) auditors  who must be Authorized Public Accountants or a firm of Authorized Public Accountants certified by the Central Chamber of Commerce.The term of office of auditors elected by the Annual General Meeting lasts until the end of the Annual General meeting following their election.9 § AuditThe company shall have at least one (1) and no more than two (2) auditors. The auditor must be an auditor approved by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office  and the principal auditor must be an authorised public accountant.The term of office of auditor(s) elected by the Annual General Meeting lasts until the end of the Annual General meeting following their election.12 § Shareholders’ meetingThe Annual General Meeting must be held annually within three months from the end of thefinancial year  on the date specified by the Board of Directors.Items on the Annual General Meeting’s agenda are as follows:Presenting- Financial Statements  including the consolidated financial statements  and the Board ofDirectors’ Report;- Auditors’ Report;Deciding on- The adoption of the Financial Statements;- The allocation of profit shown by the Balance Sheet;- The discharge of Board members and the Managing Director from liability;- The number of Board members and their remuneration;- The number of auditors and their remuneration; andElecting- Board members;- One or more auditors.If voting is performed at the shareholders’ meeting  the Chairman of the meeting shall determine thevoting method. 12 § Shareholders’ meetingThe Board of Directors may resolve on organizing a general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting by the use of telecommunication connections and technical means (remote meeting).Items on the Annual General Meeting’s agenda are as follows:Presenting- Financial Statements  including the consolidated financial statements  and the Board ofDirectors’ Report;- Auditors’ Report;Deciding on- The adoption of the Financial Statements;- The allocation of profit shown by the Balance Sheet;- The discharge of Board members and the Managing Director from liability;- The number of Board members and their remuneration;- The number of auditors and their remuneration; andElecting- Board members;- One or more auditors.If voting is performed at the shareholders’ meeting  the Chairman of the meeting shall determine thevoting method.All news about CARGOTEC OYJ 05:11a Cargotec Unit Kalmar Wins Order to Supply Hybrid Straddle Carries to DP World MT 03:10a Kalmar's eco-efficient hybrid straddle carriers to enhance fleet productivity at DP Wor.. GL 03:10a Kalmar's eco-efficient hybrid straddle carriers to enhance fleet productivity at DP Wor.. GL 02/06 Transcript : Cargotec Corporation - Special Call CI 02/06 Cargotec will start to repurchase own shares GL 02/06 Cargotec will start to repurchase own shares AQ 02/06 Cargotec President  CEO to Step Down; Successor Appointed MT 02/06 Cargotec Corporation : Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 GL 02/06 Cargotec Corporation : Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 GL 02/06 Cargotec Corporation Announces Board Changes CI,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.02,0.44,0.55,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Cargotec Corporation', 'Notice', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'class B shares outstanding', 'multiple email addresses', 'online video stream', 'class A shares', 'Risk Management Committee', 'Annual General Meeting', 'other Board members', 'new Board Members', 'A. Matters', 'Compensation Committee', 'committee meetings', 'EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Hotel Clarion', 'voting tickets', 'shareholder rights', 'official participation', 'financial statements', ""Auditors' report"", 'financial period', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'shareholder register', 'governing bodies', 'yearly remunerations', 'quarterly basis', 'transfer taxes', 'travel expenses', 'travel policy', 'Jaakko Eskola', 'Ilkka Herlin', 'Teresa Kemppi-Vasama', 'Johanna Lamminen', 'Kaisa Olkkonen', 'Teuvo Salminen', 'Heikki Soljama', 'Casimir Lindholm', 'Raija-Leena Hankonen-Nybom', 'Tapio Kolunsarka', 'Ritva Sotamaa', 'remuneration report', 'Cargotec Corporation', 'following matters', 'First name', 'section C', 'Vice Chairman', 'written questions', 'Board remuneration', 'significant shareholders', ""Directors' report"", 'The Board', 'Notice', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', '6 FEBRUARY', '9:10 AM', 'Tyynenmerenkatu', 'Helsinki', 'Finland', 'Thursday', '23 March', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', '12 noon', 'company', 'advance', 'Instructions', 'Chapter', 'respect', 'writing', 'website', 'agm', '23 February', 'comments', 'webcast', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'dividends', '4 April', 'discharge', 'recommendation', 'Nomination', 'proposal', 'addition', '30 percent', 'rest', 'cash', 'accordance', 'number', 'consent', 'Information', '12.', '13.']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17793,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CARGOTEC-OYJ-1412441/news/Cargotec-Corporation-Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-2023-42906332/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230206,Cargotec Corporation: Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023,(marketscreener.com)  CARGOTEC CORPORATION  STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  6 FEBRUARY 2023 AT 9:10 AM Cargotec Corporation: Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 The Annual General Meeting of Cargotec Corporation will be held at Hotel Clarion  address Tyynenmerenka…,Cargotec Corporation: Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 02/06/2023 | 02:11am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields CARGOTEC CORPORATION  STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE  6 FEBRUARY 2023 AT 9:10 AM (EET) Cargotec Corporation: Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 The Annual General Meeting of Cargotec Corporation will be held at Hotel Clarion  address Tyynenmerenkatu 2  Helsinki  Finland on Thursday  23 March 2023 at 1 p.m. (EET). The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 12 noon (EET). The company’s shareholders can exercise shareholder rights by voting in advance. Instructions for shareholders to vote in advance are provided in section C of this notice. Shareholders may also submit questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting in writing before the general meeting. Instructions for submitting written questions are set out in section C of this notice. It is possible to follow the Annual General Meeting via online video stream. Instructions for following the online video stream are available on the company’s website www.cargotec.fi/agm on 23 February 2023. Shareholders following the online video stream may ask questions or make comments in writing during the meeting. Following the online video stream or submitting written questions or comments does not mean official participation in the Annual General Meeting  and it does not enable the shareholders to exercise their right to speak and ask questions at the general meeting. Questions submitted in writing during the webcast are not questions submitted pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act. A. Matters on the agenda of the general meeting The meeting shall consider the following matters: 1. Opening of the meeting 2. Calling the meeting to order 3. Election of person to scrutinise the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes 4. Recording the legality of the meeting 5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the Board of Directors' report and the Auditors' report for the financial period 2022Presentation by the CEO 7. Adoption of the financial statements 8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and payment of dividends The Board of Directors proposes that a dividend of EUR 1 34 for each of class A shares and a dividend of EUR 1 35 for each of class B shares outstanding be paid. The dividend shall be paid to shareholders who on the record date for dividend distribution  27 March 2023  are registered as shareholders in the company’s shareholder register. The Board of Directors proposes the dividend be paid on 4 April 2023. 9. Resolution on the discharge from liability to the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO 10. Presentation of the remuneration report for governing bodies 11. Resolution on the remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors proposes  on the recommendation of the Nomination and Compensation Committee  that the yearly remunerations be unchanged. According to the proposal EUR 95 000 will be paid to the Chairman of the Board  EUR 70 000 to the Vice Chairman  EUR 70 000 to the Chairman of the Audit and Risk Management Committee and EUR 55 000 to the other Board members. In addition  members are proposed to be paid EUR 1 000 for attendance at board and committee meetings. According to the proposal  30 percent of the yearly remuneration will be paid in Cargotec's class B shares and the rest in cash on a quarterly basis and Cargotec will cover the transfer taxes related to the Board remuneration paid in shares. In addition  on the recommendation of the Nomination and Compensation Committee  the Board of Directors proposes that the travel expenses of the members of the Board of Directors be reimbursed in accordance with the company's travel policy. 12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors The Board of Directors proposes  on the recommendation of the Nomination and Compensation Committee  that the number of Board members be eight (8). 13. Election of the members of the Board The Board of Directors proposes  on the recommendation of the Nomination and Compensation Committee  that Jaakko Eskola  Ilkka Herlin  Teresa Kemppi-Vasama  Johanna Lamminen and Kaisa Olkkonen  who have given their consent for the election  be re-elected to the Board of Directors. Board Members Teuvo Salminen  Heikki Soljama and Casimir Lindholm have announced that they are no longer available for the election of board members. It is proposed that Raija-Leena Hankonen-Nybom  Tapio Kolunsarka and Ritva Sotamaa be elected as new Board Members in accordance with their consent. Raija-Leena Hankonen-Nybom  Tapio Kolunsarka and Ritva Sotamaa are independent of the company and of the significant shareholders. Information about the current Board Members can be found on Cargotec’s website www.cargotec.com and about the and new candidates on 23 February 2023 the latest. 14. Resolution on auditors’ remuneration The Board of Directors proposes  on the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Management Committee  that the fees to the auditors be paid according to their invoice reviewed by the company. 15. Resolution on the number of auditors The Board of Directors proposes  on the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Management Committee  that one (1) auditor be elected. 16. Election of the auditors The Board of Directors proposes  on the recommendation of the Audit and Risk Management Committee  that accounting firm Ernst & Young Oy be elected as the company’s auditor. 17. Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the articles of association The Board of Directors proposes the articles of association to be amended as follows: (i) Section 9 to be changed in its entirety as follows:The company shall have at least one (1) and no more than two (2) auditors. The auditor must be an auditor approved by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office  and the principal auditor must be an authorised public accountant. The term of office of auditor(s) elected by the Annual General Meeting lasts until the end of the Annual General meeting following their election. (ii) To be added to Section 12:The Board of Directors may resolve on organising a general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting by the use of telecommunication connections and technical means (remote meeting). (iii) To be removed from Section 12:The Annual General Meeting must be held annually on a date to be decided by the Board of Directors within three months of the end of the financial period. The proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the articles of association is attached as Annex I to this notice. 18. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of Cargotec's shares The Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of Cargotec's shares as follows: Altogether no more than 6 400 000 shares in the company may be purchased and/or accepted as pledge  of which no more than 952 000 are class A shares and 5 448 000 are class B shares. The shares may only be purchased with non-restricted equity. The purchase price of class A and B shares shall be based on the market price of Cargotec’s class B share in public trading on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd on the date of purchase: the minimum consideration shall be the lowest market price of the class B share of the company quoted in public trading during the authorisation period and the maximum consideration the highest market price quoted during the authorisation period. The shares may be repurchased and/or accepted as pledge through a directed purchase as defined in Chapter 15  Section 6 of the Limited Liability Companies Act. This authorisation shall remain in effect for a period of 18 months from the resolution by the general meeting and it will supersede the previous one. 19. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares The Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares referred to in chapter 10 section 1 of the Limited Liability Companies Act as follows: The amount of shares to be issued based on this authorisation shall not exceed 952 000 class A shares and 5 448 000 class B shares. The authorisation covers both the issuance of new shares as well as the transfer of treasury shares. The issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive rights  on the condition that the distribution of shares is based on weighty financial grounds. The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all the conditions of the issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation is proposed to remain in effect for a period of 18 months following the date of decision of the Annual General Meeting and it will supersede the previous one. 20. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on donations The Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting authorise the Board of Directors to decide on donations to science  research and/or charity up to a maximum of 100 000 EUR. Donations can be made in one or more instalments. The Board of Directors may decide on the recipients and amounts of donations. The authorisation is valid until the end of the next Annual General Meeting. 21. Closing of the meeting B. Documents of the Annual General Meeting The financial statements release 2022 and the above-mentioned proposals by the Board of Directors  and this notice of the meeting are available to shareholders for review as of 6 February 2023 on Cargotec’s website at www.cargotec.com/agm. Copies of the documents will be sent to shareholders upon request. Cargotec’s annual report 2022 and the remuneration report for governing bodies will be published on 23 February 2023 on Cargotec’s website at www.cargotec.com. The annual report includes the financial statements  the Board of Directors’ report and the Auditor’s report. The minutes of the general meeting will be available on the company’s website at www.cargotec.com/agm on 6 April 2023 at the latest. C. Instructions for the participants in the general meeting 1. Right to participate In order to take part in the general meeting  shareholders must be registered in the company’s shareholders’ register on the record date of the general meeting 13 March 2023. A shareholder whose shares are registered in his/her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company's shareholders' register. Changes in the holding of shares that take place after the record date have no effect on the right to participate or to vote in the general meeting. 2. Registration in the shareholder register (holders of nominee-registered shares) A holder of nominee-registered shares is entitled to participate in the general meeting on the basis of the shares which would entitle him/her to be entered in the shareholders’ register kept by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the general meeting 13 March 2022. Participation also requires that the shareholder is by virtue of these shares temporarily entered into the shareholders register held by Euroclear Finland Oy latest on 20 March 2023 by 10 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the general meeting. A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions from the custodian bank regarding temporary registration in the shareholder register  the issuing of proxies and voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee-registered shares who wants to participate in the general meeting into the temporary shareholder register of the company by the above mentioned date at latest and  if necessary  arrange advance voting on behalf of the holder of nominee-registered shares before the end of the registration period applicable to holders of nominee-registered shares. More information is also available on the company's website www.cargotec.com/agm. The temporary shareholder register of Cargotec Corporation  as per the record date of the general meeting  13 March 2023  can be viewed at Euroclear Finland Oy  Urho Kekkosen katu 5 C  Helsinki  Finland  as of 20 March 2023. 3. Proxy representative and powers of attorney A shareholder may participate in the general meeting and exercise his/her rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. A shareholder’s proxy may also vote in advance as described in this notice.The proxy representatives must use strong electronic authentication when registering for the electronic registration service and the general meeting  after which they can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder that they represent. The proxy representatives shall produce a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the Suomi.fi e-Authorisations service which is in use in the online registration service. When a shareholder participates in the general meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing a shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be notified in connection with the registration for the general meeting. Proxy and voting instruction templates are available on the company’s website at www.cargotec.com/agm as of the beginning of the advance voting on 23 February 2023 at the latest. Any possible proxy documents can be saved as an attachment when registering online or sent by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi or by mail to Innovatics Oy  AGM / Cargotec Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  00520 Helsinki. The proxy documents must be received before the end of the notification of participation period. Submitting a proxy to the company before the end of the notification of participation period constitutes due registration for the general meeting  provided that the required information listed in this notice is given. A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to follow the instructions of his/her account manager regarding proxies. If a holder of nominee-registered shares wishes to be represented by some other person than his/her custodian  a written power of attorney is to be delivered to the company. 4. Notification of participation and voting in advance Notification of participation may be submitted  and advance voting will begin at 12 noon (EET) on 23 February 2023. Participation in the meeting requires that shareholders entered into the company’s shareholder register notify the company of their participation no later than 4 p.m. (EET) on 17 March 2023  by which time the notification of participation must be received. Advance voting must also take place no later than 4 p.m. (EET) on 17 March 2023  by which time the votes must be received. In connection with the registration  shareholders shall notify the information requested such as their name  date of birth/business ID  address  telephone number or e-mail and the name and date of birth of a possible proxy representative. The personal data given to Cargotec Corporation or Innovatics Oy is used only in connection with the general meeting and with the processing of registrations related thereto. Shareholders  who have a Finnish book-entry account  can submit the notice of participation and  if they wish  vote in advance between 12 noon (EET) on 23 February 2023 and 4 p.m. (EET) on 17 March 2023 in the following ways: a) On Cargotec’s website at www.cargotec.com/agmOnline registration and voting in advance require that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate. b) By mail or by emailA shareholder or proxy who registers by mail or e-mail and wishes to vote in advance shall send the available registration and/or advance voting form available on the company’s website at www.cargotec.com/agm or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd either by mail to the address Innovatics Oy  AGM / Cargotec Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to the address agm@innovatics.fi. The registration and advance voting form will be available on the company’s website as of the beginning of the advance voting at 12 noon on 23 February 2023 at the latest. The voting instructions will be available on the company’s website at www.cargotec.com/agm as of the beginning of the advance voting at 12 noon on 23 February 2023 at the latest. Additional information is also available by telephone at +358(0)10 2818 909 on business days from 9 a.m. until 12 noon and from 1 p.m. until 4 p.m. (EET). A shareholder who has voted in advance cannot exercise the right to ask questions under the Limited Liability Companies Act except in writing in advance and has no right to demand a vote unless he/she attends the Annual General Meeting in person or by proxy at the meeting venue. Advance voting for holders of nominee-registered shares is carried out via the account manager. The account manager may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee-registered shares he/she represents in accordance with the voting instructions given by the holders of nominee-registered shares during the registration period applicable to holders of nominee-registered shares. The proposal for a resolution subject to an advance vote shall be deemed to have been submitted unchanged to the general meeting. 5. Following the Annual General Meeting via a video stream Shareholders who are entitled to attend and have registered for the general meeting may follow the general meeting remotely. The shareholder following the general meeting remotely shall not be considered as attending the general meeting unless he/she has voted in advance. A shareholder following the general meeting remotely may only ask questions and make comments during the general meeting in writing. Following the online video stream or submitting written questions or comments does not constitute official participation of a shareholder in the general meeting  and questions submitted in writing are not questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act  and these questions and other comments may be combined and edited. A shareholder who is entitled to attend the Annual General Meeting and who has notified that he/she will follow the meeting remotely  is entitled to attend the meeting at the meeting venue. Remote access to the Annual General Meeting will be provided through Inderes Oyj’s virtual annual general meeting service  using the Videosync platform  which includes video and audio access to the Annual General Meeting. No software or downloads are required to use the remote access. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for sound reproduction. It is recommended to use one of the following browsers to participate: Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari or Opera. It is recommended to log in to the meeting system well in advance of the meeting. Detailed information about the annual general meeting service and a link to test the compatibility of your computer  smartphone or tablet with the network connection can be found on the company's website at www.cargotec.com/agm on 23 February 2023 at the latest. It is recommended to review the detailed instructions on how to participate before the meeting. 6. Other instructions and information The language of the Annual General Meeting is Finnish. Shareholders present at the Annual General Meeting have the right to ask questions with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting be considered at the meeting pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act. Shareholders may also submit questions on matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting in connection with the electronic registration  as referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Limited Liability Companies Act until 17 March 2023. The company’s management will answer such questions submitted in writing in advance at the general meeting. On the date of this notice  the total number of Cargotec Corporation’s class A shares is 9 526 089 and the total number of class B shares is 55 182 079. Pursuant to the articles of association  each class A share entitles its holder to one vote and each full set of ten class B shares entitles its holder to one vote; however  each shareholder has a minimum of one vote. On the date of this notice  the company holds a total of 224 840 of its own class B shares. The shares held by the company do not carry a right to participate in the general meeting. Helsinki  5 February 2023Cargotec CorporationBoard of Directors Annex 1 Proposal by the Board of Directors to amend the articles of association The Board of Directors proposes the articles of association to be amended as follows: Current Article Proposal by the Board of Directors 9 § AuditThe Company has a minimum of one (1) and a maximum of three (3) auditors  who must be Authorized Public Accountants or a firm of Authorized Public Accountants certified by the Central Chamber of Commerce.The term of office of auditors elected by the Annual General Meeting lasts until the end of the Annual General meeting following their election.9 § AuditThe company shall have at least one (1) and no more than two (2) auditors. The auditor must be an auditor approved by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office  and the principal auditor must be an authorised public accountant.The term of office of auditor(s) elected by the Annual General Meeting lasts until the end of the Annual General meeting following their election.12 § Shareholders’ meetingThe Annual General Meeting must be held annually within three months from the end of thefinancial year  on the date specified by the Board of Directors.Items on the Annual General Meeting’s agenda are as follows:Presenting- Financial Statements  including the consolidated financial statements  and the Board ofDirectors’ Report;- Auditors’ Report;Deciding on- The adoption of the Financial Statements;- The allocation of profit shown by the Balance Sheet;- The discharge of Board members and the Managing Director from liability;- The number of Board members and their remuneration;- The number of auditors and their remuneration; andElecting- Board members;- One or more auditors.If voting is performed at the shareholders’ meeting  the Chairman of the meeting shall determine thevoting method. 12 § Shareholders’ meetingThe Board of Directors may resolve on organizing a general meeting without a meeting venue whereby the shareholders shall exercise their power of decision in full in real time during the meeting by the use of telecommunication connections and technical means (remote meeting).Items on the Annual General Meeting’s agenda are as follows:Presenting- Financial Statements  including the consolidated financial statements  and the Board ofDirectors’ Report;- Auditors’ Report;Deciding on- The adoption of the Financial Statements;- The allocation of profit shown by the Balance Sheet;- The discharge of Board members and the Managing Director from liability;- The number of Board members and their remuneration;- The number of auditors and their remuneration; andElecting- Board members;- One or more auditors.If voting is performed at the shareholders’ meeting  the Chairman of the meeting shall determine thevoting method.© GlobeNewswire 2023 All news about CARGOTEC OYJ 05:11a Cargotec Unit Kalmar Wins Order to Supply Hybrid Straddle Carries to DP World MT 03:10a Kalmar's eco-efficient hybrid straddle carriers to enhance fleet productivity at DP Wor.. GL 03:10a Kalmar's eco-efficient hybrid straddle carriers to enhance fleet productivity at DP Wor.. GL 02/06 Transcript : Cargotec Corporation - Special Call CI 02/06 Cargotec will start to repurchase own shares GL 02/06 Cargotec will start to repurchase own shares AQ 02/06 Cargotec President  CEO to Step Down; Successor Appointed MT 02/06 Cargotec Corporation : Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 GL 02/06 Cargotec Corporation : Notice of Annual General Meeting 2023 GL 02/06 Cargotec Corporation Announces Board Changes CI,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.02,0.44,0.55,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Cargotec Corporation', 'Notice', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'class B shares outstanding', 'multiple email addresses', 'online video stream', 'class A shares', 'Risk Management Committee', 'Annual General Meeting', 'other Board members', 'new Board Members', 'A. Matters', 'Compensation Committee', 'committee meetings', 'EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'Hotel Clarion', 'voting tickets', 'shareholder rights', 'official participation', 'financial statements', ""Auditors' report"", 'financial period', 'balance sheet', 'record date', 'shareholder register', 'governing bodies', 'yearly remunerations', 'quarterly basis', 'transfer taxes', 'travel expenses', 'travel policy', 'Jaakko Eskola', 'Ilkka Herlin', 'Teresa Kemppi-Vasama', 'Johanna Lamminen', 'Kaisa Olkkonen', 'Teuvo Salminen', 'Heikki Soljama', 'Casimir Lindholm', 'Raija-Leena Hankonen-Nybom', 'Tapio Kolunsarka', 'Ritva Sotamaa', 'remuneration report', 'Cargotec Corporation', 'following matters', 'First name', 'section C', 'Vice Chairman', 'written questions', 'Board remuneration', 'significant shareholders', ""Directors' report"", 'The Board', 'Notice', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', '6 FEBRUARY', '9:10 AM', 'Tyynenmerenkatu', 'Helsinki', 'Finland', 'Thursday', '23 March', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', '12 noon', 'company', 'advance', 'Instructions', 'Chapter', 'respect', 'writing', 'website', 'agm', '23 February', 'comments', 'webcast', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'CEO', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'dividends', '4 April', 'discharge', 'recommendation', 'Nomination', 'proposal', 'addition', '30 percent', 'rest', 'cash', 'accordance', 'number', 'consent', 'Information', '12.', '13.']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17794,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,The greatest threat to the new financial systems CBDCs and DLTs is migration - CEO of @EuroclearGroupRead and sha… https://t.co/tEyOroQ82i,nan,The greatest threat to the new financial systems CBDCs and DLTs is migration - CEO of @EuroclearGroupRead and sha… https://t.co/tEyOroQ82i,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"['new financial systems', 'greatest threat', 'CBDCs', 'DLTs', 'migration', 'CEO', 'new financial systems', 'greatest threat', 'CBDCs', 'DLTs', 'migration', 'CEO']",2023-02-05,2023-02-07,Unknown
17795,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wendel-stahl-acquire-icp-industrial-063100051.html,WENDEL: Stahl to acquire ICP Industrial Solutions Group  significantly growing and diversifying its specialty coatings activity,Stahl to acquire ICP Industrial Solutions Group  significantly growing and diversifying its specialty coatings activity Wendel (Euronext: MF.FP) announces...,WENDELStahl to acquire ICP Industrial Solutions Group  significantly growing and diversifying its specialty coatings activityWendel (Euronext: MF.FP) announces today that Stahl has signed an agreement to acquire ICP Industrial Solutions Group (ISG)  a leader in high-performance packaging coatings  which will reinforce Stahl’s position as the global leader in the field of specialty coatings for flexible materials.ISG  a division of the ICP (Innovative Chemical Products) Group  offers a comprehensive portfolio of high-performance coatings used primarily in packaging and labeling applications  notably in the resilient food and pharmaceutical sectors. It is mostly present in North America (close to 70% of sales)  where it is a recognized technical leader. ISG coating technologies (water-based and energy cured1) help its customers transition to more sustainable packaging. ISG is expected to report 2022 sales of c. $140 million.Following this acquisition  Stahl sales will cross the €1 billion mark with an EBITDA margin above 20%. The transaction will be carried out at an enterprise value of c. $205 million. Concurrently  Stahl has secured a new financing of $580 million with a group of relationship banks  extending maturities until 2028. It will be available to finance this acquisition  refinance its existing credit facilities and fund future external growth  with a focus on specialty coatings opportunities. The ISG transaction is expected to close before the end of Q1 2023  subject to customary conditions.Maarten Heijbroek  CEO of Stahl  said: “ISG is a strong strategic fit for Stahl  given the complementary nature of our business models  technologies  and footprints. The acquisition will enhance Stahl’s growth profile  diversify our target markets  and broaden our technology base. Going forward  specialty coatings will represent approximately 75% of group sales2. ISG will be able to take advantage of Stahl’s know-how and ESG leadership position to support the transition towards more sustainable value chains. We are excited about this opportunity and look forward to welcoming the excellent ISG team into the Stahl family.”Story continuesLaurent Mignon  CEO of Wendel  said: “Wendel is pleased to have another opportunity to support Stahl in its successful growth trajectory. As a long-term investor  Wendel always encourages its portfolio companies to grow both organically and inorganically. After the successful acquisitions and integrations of Clariant LS in 2014 and BASF LC in 2017  and following the acquisition of ISG  Stahl sales will exceed the €1 billion mark. The company is making another major step in its strategy to become the global leader in the field of specialty coatings for flexible materials.”About ICP Industrial Solutions GroupFor more information: https://www.icpindustrial.com/about/Find here the key milestones of Wendel investment in Stahl since 2006: https://www.wendelgroup.com/en/companies/stahl/1 Energy-cured coatings are recognized to provide significant advantages in terms of faster cure times  often improved coating properties  reduced Volatile Organic Compounds  waste  and energy consumption  and smaller manufacturing footprints2 Based on pro forma sales including ISG. Specialty coatings include existing performance coatings and leather finish activities plus ISG.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.78,0.19,0.03,True,English,"['ICP Industrial Solutions Group', 'specialty coatings activity', 'WENDEL', 'Stahl', 'ICP Industrial Solutions Group', 'Innovative Chemical Products) Group', 'specialty coatings activity Wendel', 'existing credit facilities', 'strong strategic fit', 'faster cure times', 'Volatile Organic Compounds', 'leather finish activities', 'future external growth', 'existing performance coatings', 'successful growth trajectory', 'specialty coatings opportunities', 'ESG leadership position', 'sustainable value chains', 'smaller manufacturing footprints', 'pro forma sales', 'excellent ISG team', 'high-performance packaging coatings', 'The ISG transaction', 'ISG coating technologies', 'high-performance coatings', 'group sales', 'growth profile', 'sustainable packaging', 'enterprise value', 'successful acquisitions', '1 Energy-cured coatings', 'coating properties', 'flexible materials', 'comprehensive portfolio', 'labeling applications', 'resilient food', 'pharmaceutical sectors', 'North America', '€1 billion mark', 'EBITDA margin', 'new financing', 'relationship banks', 'customary conditions', 'Maarten Heijbroek', 'complementary nature', 'business models', 'target markets', 'technology base', 'Laurent Mignon', 'long-term investor', 'Clariant LS', 'BASF LC', 'major step', 'key milestones', 'significant advantages', 'Wendel investment', 'global leader', 'technical leader', 'portfolio companies', 'energy consumption', 'Stahl family', 'WENDEL Stahl', 'Stahl sales', '2022 sales', 'Euronext', 'MF.', 'FP', 'agreement', 'field', 'division', 'customers', 'maturities', 'focus', 'Q1', 'CEO', 'know-how', 'transition', 'opportunity', 'Story', 'integrations', 'company', 'strategy', 'information', 'wendelgroup', 'terms', 'waste', 'Attachment']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17796,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230206005207/en/Aptorum-Group-Limited-to-Hold-Special-Extraordinary-Meeting-of-Shareholders-on-February-21-2023,Aptorum Group Limited to Hold Special Extraordinary Meeting of Shareholders on February 21  2023,NEW YORK & LONDON & PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Aptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) (“Aptorum Group” or “Aptorum”)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to meeting unmet medical needs in oncology  autoimmune d…,NEW YORK & LONDON & PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Aptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) (“Aptorum Group” or “Aptorum”)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to meeting unmet medical needs in oncology  autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases  today announced that it will hold a special extraordinary meeting of shareholders at the London office 4T.07  17 Hanover Square  Mayfair London  England W1S 1BN at 10:00 a.m. London Time on February 21  2023 (5:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on February 21  2023 / 10:00 a.m. Greenwich Mean Time on February 21  2023 / 11:00 a.m. Central European Time on February 21  2023).The proposals to be submitted for shareholders’ approval at the special extraordinary meeting are to consider and vote on the resolutions for a merger of the Company with a newly established wholly owned subsidiary whereby the Company would be the surviving company in order to change the par value of the Company shares from USD10 to USD0.00001  and certain amendments of the Company’s Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. Details related to each of the two proposals are available on a Form 6-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 6  2023.About Aptorum GroupAptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery  development and commercialization of therapeutic assets to treat diseases with unmet medical needs  particularly in oncology (including orphan oncology indications)  autoimmune and infectious diseases. Aptorum has completed two phase I clinical trials for its ALS-4 (MRSA) and orphan drug designated SACT-1 (Neuroblastoma) small molecule drugs and commercializing its NLS-2 NativusWell® nutraceutical (menopause). The pipeline of Aptorum is also enriched through (i) the establishment of drug discovery platforms that enable the discovery of new therapeutics assets through  e.g. systematic screening of existing approved drug molecules  and microbiome-based research platform for treatments of metabolic diseases; and (ii) the co-development and ongoing clinical validation of its novel molecular-based rapid pathogen identification and detection diagnostics technology with Singapore’s Agency for Science  Technology and Research.For more information about the Company  please visit www.aptorumgroup.com.Disclaimer and Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to buy any securities of Aptorum Group.This press release includes statements concerning Aptorum Group Limited and its future expectations  plans and prospects that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For this purpose  any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may ” “should ” “expects ” “plans ” “anticipates ” “could ” “intends ” “target ” “projects ” “contemplates ” “believes ” “estimates ” “predicts ” “potential ” or “continue ” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Aptorum Group has based these forward-looking statements  which include statements regarding projected timelines for application submissions and trials  largely on its current expectations and projections about future events and trends that it believes may affect its business  financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions including  without limitation  risks related to its announced management and organizational changes  the continued service and availability of key personnel  its ability to expand its product assortments by offering additional products for additional consumer segments  development results  the company’s anticipated growth strategies  anticipated trends and challenges in its business  and its expectations regarding  and the stability of  its supply chain  and the risks more fully described in Aptorum Group’s Form 20-F and other filings that Aptorum Group may make with the SEC in the future  as well as the prospectus that received the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers visa n°20-352 on 16 July 2020.As a result  the projections included in such forward-looking statements are subject to change and actual results may differ materially from those described herein. Aptorum Group assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This announcement is not a prospectus within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) n°2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 as amended by Regulations Delegated (EU) n°2019/980 of 14 March 2019 and n°2019/979 of 14 March 2019.This press release is provided “as is” without any representation or warranty of any kind.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['Aptorum Group Limited', 'Special Extraordinary Meeting', 'Shareholders', 'February', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers visa', 'novel molecular-based rapid pathogen identification', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'two phase I clinical trials', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'U.S. Securities', 'ongoing clinical validation', 'unmet medical needs', 'special extraordinary meeting', 'small molecule drugs', 'NLS-2 NativusWell® nutraceutical', 'Eastern Standard Time', 'Greenwich Mean Time', 'Central European Time', 'other similar expressions', 'additional consumer segments', 'microbiome-based research platform', 'detection diagnostics technology', 'new therapeutics assets', 'Aptorum Group Limited', 'orphan oncology indications', 'drug discovery platforms', 'two proposals', 'orphan drug', 'therapeutic assets', 'additional products', 'other filings', 'NEW YORK', 'drug molecules', 'Regulatory News', '17 Hanover Square', 'W1S 1BN', 'par value', 'Second Amended', 'Form 6-K', 'Exchange Commission', 'systematic screening', 'press release', 'historical fact', 'application submissions', 'financial condition', 'organizational changes', 'continued service', 'key personnel', 'product assortments', 'growth strategies', 'supply chain', 'Form 20-F', 'surviving company', 'Company shares', 'new information', 'infectious diseases', 'metabolic diseases', 'future events', 'Euronext Paris', 'current expectations', 'actual results', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'London office', 'Mayfair London', 'shareholders’ approval', 'future expectations', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'autoimmune diseases', 'development results', '14 March', 'Nasdaq', 'APM', 'England', '10:00 a', 'February', '11:00 a', 'resolutions', 'merger', 'subsidiary', 'order', 'amendments', 'Memorandum', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Details', 'commercialization', 'ALS-4', 'MRSA', 'Neuroblastoma', 'menopause', 'pipeline', 'establishment', 'existing', 'treatments', 'Singapore', 'Agency', 'Science', 'aptorumgroup', 'Disclaimer', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'plans', 'prospects', 'meaning', 'purpose', 'cases', 'terms', 'expects', 'anticipates', 'target', 'projects', 'contemplates', 'predicts', 'timelines', 'projections', 'trends', 'operations', 'date', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'limitation', 'management', 'availability', 'challenges', 'stability', 'prospectus', '16 July', 'obligation', 'announcement', 'Regulation', '14 June', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', '5:00']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,businesswire.com
17797,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/exor-n-v-periodic-report-071000853.html,Exor N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29...,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam:Trading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 30 January 2023 31 798 73.2610 2 329 553.28 31 January 2023 35 370 72.7855 2 574 423.14 1 February 2023 34 356 73.3182 2 518 920.08 2 February 2023 14 326 74.4541 1 066 629.44 3 February 2023 12 234 74.9322 916 720.53 TOTAL 128 084 9 406 246.47After these purchases  the total invested amount under the second tranche is approximately €211.5 million for a total amount of 3 085 141 ordinary shares purchased.As of 3 February 2023  the Company held in total 13 873 239 ordinary shares in treasury (5.76% of total ordinary issued share capital).A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Exor N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'Trading Date Number', 'share buyback program', 'Share Buyback section', 'EXOR N.V.', 'share capital', 'second tranche', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ordinary shares', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Total consideration', 'total ordinary', 'following transactions', 'total amount', 'Company', '29 July', 'fees', '30 January', '1 February', 'purchases', '3 February', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17798,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fl-entertainment-weekly-share-transactions-173600541.html,FL Entertainment: weekly share transactions,Press Release Paris – February 06th  2023 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made...,FL EntertainmentPress ReleaseParis – February 06th  2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from January 30th to February 03rd  2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on June 30  2022.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-02-02 BUY 108 8.799259 950.32 XAMS 2023-02-02 SELL 30 8.830000 264.90 XAMS 2023-02-03 BUY 29 8.790000 254.91 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://fl-entertainment.com/) under the section «Investor Relations».AgendaFY 2022 results: 16 March 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress RelationsAnne-France Malrieu - afmalrieu@image7.frAbout FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gambling  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2021  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and adjusted EBITDA  of €3.5bn and €609m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.8,0.19,0.01,True,English,"['weekly share transactions', 'FL Entertainment', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Investor Relations', 'FY 2022 results', 'Press Relations', 'Anne-France Malrieu', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'adjusted EBITDA', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', 'February', 'shares', 'January', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', 'June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'section', 'Agenda', '16 March', 'Phone', 'image', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17799,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-repurchase-program-kbc-ancora-164000140.html,Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 03 February 2023,Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  06 February 2023 (17:40 CET) Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 03 February 2023 As part ...,KBC AncoraRegulated information  inside information  Leuven  06 February 2023 (17:40 CET)Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 03 February 2023As part of the EUR 50 million share repurchase program  as confirmed on 20 May 2022  KBC Ancora has announced that it bought back a total of 31 460 shares in the period from 30 January 2023 to 03 February 2023.The following transactions were carried out during the period in question:Transaction date Number of shares Average price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Total amount (EUR) Mon 30 January 2023 7 000 44.26 43.80 44.56 309 846.60 Tue 31 January 2023 6 000 44.85 44.36 45.10 269 124.60 Wed 1 February 2023 6 000 44.96 44.72 45.18 269 757.00 Thu 2 February 2023 6 000 44.89 44.46 45.08 269 353.80 Fri 3 February 2023 6 460 44.72 44.30 44.98 288 917.69 TOTAL(period concerned) 31 460 44.72 43.80 45.18 1 406 999.69 TOTAL (overall repurchase program) 1 092 515 37.09 31.68 46.36 40 517 211.43All transactions were carried out in the central order book of Euronext Brussels.Since the start of the share repurchase program on 10 June 2022  KBC Ancora has bought back 1 092 515 of its own shares  or 1.40% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 78 301 314)  for an average price of 37.09 euros per share and for a total amount of 40 517 211 euros. KBC Ancora has currently implemented 81.03% of the repurchase program.The repurchase program runs within the limits of the share repurchase authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 30 October 2020.---------------------------------KBC Ancora is a listed company that holds 18.6% of the shares in KBC Group. Together with Cera  MRBB and the Other Permanent Shareholders  it ensures shareholder stability and the ongoing development of the KBC Group. As core shareholders of KBC Group  they have concluded a shareholders’ agreement to this end.Financial calendar:01 September 2023 Annual press release for the financial year 2022/202326 September 2023 Annual Report for the financial year 2022/2023 available27 October 2023 General Meeting of ShareholdersStory continuesThis press release is available in Dutch  French and English on the website www.kbcancora.be.KBC Ancora Investor Relations & Press contact: Jan BergmansTel. +32 (0)16 27 96 72email: jan.bergmans@kbcancora.be or mailbox@kbcancora.beAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.63,0.27,0.1,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora', 'Update', '03 February', 'EUR 50 million share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora Investor Relations', 'central order book', 'share repurchase authorization', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Other Permanent Shareholders', 'Annual press release', 'Annual Report', 'Press contact', 'KBC Group', 'Transaction date', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'Euronext Brussels', 'listed company', 'shareholder stability', 'ongoing development', 'Financial calendar', 'financial year', 'core shareholders', 'shareholders’ agreement', 'Total amount', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'Mon 30 January', 'total number', 'Jan Bergmans', '31 January', 'Leuven', '06 February', 'Update', '03 February', 'part', '20 May', '31,460 shares', 'period', 'question', '1 February', 'start', '10 June', '37.09 euros', '40,517,211 euros', 'limits', '30 October', 'Cera', 'MRBB', '01 September', '26 September', '27 October', 'Story', 'Dutch', 'French', 'English', 'website', 'Tel.', 'email', 'kbcancora', 'Attachment', '1.']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17800,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/linde-invest-1-8-billion-112000239.html,Linde to Invest $1.8 Billion to Supply Clean Hydrogen to OCI’s World-Scale Blue Ammonia Project in the U.S. Gulf Coast,WOKING  UK / ACCESSIRE / February 6  2023 / Linde (NYSE:LIN)(FWB:LIN) announced today that it has signed a long-term agreement to supply clean hydrogen and...,"WOKING  UK / ACCESSIRE / February 6  2023 / Linde (NYSE:LIN)(FWB:LIN) announced today that it has signed a long-term agreement to supply clean hydrogen and other industrial gases to OCI's (Euronext: OCI) new world-scale blue ammonia plant in Beaumont  Texas.Linde will build  own and operate an on-site complex which will include autothermal reforming with carbon capture  plus a large air separation plant. The new complex will be integrated into Linde's extensive Gulf Coast industrial gas infrastructure. It will supply clean hydrogen and nitrogen to OCI's 1.1 million ton per annum blue ammonia plant  the first greenfield blue ammonia facility of this scale to come onstream in the United States. Linde will supply OCI with clean hydrogen by sequestering more than 1.7 million metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions each year.In addition to supplying OCI  Linde will also use its extensive pipeline network to provide clean hydrogen to existing and new customers in the U.S. Gulf Coast  addressing the increasing demand from companies to decarbonize their operations. The facility will also supply atmospheric and rare gases to existing and new customers. Linde's total investment will be approximately $1.8 billion and the project is expected to start up in 2025.""Linde's capabilities are already enabling the transition to a low-carbon-intensity economy "" said Sanjiv Lamba  Chief Executive Officer  Linde. ""Our strategy is to support decarbonization by working with off-takers  like OCI  to safely and reliably supply low-carbon industrial gases at scale. With Linde's track record in successfully executing complex projects  its extensive pipeline network  and support from the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act  the company is well positioned to secure many more clean energy projects.""""The Beaumont facility will allow us to build and strengthen our world-leading blue ammonia and clean fuels platform  supplying both the U.S. and export markets with blue ammonia  an ideal solution to decarbonize hard-to-abate sectors such as agriculture  power and marine fuels at a competitive cost "" said Ahmed El-Hoshy  Chief Executive Officer  OCI. ""Linde's expertise in managing large-scale and complex engineering projects  and safely and reliably delivering industrial gases  made it a solid choice as a partner for this project.""Story continuesAs one of the world's leading industrial gases and engineering companies  Linde is playing a key role in the clean energy transition. The company is actively helping its customers to decarbonize their operations with the latest hydrogen technologies through its world-class engineering organization  key alliances and ventures  and leveraging its extensive experience and infrastructure. Linde is developing clean hydrogen projects across a range of applications and industries and growing its established hydrogen business along the entire value chain.About LindeLinde is a leading global industrial gases and engineering company with 2021 sales of $31 billion (€26 billion). We live our mission of making our world more productive every day by providing high-quality solutions  technologies and services which are making our customers more successful and helping to sustain and protect our planet.The company serves a variety of end markets including chemicals & energy  food & beverage  electronics  healthcare  manufacturing  metals and mining. Linde's industrial gases are used in countless applications  from life-saving oxygen for hospitals to high-purity & specialty gases for electronics manufacturing  hydrogen for clean fuels and much more. Linde also delivers state-of-the-art gas processing solutions to support customer expansion  efficiency improvements and emissions reductions.For more information about the company and its products and services  please visit www.linde.com.Contacts: Investor RelationsJuan PelaezPhone: +1 203 837 2213Email: juan.pelaez@linde.com Media RelationsAnna DaviesPhone: +44 1483 244705Email: anna.davies@linde.comSOURCE: Linde plcView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/738180/Linde-to-Invest-18-Billion-to-Supply-Clean-Hydrogen-to-OCIs-World-Scale-Blue-Ammonia-Project-in-the-US-Gulf-Coast",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.76,0.21,0.03,True,English,"['World-Scale Blue Ammonia Project', 'U.S. Gulf Coast', 'Clean Hydrogen', 'Linde', 'OCI', 'extensive Gulf Coast industrial gas infrastructure', 'U.S. Inflation Reduction Act', 'first greenfield blue ammonia facility', 'new world-scale blue ammonia plant', 'U.S. Gulf Coast', 'large air separation plant', 'annum blue ammonia plant', 'leading global industrial gases', 'world-leading blue ammonia', 'gas processing solutions', 'extensive pipeline network', 'leading industrial gases', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'entire value chain', 'other industrial gases', 'low-carbon industrial gases', '1.7 million metric tons', 'world-class engineering organization', 'carbon dioxide emissions', 'The Beaumont facility', 'clean fuels platform', 'clean energy projects', 'complex engineering projects', 'clean hydrogen projects', 'latest hydrogen technologies', 'clean energy transition', 'extensive experience', 'new complex', 'complex projects', 'rare gases', 'specialty gases', 'carbon capture', '1.1 million ton', 'high-quality solutions', 'emissions reductions', 'marine fuels', 'site complex', 'new customers', 'hydrogen business', 'long-term agreement', 'autothermal reforming', 'United States', 'increasing demand', 'total investment', 'low-carbon-intensity economy', 'Sanjiv Lamba', 'track record', 'export markets', 'ideal solution', 'competitive cost', 'Ahmed El-Hoshy', 'solid choice', 'engineering companies', 'key role', 'key alliances', 'end markets', 'life-saving oxygen', 'customer expansion', 'efficiency improvements', 'Investor Relations', 'Juan Pelaez', 'juan.pelaez', 'Media Relations', 'engineering company', 'countless applications', 'source version', 'Linde plc', 'electronics manufacturing', 'Anna Davies', 'WOKING', 'UK', 'ACCESSIRE', 'February', 'OCI', 'Texas', 'nitrogen', 'addition', 'existing', 'operations', 'atmospheric', 'capabilities', 'strategy', 'decarbonization', 'takers', 'support', 'many', 'abate', 'sectors', 'agriculture', 'power', 'expertise', 'large-scale', 'partner', 'Story', 'ventures', 'range', 'industries', '2021 sales', 'services', 'planet', 'variety', 'chemicals', 'food', 'beverage', 'healthcare', 'metals', 'mining', 'hospitals', 'high-purity', 'information', 'products', 'Contacts', 'Phone', 'Email', 'accesswire', 'Invest-18-Billion', 'Supply-Clean-Hydrogen', 'US-Gulf-Coast']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17801,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cnh-industrial-commences-second-tranche-213000043.html,CNH Industrial commences a second tranche of its $300 million share buyback program and announces preliminary details for annual dividend ex-dividend and payment dates,London  February 6  2023 CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) announces that it has commenced a second tranche of $50 million share buyback (the...,CNH Industrial N.V.London  February 6  2023CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) announces that it has commenced a second tranche of $50 million share buyback (the “Tranche”) in the framework of its $300 million share buyback program previously announced on July 29  2022 (the “Program”). CNH Industrial has entered into a non-discretionary arrangement with a financial intermediary to conduct this second Tranche of the Program. Under this agreement  purchases may continue during any closed periods of the Company in accordance with the applicable regulations. The purchases will be executed on Euronext Milan and on multilateral trading facilities (MTFs) in compliance with the Market Abuse Regulation and the terms and conditions of the existing authority granted by the general meeting of shareholders on April 13  2022.On February 3  2023  the Company completed the following transaction under the Tranche  reported in aggregate  based on automatic orders placed with the Company’s broker (who has made its trading decisions as to the timing of the purchases independently of the Company and on the basis of instructions given before the commencement of the Company’s closed period under the applicable regulations):Date Number of common shares purchased Average priceper shareexcluding fees Considerationexcluding fees Consideration (*)excluding fees (€) (€) ($) February 3  2023 166 000 14.8383 2 463 157.80 2 693 955.69(*) All translations determined from Euro to US Dollar at the exchange rate reported by the European Central Bank on the date of each purchase.As of February 3  2023  the Company currently holds 20 159 225 common shares in Treasury.Details of the transaction described in the table above  including the regulated markets where the purchases were made  are available on the Company’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section at the following address: bit.ly/CNHI_Buyback.As previously announced  the Company’s Board of Directors intends to recommend to the Company’s shareholders an annual cash dividend of €0.36 per common share  totaling approximately €483 million (~$511 million). The proposed dividend remains subject to Board and shareholder approval. If shareholders approve the annual dividend at the Annual General Meeting on April 14  2023  it is anticipated that the record date for the dividend will be April 25  2023  with an ex-dividend date of April 24  2023.Story continuesCNH Industrial (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) is a world-class equipment and services company. Driven by its purpose of Breaking New Ground  which centers on Innovation  Sustainability and Productivity  the Company provides the strategic direction  R&D capabilities  and investments that enable the success of its global and regional Brands. Globally  Case IH and New Holland Agriculture supply 360° agriculture applications from machines to implements and the digital technologies that enhance them; and CASE and New Holland Construction Equipment deliver a full lineup of construction products that make the industry more productive. The Company’s regionally focused Brands include: STEYR  for agricultural tractors; Raven  a leader in digital agriculture  precision technology and the development of autonomous systems; Flexi-Coil  specializing in tillage and seeding systems; Miller  manufacturing application equipment; Kongskilde  providing tillage  seeding and hay & forage implements; and Eurocomach  producing a wide range of mini and midi excavators for the construction sector  including electric solutions. Across a history spanning over two centuries  CNH Industrial has always been a pioneer in its sectors and continues to passionately innovate and drive customer efficiency and success. As a truly global company  CNH Industrial’s 37 000+ employees form part of a diverse and inclusive workplace  focused on empowering customers to grow  and build  a better world.For more information and the latest financial and sustainability reports visit: cnhindustrial.comFor news from CNH Industrial and its Brands visit: media.cnhindustrial.comContacts:Media RelationsEmail: mediarelations@cnhind.comInvestor RelationsEmail: investor.relations@cnhind.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.18,0.54,True,English,"['$300 million share buyback program', 'annual dividend ex-dividend', 'CNH Industrial', 'second tranche', 'preliminary details', 'payment dates', 'CNH Industrial N.V.', 'New Holland Construction Equipment', '$300 million share buyback program', '$50 million share buyback', 'Buyback Programs section', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'European Central Bank', 'R&D capabilities', 'manufacturing application equipment', 'New Holland Agriculture', 'multilateral trading facilities', 'annual cash dividend', 'Annual General Meeting', 'annual dividend', 'world-class equipment', 'New Ground', 'construction products', 'construction sector', 'trading decisions', 'common share', 'proposed dividend', '360° agriculture applications', 'digital agriculture', 'discretionary arrangement', 'financial intermediary', 'closed periods', 'applicable regulations', 'Euronext Milan', 'existing authority', 'automatic orders', 'Average price', 'US Dollar', 'exchange rate', 'regulated markets', 'corporate website', 'following address', 'shareholder approval', 'strategic direction', 'digital technologies', 'full lineup', 'agricultural tractors', 'precision technology', 'autonomous systems', 'wide range', 'midi excavators', 'electric solutions', 'two centuries', 'customer efficiency', '37,000+ employees', 'inclusive workplace', 'latest financial', 'regional Brands', 'Brands visit', 'Media Relations', 'second tranche', 'following transaction', 'record date', 'ex-dividend date', 'Case IH', 'seeding systems', 'forage implements', 'sustainability reports', 'services company', 'The Company', 'Investor Relations', 'global company', 'London', 'February', 'NYSE', 'CNHI', 'framework', 'July', 'agreement', 'purchases', 'accordance', 'MTFs', 'compliance', 'terms', 'conditions', 'shareholders', 'April', 'aggregate', 'broker', 'timing', 'basis', 'instructions', 'commencement', 'Number', 'fees', 'Consideration', 'translations', 'Treasury', 'Details', 'table', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Story', 'purpose', 'Innovation', 'Productivity', 'investments', 'success', 'machines', 'industry', 'Raven', 'leader', 'development', 'Flexi-Coil', 'tillage', 'Miller', 'Kongskilde', 'hay', 'Eurocomach', 'mini', 'pioneer', 'sectors', 'part', 'diverse', 'customers', 'information', 'news', 'Contacts', 'Email', 'mediarelations', 'Attachment']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17802,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230124005056/en/Razorfish-Promotes-Dani-Mariano-to-President-Sets-Sights-on-Scaling-Client-Services,Razorfish Promotes Dani Mariano to President  Sets Sights on Scaling Client Services,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Marketing transformation leader Razorfish today announced the elevation of Dani Mariano to President as the company demonstrates strong momentum entering 2023. Mariano will be accountable for scaling the agency through advanced offe…,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Marketing transformation leader Razorfish today announced the elevation of Dani Mariano to President as the company demonstrates strong momentum entering 2023. Mariano will be accountable for scaling the agency through advanced offerings  and empowering client growth through innovative initiatives focused on client business outcomes.Previously EVP  Managing Director at Razorfish  Mariano will continue to be the U.S. lead for Publicis’ Constellation Groupe  a bespoke Power of One team for Samsung  and has a proven track record for meeting client service demands and exceeding expectations.“ Now is an exciting time for Razorfish  and I am thrilled to be at the helm as we strive to set the new standard for the digital marketing landscape. We’re on the cusp of a truly unique moment when it comes to new virtual arenas like the metaverse and Web3  and I’m committed to discovering how Razorfish can empower brand relationships across every consumer touchpoint ” remarked Mariano.Josh Campo  CEO of Razorfish  commented: “ I’ve had the honor of working alongside Dani for more than seven years  and from day one  she has delivered on our purpose to performance promise to clients every step of the way. There is no doubt in my mind that Dani will be instrumental in ushering in the new age of Razorfish  given her invaluable experience and expertise with our Publicis Groupe Power of One business model and the evolution of the digital landscape.”In making a long-term commitment to growing its people and leaders from within  Razorfish has also announced the promotions of Michael Burgess to Chief Client Officer and Scott Holmes to Chief Growth Officer.Burgess will be responsible for Razorfish’s key regional businesses  fostering agency collaboration and deepening Razorfish’s executive-level client relationships. Holmes will be focused on empowering the agency’s growth office by taking a client-centric approach to connecting marketing  business development  and client services.About RazorfishRazorfish is a global leader in marketing transformation. We help brands and businesses grow by creating unforgettable experiences that connect and enrich people’s lives. A digital pioneer since the dawn of the internet  we’re back to write a new chapter. Everything we make starts with people. Our 1 400 strategy  data  creative and technology experts combine digital innovation  data and cultural insights to help us understand what people want at every part of the journey. Through capabilities in products & platforms; physical & digital; and campaigns & content  we turn ideas into experiences that make a difference for our clients  their customers  and the world we all live in.Learn more at razorfish.com. Twitter: @wearerazorfish | LinkedIn | Instagram | Facebook. Razorfish is part of Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40]  a global leader in communication.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.89,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['Scaling Client Services', 'Dani Mariano', 'Razorfish', 'President', 'Sights', 'U.S. lead', 'proven track record', 'client service demands', 'Chief Client Officer', 'Chief Growth Officer', 'Publicis’ Constellation Groupe', 'new virtual arenas', 'client business outcomes', 'executive-level client relationships', 'One business model', 'key regional businesses', 'Publicis Groupe Power', 'digital marketing landscape', 'client growth', 'client services', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'bespoke Power', 'One team', 'brand relationships', 'digital landscape', 'business development', 'NEW YORK', 'new standard', 'new age', 'new chapter', 'strong momentum', 'advanced offerings', 'innovative initiatives', 'Managing Director', 'exciting time', 'unique moment', 'consumer touchpoint', 'Josh Campo', 'seven years', 'invaluable experience', 'long-term commitment', 'client-centric approach', 'global leader', 'marketing transformation', 'digital pioneer', 'technology experts', 'digital innovation', 'cultural insights', 'Euronext Paris', 'Michael Burgess', 'Scott Holmes', 'unforgettable experiences', 'agency collaboration', 'Dani Mariano', 'Razorfish', 'elevation', 'President', 'company', 'EVP', 'Samsung', 'expectations', 'cusp', 'metaverse', 'Web', 'CEO', 'honor', 'day', 'purpose', 'promise', 'clients', 'step', 'way', 'doubt', 'mind', 'expertise', 'evolution', 'people', 'leaders', 'promotions', 'brands', 'lives', 'dawn', 'internet', 'Everything', '1,400 strategy', 'data', 'creative', 'part', 'journey', 'capabilities', 'products', 'platforms', 'physical', 'campaigns', 'content', 'ideas', 'difference', 'customers', 'world', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Facebook', 'CAC', 'communication']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,businesswire.com
17803,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/06/2601771/0/en/WENDEL-Stahl-to-acquire-ICP-Industrial-Solutions-Group-significantly-growing-and-diversifying-its-specialty-coatings-activity.html,WENDEL: Stahl to acquire ICP Industrial Solutions Group  significantly growing and diversifying its specialty coatings activity,Stahl to acquire ICP Industrial Solutions Group  significantly growing and diversifying its specialty coatings activity    Wendel (Euronext: MF.FP)......,English FrenchStahl to acquire ICP Industrial Solutions Group  significantly growing and diversifying its specialty coatings activityWendel (Euronext: MF.FP) announces today that Stahl has signed an agreement to acquire ICP Industrial Solutions Group (ISG)  a leader in high-performance packaging coatings  which will reinforce Stahl’s position as the global leader in the field of specialty coatings for flexible materials.ISG  a division of the ICP (Innovative Chemical Products) Group  offers a comprehensive portfolio of high-performance coatings used primarily in packaging and labeling applications  notably in the resilient food and pharmaceutical sectors. It is mostly present in North America (close to 70% of sales)  where it is a recognized technical leader. ISG coating technologies (water-based and energy cured1) help its customers transition to more sustainable packaging. ISG is expected to report 2022 sales of c. $140 million.Following this acquisition  Stahl sales will cross the €1 billion mark with an EBITDA margin above 20%. The transaction will be carried out at an enterprise value of c. $205 million. Concurrently  Stahl has secured a new financing of $580 million with a group of relationship banks  extending maturities until 2028. It will be available to finance this acquisition  refinance its existing credit facilities and fund future external growth  with a focus on specialty coatings opportunities. The ISG transaction is expected to close before the end of Q1 2023  subject to customary conditions.Maarten Heijbroek  CEO of Stahl  said: “ISG is a strong strategic fit for Stahl  given the complementary nature of our business models  technologies  and footprints. The acquisition will enhance Stahl’s growth profile  diversify our target markets  and broaden our technology base. Going forward  specialty coatings will represent approximately 75% of group sales2. ISG will be able to take advantage of Stahl’s know-how and ESG leadership position to support the transition towards more sustainable value chains. We are excited about this opportunity and look forward to welcoming the excellent ISG team into the Stahl family.”Laurent Mignon  CEO of Wendel  said: “Wendel is pleased to have another opportunity to support Stahl in its successful growth trajectory. As a long-term investor  Wendel always encourages its portfolio companies to grow both organically and inorganically. After the successful acquisitions and integrations of Clariant LS in 2014 and BASF LC in 2017  and following the acquisition of ISG  Stahl sales will exceed the €1 billion mark. The company is making another major step in its strategy to become the global leader in the field of specialty coatings for flexible materials.”About ICP Industrial Solutions GroupFor more information: https://www.icpindustrial.com/about/Find here the key milestones of Wendel investment in Stahl since 2006: https://www.wendelgroup.com/en/companies/stahl/1 Energy-cured coatings are recognized to provide significant advantages in terms of faster cure times  often improved coating properties  reduced Volatile Organic Compounds  waste  and energy consumption  and smaller manufacturing footprints2 Based on pro forma sales including ISG. Specialty coatings include existing performance coatings and leather finish activities plus ISG.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.82,0.18,0.0,True,English,"['ICP Industrial Solutions Group', 'specialty coatings activity', 'WENDEL', 'Stahl', 'ICP Industrial Solutions Group', 'Innovative Chemical Products) Group', 'specialty coatings activity Wendel', 'existing credit facilities', 'strong strategic fit', 'faster cure times', 'Volatile Organic Compounds', 'leather finish activities', 'future external growth', 'existing performance coatings', 'successful growth trajectory', 'specialty coatings opportunities', 'ESG leadership position', 'sustainable value chains', 'smaller manufacturing footprints', 'pro forma sales', 'excellent ISG team', 'English French Stahl', 'high-performance packaging coatings', 'The ISG transaction', 'ISG coating technologies', 'high-performance coatings', 'group sales', 'growth profile', 'sustainable packaging', 'enterprise value', 'successful acquisitions', '1 Energy-cured coatings', 'coating properties', 'flexible materials', 'comprehensive portfolio', 'labeling applications', 'resilient food', 'pharmaceutical sectors', 'North America', '€1 billion mark', 'EBITDA margin', 'new financing', 'relationship banks', 'customary conditions', 'Maarten Heijbroek', 'complementary nature', 'business models', 'target markets', 'technology base', 'Laurent Mignon', 'long-term investor', 'Clariant LS', 'BASF LC', 'major step', 'key milestones', 'significant advantages', 'Wendel investment', 'global leader', 'technical leader', 'portfolio companies', 'energy consumption', 'Stahl family', 'Stahl sales', '2022 sales', 'Euronext', 'MF.', 'FP', 'agreement', 'field', 'division', 'customers', 'maturities', 'focus', 'Q1', 'CEO', 'know', 'how', 'transition', 'opportunity', 'integrations', 'company', 'strategy', 'information', 'icpindustrial', 'wendelgroup', 'terms', 'waste', 'Attachment']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,globenewswire.com
17805,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230206005505/en/IDC-MarketScape-Names-Medidata-a-Leader-in-Life-Science-RD-Risk-Based-Monitoring-Solutions-Vendor-Assessment,IDC MarketScape Names Medidata a Leader in Life Science R&D Risk-Based Monitoring Solutions Vendor Assessment,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Medidata  a Dassault Systèmes company  announced it has been positioned as a Leader in the IDC MarketScape “Worldwide Life Science R&D Risk-Based Monitoring Solutions 2022 Vendor Assessment (doc #US48061722).” The IDC MarketScape as…,NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Medidata  a Dassault Systèmes company  announced it has been positioned as a Leader in the IDC MarketScape “ Worldwide Life Science R&D Risk-Based Monitoring Solutions 2022 Vendor Assessment (doc #US48061722).” The IDC MarketScape assessment evaluated Medidata’s comprehensive RBQM (Risk-Based Quality Management) capabilities including Medidata Detect  which provides clinical operations teams with the ability to proactively monitor and mitigate risks to data integrity and patient safety.“ Our position in the IDC MarketScape comes from the success our customers gain with Medidata’s industry-leading analytics  Detect  and our Professional Services offering ” said Fareed Melhem  senior vice president  Medidata AI. “ Clinical trials are faster and have vastly more data than ever before  requiring a seismic shift in how clinical operations and data management teams can–and should–monitor and analyze those data to derive actionable insights.”Medidata Detect is the end-to-end data and risk surveillance platform  providing cross-functional operational teams with the ability to identify  document  monitor  and mitigate risks to data integrity  and patient safety. Detect users have access to role-based activities and workflows supported by real-time data  visualizations  and automated insights for better planning and increased efficiency.As with all of its solutions  RBQM customers are supported by the Medidata Professional Services team – recognized experts with deep clinical trial expertise. The team supports rapid implementation and client enablement  process improvements  change management  business transformation  and plays a critical role in ROI maximization.About the IDC MarketScapeThe IDC MarketScape vendor assessment model is designed to provide an overview of the competitive fitness of ICT (information and communications technology) suppliers in a given market. The research methodology utilizes a rigorous scoring methodology based on both qualitative and quantitative criteria that results in a single graphical illustration of each vendor’s position within a given market. IDC MarketScape provides a clear framework in which the product and service offerings  capabilities and strategies  and current and future market success factors of IT and telecommunications vendors can be meaningfully compared. The framework also provides technology buyers with a 360-degree assessment of the strengths and weaknesses of current and prospective vendors.Medidata is a wholly owned subsidiary of Dassault Systèmes  which with its 3DEXPERIENCE platform is positioned to lead the digital transformation of life sciences in the age of personalized medicine with the first end-to-end scientific and business platform  from research to commercialization.About MedidataMedidata is leading the digital transformation of life sciences  creating hope for millions of patients. Medidata helps generate the evidence and insights to help pharmaceutical  biotech  medical device and diagnostics companies  and academic researchers accelerate value  minimize risk  and optimize outcomes. More than one million registered users across 2 000+ customers and partners access the world's most trusted platform for clinical development  commercial  and real-world data. Medidata  a Dassault Systèmes company (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA)  is headquartered in New York City and has offices around the world to meet the needs of its customers. Discover more at www.medidata.com and follow us @MedidataAbout Dassault SystèmesDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative 3D virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens  and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 140 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.com3DEXPERIENCE  the Compass icon  the 3DS logo  CATIA  BIOVIA  GEOVIA  SOLIDWORKS  3DVIA  ENOVIA  NETVIBES  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM  3DEXCITE  SIMULIA  DELMIA  and IFWE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French “société européenne” (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.,neutral,0.0,0.96,0.03,positive,0.78,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['Life Science R&D Risk-Based Monitoring Solutions Vendor Assessment', 'IDC MarketScape', 'Medidata', 'Leader', 'Worldwide Life Science R&D Risk-Based Monitoring Solutions 2022 Vendor Assessment', 'The IDC MarketScape vendor assessment model', 'French “société européenne', 'The IDC MarketScape assessment', 'Risk-Based Quality Management) capabilities', 'collaborative 3D virtual environments', 'deep clinical trial expertise', 'Dassault Systèmes company', 'future market success factors', 'Medidata Professional Services team', 'Professional Services offering', 'virtual twin experiences', 'senior vice president', 'cross-functional operational teams', 'single graphical illustration', 'communications technology) suppliers', 'rigorous scoring methodology', 'clinical operations teams', 'New York City', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'data management teams', '360-degree assessment', 'risk surveillance platform', 'life sciences', '3DEXPERIENCE Company', 'change management', 'Clinical trials', 'clinical development', 'technology buyers', 'trusted platform', 'comprehensive RBQM', 'patient safety', 'Fareed Melhem', 'seismic shift', 'role-based activities', 'rapid implementation', 'client enablement', 'process improvements', 'critical role', 'ROI maximization', 'competitive fitness', 'research methodology', 'quantitative criteria', 'service offerings', 'telecommunications vendors', 'prospective vendors', 'digital transformation', 'personalized medicine', 'first end', 'end scientific', 'medical device', 'diagnostics companies', 'academic researchers', 'one million', 'Euronext Paris', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'Compass icon', '3DS logo', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'commercial trademarks', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', '3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'business platform', 'data integrity', 'end data', 'real-time data', 'real-world data', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business transformation', 'actionable insights', 'automated insights', 'customers gain', 'RBQM customers', 'clear framework', '2,000+ customers', 'real world', 'sustainable world', 'other countries', 'Medidata AI', 'Detect users', 'Medidata Detect', '300,000 customers', '140 countries', 'Leader', 'ability', 'risks', 'position', 'access', 'workflows', 'visualizations', 'planning', 'increased', 'efficiency', 'experts', 'overview', 'ICT', 'information', 'qualitative', 'product', 'strategies', 'current', 'strengths', 'weaknesses', 'subsidiary', 'commercialization', 'hope', 'millions', 'patients', 'evidence', 'biotech', 'value', 'outcomes', 'More', 'partners', 'DSY', 'offices', 'needs', 'catalyst', 'people', 'applications', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'sizes', 'industries', 'CATIA', 'BIOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', '3DVIA', 'ENOVIA', 'NETVIBES', '3DEXCITE', 'SIMULIA', 'DELMIA', 'IFWE', 'subsidiaries']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,businesswire.com
17806,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000062.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 03 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.1636 £ 23.9186 Estimated MTD return -0.43 % -0.44 % Estimated YTD return -2.18 % -2.08 % Estimated ITD return 171.64 % 139.19 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.27 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.56 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 10 411 N/A Shares Issued 12 307 469 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.0469 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.6085The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17807,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aramis-group-second-refurbishing-center-164500981.html,Aramis Group - Second refurbishing center inaugurated in the UK  Europe’s leading market for used car sales,PRESS RELEASE Arcueil  February 6  2023 Second refurbishing center inaugurated in the UK  Europe’s leading market for used car sales Aramis Group [Ticker...,ARAMIS GROUPPRESS RELEASEArcueil  February 6  2023Second refurbishing center inaugurated in the UK Europe’s leading market for used car salesAramis Group [Ticker: ARAMI – ISIN: FR0014003U94]  European leader for B2C online used car sales  present in six countries  is announcing the inauguration of its second used vehicle refurbishing center in the United Kingdom  Europe’s largest market for used vehicle sales with over 6.5 million units sold in 2022.Located in Hull  Yorkshire  this new 15 000 sq.m center includes a dedicated refurbishing building of 4 800 sq.m. It will complement the longstanding Goole site and drive productivity and efficiency gains for vehicle preparation. It represents a total investment of around €2.5 million.Once fully operational  this new center will increase Aramis Group’s processing capacity in the UK by around 25 000 vehicles per year  helping serve a growing number of UK customers with quality refurbished cars at the right price  in line with its focus on the circular economy. The Goole center currently processes around 13 000 vehicles annually.Up to 100 qualified local jobs will be created over time  helping further strengthen the industrial network and strong local roots of CarSupermarket.com  Aramis Group’s UK subsidiary. However  in view of current automotive market trends in the UK  the Hull center’s ramp-up has been adapted in line with the level of demand  with certain business experts redeployed from Goole to the Hull site and a limited number of new hires. As soon as the economic context improves  CarSupermarket.com will be able to strongly re-accelerate and relaunch its growth  in a structurally deep and attractive UK market.Nicolas Chartier and Guillaume Paoli  co-founders1 of Aramis Group: “Following the opening of the Antwerp refurbishing center in November 2021  the Group’s first site in Belgium  then the Nemours facility in June 2022  its second site in France  Aramis Group is delighted to inaugurate its second site in the UK. Thank you to all our teams for this great achievement  and particularly Matt Barrick  who has been with CarSupermarket.com for more than 15 years and was recently appointed as CEO of our UK operations  and who has been a driving force behind its development. This center illustrates the convergence of practices within Aramis Group  with CarSupermarket.com benefiting from the transfer of the industry-leading vehicle refurbishing expertise in Europe built up since 2014 by AramisAuto  our French subsidiary  at its Donzère center in the south of France. Located in Hull  Yorkshire  the region where CarSupermarket.com was founded more than 20 years ago and where the brand has a strong leading position locally  this new center will enable us to triple our vehicle processing capacity in the UK over time  helping consolidate our position in this country and supporting our objectives for growth”.Story continues***About Aramis Group – www.aramis.groupAramis Group is the European leader for B2C online used car sales and operates in six countries. A fast-growing group  an e-commerce expert and a vehicle refurbishing pioneer  Aramis Group takes action each day for more sustainable mobility with an offering that is part of the circular economy. Founded in 2001  it has been revolutionizing its market for over 20 years  focused on ensuring the satisfaction of its customers and capitalizing on digital technology and employee engagement to create value for all its stakeholders. With annual revenues of nearly €2 billion  Aramis Group sells more than 90 000 vehicles B2C and welcomes close to 80 million visitors across all its digital platforms each year. The Group employs nearly 2 400 people and has eight industrial-scale refurbishing centers throughout Europe. Aramis Group is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment A (Ticker: ARAMI – ISIN: FR0014003U94).Investors contactAlexandre LeroyHead of Investor Relationsalexandre.leroy@aramis.group+33 (0)6 58 80 50 24Press contactsBrunswickHugues BoëtonTristan Roquet Montegonaramisgroup@brunswickgroup.com+33 (0)6 79 99 27 15DisclaimerCertain information included in this press release is not historical data but forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and assumptions  including  but not limited to  assumptions about current and future business strategies and the environment in which Aramis Group operates  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which may cause actual results or performance  or the results or other events  to be materially different from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those discussed or identified in Chapter 3 “Risk Factors” of the Universal Registration Document dated January 18  2023  approved by the AMF under number R. 23-002 and available on the Group’s website (www.aramis.group) and on the AMF website (www.amf-france.org). These forward-looking statements and information are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. This press release does not contain or constitute an offer of securities or an invitation or inducement to invest in securities in France  the United States or any other jurisdiction.1 Nicolas Chartier is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company  and Guillaume Paoli is Deputy Chief Executive Officer  based on a two-year rotationAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.27,0.3,True,English,"['Second refurbishing center', 'Aramis Group', 'leading market', 'car sales', 'UK', 'Europe', 'Up to 100 qualified local jobs', 'B2C online used car sales', 'second used vehicle refurbishing center', 'Euronext Paris Compartment A', 'eight industrial-scale refurbishing centers', 'industry-leading vehicle refurbishing expertise', 'current automotive market trends', 'new 15,000 sq.m center', 'used vehicle sales', 'strong local roots', 'vehicle refurbishing pioneer', 'dedicated refurbishing building', 'Second refurbishing center', 'Antwerp refurbishing center', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Tristan Roquet Montegon', 'Universal Registration Document', 'Donzère center', 'vehicle processing capacity', 'Press contacts Brunswick', 'future business strategies', 'The Goole center', 'longstanding Goole site', 'strong leading position', 'attractive UK market', 'vehicle preparation', 'new center', 'second site', 'leading market', 'business experts', 'new hires', 'largest market', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'current beliefs', 'Hull center', 'The Group', 'first site', 'European leader', 'six countries', 'United Kingdom', '6.5 million units', 'efficiency gains', 'total investment', 'right price', 'circular economy', 'industrial network', 'economic context', 'Nicolas Chartier', 'Guillaume Paoli', 'Nemours facility', 'great achievement', 'Matt Barrick', 'driving force', 'French subsidiary', 'e-commerce expert', 'sustainable mobility', 'digital technology', 'employee engagement', 'annual revenues', '80 million visitors', 'digital platforms', 'Investor Relations', 'historical data', 'forward-looking statements', 'other factors', 'other events', 'Risk Factors', 'future performance', 'CarSupermarket.com', 'growing group', 'ARAMIS GROUP', 'aramis.group', 'Hull site', 'growing number', 'limited number', 'UK subsidiary', 'UK operations', 'Alexandre Leroy', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'UK customers', 'AMF website', '4,800 sq', 'Arcueil', 'February', 'Ticker', 'ISIN', 'inauguration', 'Yorkshire', 'productivity', '25,000 vehicles', 'year', 'quality', 'focus', '13,000 vehicles', 'time', 'view', 'ramp-up', 'level', 'demand', 'growth', 'deep', 'founders1', 'opening', 'November', 'Belgium', 'June', 'France', 'teams', 'CEO', 'development', 'convergence', 'practices', 'transfer', 'AramisAuto', 'south', 'region', 'brand', 'country', 'objectives', 'Story', 'action', 'offering', 'value', 'stakeholders', '90,000 vehicles', '2,400 people', 'Investors', 'Head', 'Disclaimer', 'information', 'assumptions', 'environment', 'uncertainties', 'Chapter', 'org', 'guarantees']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17808,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000629.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 03 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.1636 £ 23.9186 Estimated MTD return -0.43 % -0.44 % Estimated YTD return -2.18 % -2.08 % Estimated ITD return 171.64 % 139.19 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.27 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.56 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 10 411 N/A Shares Issued 12 307 469 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.0469 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.6085The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.Story continuesFor further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'Story', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17809,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nexans-enters-exclusive-negotiations-syntagma-073000241.html,Nexans enters into exclusive negotiations with Syntagma Capital for the sale of its Telecom Systems business,Nexans enters into exclusive negotiations with Syntagma Capital for the sale of its Telecom Systems business _PRESS RELEASE_ Nexans enters into exclusive...,NexansNexans enters into exclusive negotiations with Syntagma Capital for the sale of its Telecom Systems business_PRESS RELEASE_Nexans enters into exclusive negotiation s for the sale of its Telecom Systems activities to Syntagma CapitalThis proposed transaction marks a new step in the implementation of Nexans’ strategy to refocus as a Pure Electrification PlayerParis  February 6  2023 – Nexans has entered into exclusive negotiations with Syntagma Capital  a Belgium-based private equity fund  for the sale of its Telecom Systems activity (“The Business”). This proposed transaction marks Nexans’ exit from the telecom and data activity in line with its strategy to simplify its activities and amplify its impact in Electrification markets.The Business operates primarily in the design  production and commercialization of advanced solutions for telecom  LAN networks as well as datacentres and constitutes the main remaining part of the Telecom & Data division after the sale of Berk-Tek in 2020. It employs around 680 people and has a turnover of around 200 million euros in aggregate.Christopher Guérin  Chief Executive Officer of Nexans declared: “We are pleased that our Telecom Systems colleagues will join a strategic new home with Syntagma Capital to further invest and grow the business. This powerful combination will deliver meaningful opportunities to employees and customers. I would like to thank the teams for the excellent work they have done in the past  and I am confident in their future development.”“We are pleased to partner with management to continue to grow the business. Providing the backbone for data management is an exciting prospect. This transaction represents our most recent carve out and reflects Syntagma’s strategy to acquire businesses that will benefit from a new owner to drive the next area of growth” said Sebastien Kiekert Le Moult  Managing Partner of Syntagma.The proposed transaction remains subject to the fulfilment of customary conditions for this type of transaction  including the information and consultation of works councils and other regulatory approvals. The closing of the transaction is expected to be completed by the end of the first half of 2023.Story continuesFollowing the closing of the transaction  the Special Telecom division  active in the production and installation of subsea telecommunication systems  accessories and services based in Rognan  Norway  will become part of Nexans Generation & Transmission business group enhancing the global capabilities and commercial offering.About Syntagma CapitalSyntagma invests in companies that can benefit from hands-on operational expertise to accelerate growth and improve performance for all stakeholders. They are true operators with experience working in and managing companies on a global scale  leveraging our in-house resources to develop successful strategies  and execute them to realize their full potential and create sustainable long-term value. Syntagma invests and operates companies in a broad range of industries with a specific focus on the material  chemical  industrial  and business services markets and including manufacturing  distribution  transportation and logistics  equipment rental  metals services  and other industries. Syntagma is committed to high ESG standards across all its investments and is based in Brussels  Belgium.For more information  please visit: https://syntagmacapital.comContact:Marie CiparisseTel.: +32 (0)2 315 70 12mciparisse@syntagmacapital.comAbout NexansFor more than a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in electrifying the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With almost 25 000 staff in 42 countries  the Group is driving the change towards the new world of electrification: a safer  more sustainable  renewable  carbon-free world  accessible to all. In 2021  Nexans generated €6.1 billion in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacture of cable systems and services in five main areas of activity: Energy Production & Transmission  Distribution  Uses  Industry & Solutions and Telecom & Data. Nexans was the first player in its industry to create a Corporate Foundation to support actions that promote access to energy for disadvantaged populations worldwide. The Group is committed to helping achieve carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on the Euronext Paris stock market  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:Investor RelationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.com CommunicationsEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comMaëllys LeosticTel.: +33 (0)7 87 04 96 58maellys.leostic@nexans.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['Telecom Systems business', 'exclusive negotiations', 'Syntagma Capital', 'Nexans', 'sale', 'Belgium-based private equity fund', 'Sebastien Kiekert Le Moult', 'sustainable, renewable, carbon-free world', 'Euronext Paris stock market', 'sustainable long-term value', 'Christopher Guérin', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'high ESG standards', 'five main areas', 'Maëllys Leostic', 'subsea telecommunication systems', 'other regulatory approvals', 'exclusive negotiation s', 'strategic new home', 'main remaining part', 'Telecom Systems colleagues', 'Special Telecom division', 'Pure Electrification Player', 'Telecom Systems business', 'Telecom Systems activities', 'Telecom Systems activity', 'business services markets', 'Transmission business group', 'new world', 'cable systems', 'Electrification markets', 'first player', 'exclusive negotiations', 'new step', 'Data division', 'new owner', 'The Business', 'LAN networks', '200 million euros', 'powerful combination', 'meaningful opportunities', 'excellent work', 'exciting prospect', 'recent carve', 'next area', 'Managing Partner', 'customary conditions', 'works councils', 'first half', 'global capabilities', 'commercial offering', 'operational expertise', 'true operators', 'global scale', 'house resources', 'successful strategies', 'full potential', 'broad range', 'specific focus', 'equipment rental', 'other industries', 'Marie Ciparisse', 'a century', 'crucial role', 'standard sales', 'The Group', 'Corporate Foundation', 'disadvantaged populations', 'carbon neutrality', 'compartment A.', 'Investor Relations', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'data activity', 'metals services', 'Syntagma Capital', 'advanced solutions', 'Emmanuel Guinot', 'future development', 'data management', 'Nexans’ exit', 'Nexans Generation', 'Energy Production', 'Nexans’ strategy', 'transaction', 'implementation', 'February', 'line', 'impact', 'design', 'commercialization', 'datacentres', 'Berk-Tek', '680 people', 'turnover', 'aggregate', 'employees', 'customers', 'teams', 'past', 'backbone', 'businesses', 'growth', 'proposed', 'fulfilment', 'type', 'information', 'consultation', 'closing', 'end', 'Story', 'installation', 'accessories', 'Rognan', 'Norway', 'companies', 'hands', 'performance', 'stakeholders', 'experience', 'material', 'industrial', 'manufacturing', 'distribution', 'transportation', 'logistics', 'investments', 'Brussels', 'Contact', 'Tel.', 'mciparisse', 'planet', '25,000 staff', '42 countries', 'change', 'leader', 'manufacture', 'Uses', 'Industry', 'actions', 'Communications', 'Attachment', '32', '1', '7']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17810,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/legrand-superior-essex-launch-groundbreaking-203900618.html,Legrand and Superior Essex Launch Groundbreaking Commercial High-Power  Power Over Ethernet Cabling System at BICSI Winter,Legrand  the global specialist in electrical and digital building infrastructures  and Superior Essex Communications  a leading manufacturer of...,"Offered under their shared brand  nCompass Systems  the new Extended Distance product enables data and power transport at distances exceeding TIA standardsWEST HARTFORD  Conn.  Feb. 6  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Legrand  the global specialist in electrical and digital building infrastructures  and Superior Essex Communications  a leading manufacturer of communications cables in North America  have teamed up at the BICSI Winter Conference and Exhibition to launch the brand new nCompass Systems Extended Distance cabling system. This innovative and dynamic product exceeds current industry benchmarks for deploying high-power power over ethernet (Hi-PoE) on an IP network. The Extended Distance solution represents the next generation of cable connectivity for commercial customers. It is the latest product to result from over a decade of cooperation between Legrand and Superior Essex.IoT  5G  and the increasing number of connected devices deployed in commercial buildings today have created a demand for new communications cabling solutions that offer enhanced  multifunctional capabilities. The new nCompass Extended Distance solution does just that – enabling data and power transport over distances that exceed TIA standards. It is a premium solution that will enable cutting-edge network installations for nCompass customers  including some of the world's largest commercial operators.Benefits of the Extended Distance solution include:Exceeds 100 M (current TIA standard)Device agnosticCan deploy PoE and IPNo special componentsCost savingsWarranty backedUL tested and certified""PoE solves many challenges for today's forward-looking commercial building operators "" said Kristen Poulos  VP/General Manager at Legrand Data Infrastructure. ""By using a single cable for transporting electrical power and data  commercial building operators can reduce overall infrastructure costs  optimize network efficiency  speed the deployment of vital IT and OT equipment and even improve sustainability. We're proud to partner with Superior Essex on this new nCompass system and believe it will play an immediate  critical role in helping commercial building operators reimagine their networks for the future.""Story continues""People and businesses demand more converged networks as they add smart devices to their daily activities. This innovative PoE solution allows them to interconnect more devices with greater efficiency and increased control over their entire network "" explains Brian Ensign  Vice President of Marketing for Superior Essex Communications. ""This Extended Distance cabling system is a real merging of innovation from both Legrand and Superior Essex  and we're excited to release yet another cutting-edge solution into the market with our partners.""Legrand will include the nCompass Extended Distance solution in its Clarity performance line  which consists of a suite of high-density jack and multi-contact cords as well as Superior Essex PowerWise® 1G and 10G 4PPoE cables and field term plugs.BICSI Winter attendees have additional opportunities to learn more about the nCompass Extended Distance product and how a Hi-PoE strategy maximizes the ROI of technology and power distribution deployment. First  Legrand and Superior Essex Communications will present ""The Real Impact of High-Power PoE on Your IP Network"" on Tuesday  February 7  at 11 a.m. in Ballroom D at the Tampa Convention Center. Additionally  the two companies are exhibiting at Booth #401 throughout the event in the Tampa Convention Center until February 9  2023.To learn more about nCompass Systems  visit ncompass-systems.com. For more information about Legrand and Superior Essex  visit legrand.us and superioressexcommunications.com.About Legrand and Legrand  North and Central AmericaLegrand is the global specialist in electrical and digital building infrastructures. Its comprehensive offering of solutions for commercial  industrial and residential markets makes it a benchmark for customers worldwide. The Group harnesses technological and societal trends with lasting impacts on buildings with the purpose of improving life by transforming the spaces where people live  work and meet with electrical  digital infrastructures and connected solutions that are simple  innovative and sustainable. Drawing on an approach that involves all teams and stakeholders  Legrand is pursuing its strategy of profitable and responsible growth driven by acquisitions and innovation  with a steady flow of new offerings—including products with enhanced value in use (faster expanding segments: datacenters  connected offerings and energy efficiency programs). Legrand reported sales of €7.0 billion in 2021. The company is listed on Euronext Paris and is notably a component stock of the CAC 40 and CAC 40 ESG indexes. (code ISIN FR0010307819). https://www.legrand.us/About Superior Essex CommunicationsSuperior Essex Communications is a leading manufacturer and supplier of communications cable in North America. It is on the forefront of innovation through Power over Ethernet  Intelligent Buildings and Cities  5G Fiber infrastructure including Hybrid and Composite solutions  as well as technological advancements being made at its Product Development Center. Superior Essex Communications is also setting the pace on sustainability by being the first company with a Zero Waste to Landfill Certification at its Hoisington  Kansas  plant; the first wire and cable producer to contribute points to LEED certification  and the first to offer verified sustainable cables in over 50 products. Superior Essex Communications is Everywhere You Live and Work®. Additional information is available at www.superioressexcommunications.com.CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/legrand-and-superior-essex-launch-groundbreaking-commercial-high-power-power-over-ethernet-cabling-system-at-bicsi-winter-301739825.htmlSOURCE Legrand",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.86,0.13,0.01,True,English,"['Superior Essex Launch Groundbreaking', 'Ethernet Cabling System', 'BICSI Winter', 'Legrand', 'Power', 'nCompass Systems Extended Distance cabling system', 'new nCompass Extended Distance solution', 'nCompass Extended Distance product', 'new Extended Distance product', 'The Extended Distance solution', 'Superior Essex PowerWise® 1G', 'new communications cabling solutions', 'looking commercial building operators', 'new nCompass system', 'digital building infrastructures', 'BICSI Winter Conference', 'current industry benchmarks', 'overall infrastructure costs', 'immediate, critical role', 'Clarity performance line', 'field term plugs', 'BICSI Winter attendees', 'Tampa Convention Center', 'faster expanding segments', 'largest commercial operators', 'enhanced, multifunctional capabilities', '10G 4PPoE cables', 'The Real Impact', 'current TIA standard', 'energy efficiency programs', 'Superior Essex Communications', 'CAC 40 ESG indexes', 'electrical, digital infrastructures', 'cutting-edge network installations', 'innovative PoE solution', 'power distribution deployment', 'Central America Legrand', 'Legrand Data Infrastructure', 'cutting-edge solution', 'communications cables', 'new offerings', 'premium solution', 'nCompass customers', 'dynamic product', 'latest product', 'The Group', 'Intelligent Building', 'brand new', 'commercial, industrial', 'network efficiency', 'real merging', 'enhanced value', 'commercial customers', 'TIA standards', 'greater efficiency', 'connected solutions', 'commercial buildings', 'entire network', 'power transport', 'WEST HARTFORD', 'global specialist', 'leading manufacturer', 'North America', 'high-power power', 'next generation', 'cable connectivity', 'increasing number', 'special components', 'Cost savings', 'many challenges', 'Kristen Poulos', 'VP/General Manager', 'single cable', 'vital IT', 'OT equipment', 'daily activities', 'Brian Ensign', 'Vice President', 'high-density jack', 'multi-contact cords', 'additional opportunities', 'Ballroom D', 'two companies', 'comprehensive offering', 'residential markets', 'societal trends', 'lasting impacts', 'responsible growth', 'steady flow', 'connected offerings', 'Euronext Paris', 'component stock', 'code ISIN', 'IP network', 'electrical power', 'High-Power PoE', 'connected devices', 'smart devices', 'converged networks', 'Hi-PoE strategy', 'distances', 'Conn.', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'Exhibition', 'ethernet', 'decade', 'cooperation', 'IoT', '5G', 'demand', 'world', 'Benefits', '100 M', 'Warranty', 'today', 'forward', 'sustainability', 'future', 'Story', 'People', 'businesses', 'control', 'Marketing', 'innovation', 'partners', 'suite', 'ROI', 'technology', 'Tuesday', 'February', '11 a', 'Booth', 'event', 'information', 'technological', 'purpose', 'life', 'spaces', 'approach', 'teams', 'stakeholders', 'profitable', 'acquisitions', 'products', 'use', 'datacenters', 'sales', 'company', 'supplier', 'forefront']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17811,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/06/2601953/0/en/Vision-Marine-Technologies-and-Four-Winns-Set-to-Showcase-the-H2e-Electric-Bowrider-at-the-Miami-International-Boat-Show.html,Vision Marine Technologies and Four Winns Set to Showcase the H2e Electric Bowrider at the Miami International Boat Show,"MONTREAL  Feb. 06  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Vision Marine Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ: VMAR) (""Vision Marine"" or the ""Company"")  a global leader and innovator within the performance electric recreational boating industry  and Four Winns  a division of Groupe Be…","MONTREAL  Feb. 06  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Vision Marine Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ: VMAR) (""Vision Marine"" or the ""Company"")  a global leader and innovator within the performance electric recreational boating industry  and Four Winns  a division of Groupe Beneteau (BEN-Euronext) (""Beneteau"")  a renowned manufacturer of recreational boats  are proud to announce their participation at the Miami International Boat Show (""MIBS"") from February 15-19  2023.The companies have submitted their application for the 2023 MIBS Innovation Awards for their 180hp Electric Bowrider  the H2e. ""We are thrilled to be a part of this innovative product and can't wait to show it to the world "" said Nick Harvey  Vice President of Four Winns & Wellcraft.Four Winns will launch worldwide the production version of the H2e at the Miami International Boat Show  available in two different locations. The H2e will be on display in the water at the ST 300 J and H  Venetian Marina along the Venetian Causeway with Four Winns  and at Four Winns booth. Four Winns will be accepting deposits and orders.Vision Marine will also be showcasing the fastest electric boat in the world  the V32 HellKat Powered by Twin application E-Motion Technology Electric Outboards  at Booth MB-1201. The HellKat recently broke the 109 MPH mark at the Lake of the Ozark Shootout 2022  showcasing the company's commitment to advancing electric propulsion technology and the effectiveness of the E-Motion™ Marine Powertrain Technology.Visitors to the Miami International Boat Show are invited to visit Vision Marine and Four Winns at the Convention Center to see the latest in electric propulsion technology and the capabilities of the H2e and V32 Hellkat.""We are excited to participate in the Miami International Boat Show and showcase our products and technology to the world "" said Alex Mongeon  co-founder & CEO of Vision Marine. ""Our partnership with Four Winns has resulted in a truly innovative product  and we look forward to delivering cutting-edge technology to the boating industry.""About Four WinnsFor almost 50 years  Four Winns has been building its international reputation as a manufacturer of refined and sophisticated open boats  easily customizable to meet the needs and desires of boat owners worldwide. Four Winns continues to be the American timeless reference in boat building. Founded in Cadillac  Michigan  its iconic image serves as a basis to consistently evolve products and features across all markets by developing style icons perfectly shaped with a love for details. With a deep commitment to a carefree  instinctive boating experience  Four Winns strives to exceed in comfort  convenience  and operation ease – a true reward as soon as one steps on board.About Groupe BeneteauA global market leader  Groupe Beneteau  thanks to its Boat Division's 11 brands  offers nearly 180 recreational boat models serving its customers' diverse navigational needs and uses  from sailing to motorboating  monohulls and catamarans. Through its Boating Solutions division  the Group is also present in the charter  boat club  marina  digital and financing sectors. Leading the European leisure homes market  the three brands from the Group's Housing division offer a comprehensive range of leisure homes  lodges and pods that combine eco-design with high standards of quality  comfort  and practicality. With its international industrial capabilities and global sales network  the Group employs 7 600 people  primarily in France  the US  Poland  Italy  Portugal  and China.About Vision Marine Technologies  Inc.Vision Marine Technologies  Inc. (Nasdaq: VMAR)  strives to be a guiding force for change and an ongoing driving factor in fighting the problems associated with waterway pollution by disrupting the traditional boating industry with electric power  in turn directly contributing to zero pollution  zero emission and a noiseless environment. Our Flagship E-Motion™ 180E electric marine powertrain is the first fully electric purpose-built outboard powertrain system that combines an advanced battery pack  inverter  and high efficiency motor with proprietary union assembly between the transmission and the electric motor design utilizing extensive control software. Our E-Motion™ and related technologies used in this powertrain system are uniquely designed to improve the efficiency of the outboard powertrain and  as a result  enhance both range and performance. Vision Marine continues to design  innovate  manufacture  and sell handcrafted  environmentally friendly  electric recreational boats to customers. The design and technology applied to our boats results in far greater enhanced performance in general  higher speeds  and longer range. Simply stated  a smoother ride than a traditional internal combustion engine (ICE) motorboat.Forward-Looking StatementsCertain statements made in this press release are ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the ""safe harbor"" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words such as ""anticipate "" believe "" ""expect "" ""estimate "" ""plan "" ""outlook "" and ""project"" and other similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of historical matters. For example  when Vision Marine discusses its partnership and future plans with Four Winns and the Beneteau brand portfolio  and the integration of its electric powertrains  it is using forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements reflect the current analysis of existing information and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. As a result  actual results may differ materially from these expectations due to changes in global  regional  or local economic  business  competitive  market  regulatory and other factors  many of which are outside of Vision Marine's control. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are set forth in Vision Marine's Annual Report on Form 20-F  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for the year ended August 31  2022  as such factors may be updated from time to time in Vision Marine's periodic filings with the SEC. Any forward-looking statement in this press release speaks only as of the date of this release. Vision Marine undertakes no obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement  whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise  except as may be required by any applicable securities laws. https://visionmarinetechnologies.comInvestor and Company Contact:Bruce NurseVision Marine Technologies  Inc.(800) 871-4274bn@v-mti.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.88,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['Miami International Boat Show', 'Vision Marine Technologies', 'H2e Electric Bowrider', 'Four Winns', 'first fully electric purpose-built outboard powertrain system', 'handcrafted, environmentally friendly, electric recreational boats', 'Flagship E-Motion™ 180E electric marine powertrain', 'Twin application E-Motion Technology Electric Outboards', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'performance electric recreational boating industry', 'traditional internal combustion engine', 'carefree, instinctive boating experience', 'Miami International Boat Show', 'E-Motion™ Marine Powertrain Technology', 'European leisure homes market', 'Vision Marine Technologies Inc.', '180hp Electric Bowrider', 'fastest electric boat', 'traditional boating industry', 'electric propulsion technology', '180 recreational boat models', 'electric motor design', 'two different locations', 'sophisticated open boats', 'American timeless reference', 'ongoing driving factor', 'advanced battery pack', 'proprietary union assembly', 'extensive control software', 'greater enhanced performance', 'safe harbor"" provisions', 'global market leader', 'global sales network', 'international industrial capabilities', 'Boating Solutions division', '2023 MIBS Innovation Awards', 'diverse navigational needs', 'high efficiency motor', 'Four Winns booth', 'electric power', 'international reputation', 'global leader', 'boat owners', 'boat building', 'Boat Division', 'boat club', 'related technologies', 'cutting-edge technology', 'Booth MB', 'high standards', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'innovative product', 'Nick Harvey', 'Vice President', 'production version', 'ST 300 J', 'Venetian Causeway', 'V32 HellKat', 'The HellKat', '109 MPH mark', 'Ozark Shootout', 'Convention Center', 'Alex Mongeon', 'iconic image', 'style icons', 'operation ease', 'true reward', 'one steps', 'financing sectors', 'Housing division', 'guiding force', 'waterway pollution', 'zero pollution', 'zero emission', 'noiseless environment', 'higher speeds', 'smoother ride', 'ICE) motorboat', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'Certain statements', 'press release', 'Groupe Beneteau', 'comprehensive range', 'longer range', 'renowned manufacturer', 'Venetian Marina', 'deep commitment', 'three brands', 'The H2e', '11 brands', 'MONTREAL', 'Feb.', 'NASDAQ', 'VMAR', 'Company', 'innovator', 'BEN-Euronext', 'participation', 'February', 'companies', 'world', 'Wellcraft', 'display', 'deposits', 'orders', 'Lake', 'effectiveness', 'Visitors', 'products', 'founder', 'CEO', 'partnership', '50 years', 'refined', 'desires', 'Cadillac', 'Michigan', 'basis', 'features', 'markets', 'love', 'details', 'comfort', 'convenience', 'customers', 'uses', 'sailing', 'motorboating', 'monohulls', 'catamarans', 'charter', 'digital', 'lodges', 'pods', 'eco-design', 'quality', 'practicality', '7,600 people', 'France', 'Poland', 'Italy', 'Portugal', 'China', 'change', 'problems', 'turn', 'inverter', 'transmission', 'result', 'general', 'meaning']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,globenewswire.com
17812,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-BRUXELLES-LAMBERT-5953/news/Groupe-Bruxelles-Lambert-Transactions-on-GBL-shares-from-January-30-2023-until-February-3-2023--42911522/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230206,Groupe Bruxelles Lambert : Transactions on GBL shares from January 30  2023 until February 3  2023 (included),(marketscreener.com)   February 6  2023 - After 5:45pm CET   Regulated information   Delivering meaningful growth   Transactions on GBL Shares   Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from January 30  2023 until February 3  2023    Implement…,February 6  2023 - After 5:45pm CET Regulated information Delivering meaningful growth Transactions on GBL Shares Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from January 30  2023 until February 3  2023 (included) Implementation of the authorization of the Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of April 28  2020 Purchases GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  acquired during the period from January 30  2023 until February 3  2023 included  as part of: The share buyback program: 0 GBL shareThe share buyback program (by an independent financial institution on the basis of a discretionary mandate until March 31  2023): 118 983 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) Stock Exchange 01/30/2023 31 588 78.04 77.70 78.42 2 465 153 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 01/31/2023 16 353 77.96 77.48 78.46 1 274 958 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 02/01/2023 21 623 78.85 78.40 79.18 1 704 954 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 02/02/2023 26 793 80.49 79.10 81.14 2 156 550 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 02/03/2023 22 626 80.38 79.86 80.88 1 818 644 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Total 118 983 79.17 9 420 262 Regulated information of February 6  2023 // Page 1 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.beThe liquidity agreement: 31 825 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 01/30/2023 15 000 78.03 77.70 78.42 1 170 392 Stock Exchange Euronext 01/31/2023 3 400 77.71 77.48 78.46 264 218 Stock Exchange Euronext 02/01/2023 3 000 78.89 78.40 79.18 236 655 Stock Exchange Euronext 02/02/2023 5 500 80.00 79.10 81.14 439 990 Stock Exchange Euronext 02/03/2023 4 925 80.27 79.86 80.88 395 322 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 31 825 78.76 2 506 577 Sales GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  sold during the period from January 30  2023 until February 3  2023 included  as part of: The liquidity agreement: 31 800 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 01/30/2023 14 900 78.06 77.70 78.42 1 163 158 Stock Exchange Euronext 01/31/2023 3 500 77.81 77.48 78.46 272 320 Stock Exchange Euronext 02/01/2023 2 250 78.92 78.40 79.18 177 570 Stock Exchange Euronext 02/02/2023 6 250 80.04 79.10 81.14 500 256 Stock Exchange Euronext 02/03/2023 4 900 80.42 79.86 80.88 394 040 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 31 800 78.85 2 507 344 As of February 3  2023  GBL holds directly and through its subsidiaries 12 787 798 GBL shares representing 8.4% of the issued capital  and holds 25 shares under the liquidity agreement. On that date  71.8% of the fifth share buyback program is executed1. 1 cf. http://www.gbl.be/en/transactions-gbl-shares Regulated information of February 6  2023 // Page 2 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.be,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.05,True,English,"['Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'GBL shares', 'Transactions', 'January', 'February', 'Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'fifth share buyback program', 'market shares price', '322 Stock Exchange Euronext Total', 'meaningful growth Transactions', 'independent financial institution', '55 Stock Exchange Euronext', '9,990 Stock Exchange Euronext', '158 Stock Exchange Euronext', '256 Stock Exchange Euronext', 'Acquis Stock Exchange', 'Acquis Total', '0 GBL share', 'GBL Shares', 'discretionary mandate', 'liquidity agreement', '77 Sales GBL', 'gbl.be', '25 shares', 'February', '5:45pm', 'information', 'Disclosure', 'January', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'April', 'Purchases', 'subsidiaries', 'period', 'part', 'basis', 'March', 'Number', 'CBOE', 'Turquoise', 'Page', 'capital', 'transactions-gbl-shares', '54']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17813,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KTESIOS-REAL-ESTATE-SOCIM-123269049/news/Ktesios-Real-Estate-SOCIMI-S-A-SOCIMI-has-acquired-4-000-treasury-shares-at-14-40-euros-per-share-42911857/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230206,Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S A : SOCIMI has acquired 4.000 treasury shares at 14 40 euros per share  through a standard market operation via order book.,(marketscreener.com)   KTESIOS SOCIMI   Madrid  6 February 2023   Pursuant to Article 17 of Regulation No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse   Article 61004/2 of Euronext Rule Book I Harmonized Rul…,"KTESIOS SOCIMIMadrid  6 February 2023Pursuant to Article 17 of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse (Market Abuse Regulation)  Article 61004/2 of Euronext Rule Book I Harmonized Rules and concordant provisions  on ongoing obligations of companies listed on Euronext  Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI  S.A. (the ""Company"") hereby notifies the following:RELEVANT MARKET NOTICEThe Company has acquired 4.000 treasury shares at 14 40 euros per share  through a standard market operation via order book. With this new acquisition the Company has a total of 16.534 00 treasury shares  representing 1 14% of the stockholding.We remain at your disposal for any clarification you may need.Henry GallegoCEOKtesios Real Estate SOCIMI  S.A.Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S.A. CIF: A88346614 - C/ Sagasta 15  7º Izda.- 28004 - MadridRegistrada en el Registro Mercantil de Madrid al Tomo 38.976  Folio 30  Sección 1  Hoja M-692614Email: info@ktesios-socimi.es | Tel: +34 910 638 011 | www.ktesios-socimi.es",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.54,0.46,0.0,True,English,"['Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S A', 'standard market operation', '4.000 treasury shares', 'order book', '14,40 euros', 'Ktesios Real Estate SOCIMI S.A.', 'Henry Gallego CEO', 'RELEVANT MARKET NOTICE', 'standard market operation', 'Euronext Rule Book', 'KTESIOS SOCIMI', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'order book', 'European Parliament', 'concordant provisions', 'ongoing obligations', '4.000 treasury shares', 'new acquisition', '16.534,00 treasury shares', 'C/ Sagasta', 'Registro Mercantil', 'Sección', 'The Company', 'Madrid', '6 February', 'Article', 'No.', 'Council', '16 April', 'Rules', 'companies', '14,40 euros', 'total', 'stockholding', 'disposal', 'clarification', 'CIF', '7º Izda.', 'Tomo', 'Folio', 'Hoja', 'Email', 'ktesios-socimi', 'Tel']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17814,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230205005028/en/SYNTAGMA-CAPITAL-enters-into-exclusive-negotiations-to-acquire-Nexans%E2%80%99-LANdata-center-%E2%80%9CLANDC%E2%80%9D-and-Telecom-Fibre-%E2%80%9CFTTx%E2%80%9D-division.,SYNTAGMA CAPITAL enters into exclusive negotiations to acquire Nexans’ LAN/data center (“LAN/DC”) and Telecom /Fibre (“FTTx”) division.,BRUSSELS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Syntagma Capital today announces that it has entered into exclusive negotiations with Nexans SA to acquire its LAN/data center (“LAN/DC”) and Telecom /Fibre (“FTTx”) division. The business designs  manufactures  and distributes smar…,BRUSSELS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Syntagma Capital today announces that it has entered into exclusive negotiations with Nexans SA to acquire its LAN/data center (“LAN/DC”) and Telecom /Fibre (“FTTx”) division. The business designs  manufactures  and distributes smart connectivity solutions based on optical fibre and copper technologies to data centers  smart buildings  and telecom operators. The business is headquartered in Paris  France and employs ca. 680 people across its 8 sites located in France  Belgium  Germany  Greece  Morocco and China  and it generated ca. €200m in revenues across 100+ countries.The proposed transaction  which is subject to the fulfillment of customary closing conditions  including the information and consultation of works councils and other regulatory approvals  is expected to be completed by the end of the first half of 2023.“We are pleased to partner with management to continue to grow the business. Providing the backbone for data management is an exciting prospect. Despite a challenging M&A market  we are continuing to find attractive opportunities to invest our capital while providing sellers with divestiture solutions for complex carve outs where speed and certainty are of the essence. This transaction represents our most recent carve out and reflects Syntagma’s strategy to acquire businesses that will benefit from a new owner to drive the next area of growth” said Syntagma Managing Partner Sebastien Kiekert Le Moult.Christopher Guérin  Chief Executive Officer of Nexans declared: “We are pleased that our Telecom Systems colleagues will join a strategic new home with Syntagma Capital to further invest and grow the business. This powerful combination will deliver meaningful opportunities to employees and customers. I would like to thank the teams for the excellent work they have done in the past  and I am confident in their future development.”“Syntagma’s ability to manage complex carve out was critical in differentiating us. The business provides significant opportunities to grow in the coming years” said Syntagma Partner Frank Coenen. “We expect to leverage the company’s extensive technical know-how  global presence and strong customer relationships  to accelerate its growth  both organically and through targeted M&A investments in key product areas and geographies.”Syntagma’s team involved in the transaction included Sebastien Kiekert Le Moult (Managing Partner)  Frank Coenen (Partner)  Benjamin Dahan (Partner)  João Pilecco (Senior Vice President)  and Ludovic Ruffenach (Senior Associate).Willkie Farr & Gallagher provided legal counsel to Syntagma  PwC provided financial  legal  tax  and social advice  Roland Berger provided commercial and strategy support  and ERM advised on ESG and EHS matters.About Syntagma CapitalSyntagma invests in companies that can benefit from hands-on operational expertise to accelerate growth and improve performance for all stakeholders. We are true operators with experience working in and managing companies on a global scale  leveraging our in-house resources to develop successful strategies  execute them to realize their full potential and create sustainable long-term value. Syntagma invests and operates companies in a broad range of industries with a specific focus on the material  chemical  industrial and business services markets and including manufacturing  distribution  transportation and logistics  equipment rental  metals services and other industries. Syntagma  as signatory of the UN PRI  is committed to high ESG standards across all its investments and is based in Brussels  Belgium. For more information  please visit: https://syntagmacapital.comAbout NexansFor more than a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in electrifying the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With almost 25 000 staff in 42 countries  the Group is driving the change towards the new world of electrification: a safer  more sustainable  renewable  carbon-free world  accessible to all. In 2021  Nexans generated €6.1 billion in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacture of cable systems and services in five main areas of activity: Energy Production & Transmission  Distribution  Uses  Industry & Solutions and Telecom & Data. Nexans was the first player in its industry to create a Corporate Foundation to support actions that promote access to energy for disadvantaged populations worldwide. The Group is committed to helping achieve carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on the Euronext Paris stock market  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.17,0.17,True,English,"['Nexans’ LAN/data center', 'SYNTAGMA CAPITAL', 'exclusive negotiations', 'Telecom /Fibre', 'LAN/DC', 'division', 'Sebastien Kiekert Le Moult', 'sustainable, renewable, carbon-free world', 'Euronext Paris stock market', 'challenging M&A market', 'Syntagma Partner Frank Coenen', 'sustainable long-term value', 'customary closing conditions', 'Christopher Guérin', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'extensive technical know-how', 'strong customer relationships', 'key product areas', 'João Pilecco', 'five main areas', 'other regulatory approvals', 'Senior Vice President', 'financial, legal, tax', 'strategic new home', 'M&A investments', 'high ESG standards', 'complex carve outs', 'smart connectivity solutions', 'Telecom Systems colleagues', 'business services markets', 'Syntagma Managing Partner', 'new world', 'a century', 'compartment A.', 'smart buildings', 'Senior Associate', 'legal counsel', 'cable systems', 'recent carve', 'new owner', 'exclusive negotiations', 'LAN/data center', 'Telecom /Fibre', 'optical fibre', 'copper technologies', 'telecom operators', 'works councils', 'first half', 'exciting prospect', 'attractive opportunities', 'divestiture solutions', 'next area', 'powerful combination', 'meaningful opportunities', 'excellent work', 'significant opportunities', 'coming years', 'global presence', 'Benjamin Dahan', 'Ludovic Ruffenach', 'Willkie Farr', 'social advice', 'Roland Berger', 'EHS matters', 'operational expertise', 'true operators', 'global scale', 'house resources', 'successful strategies', 'full potential', 'broad range', 'specific focus', 'equipment rental', 'metals services', 'other industries', 'UN PRI', 'crucial role', 'standard sales', 'first player', 'Corporate Foundation', 'disadvantaged populations', 'carbon neutrality', 'data centers', 'The Group', '100+ countries', 'strategy support', 'Energy Production', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Syntagma Capital', 'future development', 'data management', 'Nexans SA', '42 countries', 'BRUSSELS', 'LAN/DC', 'division', 'France', 'ca.', '680 people', '8 sites', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'Greece', 'Morocco', 'China', 'revenues', 'transaction', 'fulfillment', 'information', 'consultation', 'end', 'backbone', 'sellers', 'speed', 'certainty', 'essence', 'businesses', 'growth', 'employees', 'customers', 'teams', 'past', 'ability', 'company', 'targeted', 'geographies', 'Gallagher', 'PwC', 'commercial', 'companies', 'hands', 'performance', 'stakeholders', 'experience', 'material', 'chemical', 'industrial', 'manufacturing', 'distribution', 'transportation', 'logistics', 'signatory', 'planet', '25,000 staff', 'change', 'electrification', 'leader', 'design', 'manufacture', 'activity', 'Transmission', 'Uses', 'Industry', 'actions', 'access']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,businesswire.com
17815,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EXOR-N-V-142350737/news/Exor-N-V-Periodic-Report-on-the-Buyback-Program-42906331/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230206,Exor N.V.: Periodic Report on the Buyback Program,(marketscreener.com) EXOR N.V. announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022   the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam: Trading DateNumber of ordinary s…,EXOR N.V. (AMS: EXO) (“Exor” or the “Company”) announces that  under the second tranche of the share buyback program of up to €250 million announced on 29 July 2022 (the “second tranche”)  the Company has completed the following transactions on Euronext Amsterdam:Trading Date Number of ordinary shares purchased Average price per share excluding fees (€) Total consideration excluding fees (€) 30 January 2023 31 798 73.2610 2 329 553.28 31 January 2023 35 370 72.7855 2 574 423.14 1 February 2023 34 356 73.3182 2 518 920.08 2 February 2023 14 326 74.4541 1 066 629.44 3 February 2023 12 234 74.9322 916 720.53 TOTAL 128 084 9 406 246.47After these purchases  the total invested amount under the second tranche is approximately €211.5 million for a total amount of 3 085 141 ordinary shares purchased.As of 3 February 2023  the Company held in total 13 873 239 ordinary shares in treasury (5.76% of total ordinary issued share capital).A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the share buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Exor’s corporate website under the Share Buyback section.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Exor N.V.', 'Periodic Report', 'Buyback Program', 'Trading Date Number', 'share buyback program', 'Share Buyback section', 'EXOR N.V.', 'share capital', 'second tranche', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'ordinary shares', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'corporate website', 'Total consideration', 'total ordinary', 'following transactions', 'total amount', 'Company', '29 July', 'fees', '30 January', '1 February', 'purchases', '3 February', 'treasury', 'details', 'Attachment']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17816,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOITEC-4695/news/Soitec-Emmanuelle-Bely-appointed-General-Secretary-42906327/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230206,Soitec : Emmanuelle Bely appointed General Secretary,(marketscreener.com)   Emmanuelle Bely appointed General Secretary    Bernin   6 February 2023 - Soitec   a world leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials  today announced the appointment of Emmanuelle Bely as Executive V…,"Bernin (France)  6 February 2023 - Soitec (Euronext Paris)  a world leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials  today announced the appointment of Emmanuelle Bely as Executive Vice President and General Secretary  effective January 10. In this capacity  she will also serve as a member of the Executive Committee and as Secretary to the Board of Directors.Soitec has entrusted Emmanuelle Bely with the creation of a General Secretariat  to include governance  legal and public affairs. This new General Secretariat is designed to strengthen Soitec's governance  support the implementation of its strategic plan and meet the growing requirements of the company's legal and regulatory environment.Emmanuelle Bely graduated from ESSEC and holds an MBA from the University of Chicago. A member of the Paris and Madrid bars  she began her career as an M&A lawyer for 14 years in France and the United States with French and international law firms. In 2007  she was appointed General Counsel and Human Resources Director of the Smithfield Group in Paris. Following the merger of the Smithfield Group and Campofrio in 2008  she was promoted to Group General Counsel  based in Madrid. Emmanuelle Bely joined Danone in September 2014 in Paris and initially held various positions within the General Secretariat in Europe  including VP General Secretary for Regions  General Counsel for Partnerships  and VP General Secretary for Waters and Africa and the Southern Cone region. A firm believer in the need to reconcile profit with social and environmental impact  Emmanuelle Bely participated in the construction of the PACTE law and in the development of B Corp certification for Danone  which became the first listed company to adopt the status of Mission-Driven Company in France.Emmanuelle Bely has also been a member of the Community of Mission-Driven Companies since its creation in 2018  and is a member of its board of directors.###About SoitecSoitec (Euronext  Tech 40 Paris) is a world leader in designing and manufacturing innovative semiconductor materials. The company uses its unique technologies and semiconductor expertise to serve the electronics markets. With more than 3 500 patents worldwide  Soitec's strategy is based on disruptive innovation to answer its customers' needs for high performance  energy efficiency and cost competitiveness. Soitec has manufacturing facilities  R&D centers and offices in Europe  the U.S. and Asia. Fully committed to sustainable development  Soitec adopted in 2021 its corporate purpose to reflect its engagements: ""We are the innovative soil from which smart and energy efficient electronics grow into amazing and sustainable life experiences.""Soitec  SmartSiCTM and SmartCutTM are registered trademarks of Soitec.For more information  please visit www.soitec.com and follow us on LinkedIn.",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Emmanuelle Bely', 'General Secretary', 'Soitec', 'M&A lawyer', 'Human Resources Director', 'Southern Cone region', 'B Corp certification', 'R&D centers', 'Executive Vice President', 'international law firms', 'sustainable life experiences', 'innovative semiconductor materials', 'energy efficient electronics', 'new General Secretariat', 'first listed company', 'VP General Secretary', 'Group General Counsel', 'semiconductor expertise', 'innovative soil', 'Executive Committee', 'PACTE law', 'electronics markets', 'energy efficiency', 'Smithfield Group', 'world leader', 'Emmanuelle Bely', 'public affairs', 'strategic plan', 'growing requirements', 'regulatory environment', 'United States', 'various positions', 'environmental impact', 'Mission-Driven Companies', 'unique technologies', 'disruptive innovation', ""customers' needs"", 'high performance', 'cost competitiveness', 'manufacturing facilities', 'U.S.', 'sustainable development', 'corporate purpose', 'Mission-Driven Company', 'Madrid bars', 'Euronext Paris', 'Bernin', 'France', 'Soitec', 'appointment', 'capacity', 'member', 'Board', 'Directors', 'creation', 'governance', 'legal', 'implementation', 'ESSEC', 'MBA', 'University', 'Chicago', 'career', '14 years', 'French', 'merger', 'Campofrio', 'Danone', 'September', 'Europe', 'Regions', 'Partnerships', 'Waters', 'Africa', 'profit', 'social', 'construction', 'status', 'Community', 'designing', '3,500 patents', 'strategy', 'offices', 'Asia', 'engagements', 'smart', 'amazing', 'trademarks', 'information', 'LinkedIn']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17817,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/06/2601844/0/en/Vantiva-SA-Information-concerning-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares.html,Vantiva SA - Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares,February 6  2023  Vantiva: Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares  provided pursuant to Article L. 233-8 II of the French......,English FrenchFebruary 6  2023Vantiva: Information concerning the total number of voting rights and shares  provided pursuant to Article L. 233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés FinanciersVantiva Shares(ISIN Code FR0013505062) Date Number of Outstanding Shares Number of Voting Rights January 31  2023355 407 274Number of Theoretical Voting Rights(1): 355 407 274Number of Voting Rights Exercisable at Shareholders’ meeting(2): 355 407 274(1) Calculated  pursuant to Article 223-11 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers  based on the total number of outstanding shares to which voting rights are attached  including shares with suspended voting rights.(2) Excluding shares with suspended voting rights.* **About Vantivawww.vantiva.com – Follow us: @Vantiva – www.linkedin.com/company/vantiva/Vantiva shares are on the Euronext Paris exchange (VANTI) and traded in the USA on the OTCQX marketplace (OTCQX: TCLRY).Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Vantiva SA', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'Information', 'shares', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'Euronext Paris exchange', 'French Commercial Code', 'Theoretical Voting Rights', 'English French', 'ISIN Code', 'General Regulations', 'Shareholders’ meeting', 'OTCQX marketplace', 'Outstanding Shares', 'total number', 'Date Number', 'Article L.', 'Vantiva Shares', 'February', 'Information', 'USA', 'TCLRY', 'Attachment']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,globenewswire.com
17818,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DGB-GROUP-N-V-6434/news/DGB-N-leadership-team-increases-share-ownership-42905984/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230206,DGB N : leadership team increases share ownership,(marketscreener.com)  DGB Group N.V.   a leading carbon project developer and ecosystem restoration company  today announces new purchases of shares by directors of the Group.   The investment in non-listed shares reflects the confidence of the leadership…,"DGB Group N.V. (""DGB""  ""the Group"" or ¨the Company¨) (Euronext: DGB: NL0009169515)  a leading carbon project developer and ecosystem restoration company  today announces new purchases of shares by directors of the Group.The investment in non-listed shares reflects the confidence of the leadership team in DGB's strong potential for growth and its commitment to supporting the company's future success and its purpose. These purchases of non-listed shares directly contribute to the financing of DGB's project pipeline.Chief Executive Officer S.A.M. Duijvestijn now holds 4.65% of total shareholdings (0.44% direct and 4.21% potential);Director of Operations T. Donia now holds 4.47% of total shareholdings (2.41% direct and 2.06% potential);Director of Finance N. van Houdt now holds 0.37% of total shareholdings (0.11% direct and 0.26% potential));Other employees also hold shares and options in the Company  creating a shared vision and motivation to drive success  while also incentivizing and rewarding their contributions to the growth of DGB.""I am excited to be a part of the company's journey to be investing in DGB""said Thomas Donia  Director of Operations at DGB. ""The company has a portfolio of projects that will demonstrate real outcomes  and it has a clear vision for the future. I strongly believe in our ability to drive growth and the fundamental concepts of nature-based solutions.""Selwyn Duijvestijn  CEO of DGB said: ""The purchases of non-listed shares are a testament to DGB's strong performance. We are confident that this investment will help to further solidify the company's position as a leader in the industry and continue to see strong growth for our company and the carbon offsetting industry.""DGB GROUP NVpress@dgb.earth+31108080126 (NL)+442080640936 (EN)DGB is a project developer of high-quality large-scale carbon and biodiversity projects accredited by third parties. The Group is focused on nature conservation and helping biodiversity flourish by assisting governments and corporations in achieving net-zero. Global megatrends drive the demand for carbon credits and underpin the growth opportunities. DGB GROUP NV is a public company traded on the main Dutch stock exchange Euronext Amsterdam under the ticker symbol AEX:DGB and ISIN-code NL0009169515.. www.green.earthThis press release contains no (invitation to make an) offer to buy or sell or otherwise acquire or subscribe for shares in DGB Group NV and is not advice or recommendation as to whether action should be taken. This press release contains statements that may be interpreted as forward-looking statements  inter alia relating to the financial position of the DGB Group  the results achieved  and the company(ies) it operates. Forward-looking statements are all statements that do not relate to historical facts. These statements are based on information currently available and on forecasts and estimates made by the management of the DGB Group. Although the DGB Group believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions  it cannot guarantee that the ultimate results will not differ materially from those statements that can be construed as forward-looking statements. Factors that can lead to  or contribute to  differences in current expectations include developments in legislation  technology  taxation  regulation  fluctuations in stock prices  legal proceedings  regulatory investigations  competitive conditions  and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks  and uncertainties that may affect forward-looking statements or the actual results of DGB Group are discussed in the Annual Report. The forward-looking statements in this document apply only as of the date of this document. Subject to any legal obligation to do so  the DGB Group accepts no obligation or responsibility to update the forward-looking statements contained in this document  whether they relate to new information  future events or otherwise.",neutral,0.27,0.73,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.2,0.39,True,English,"['DGB N', 'leadership team', 'share ownership', 'main Dutch stock exchange Euronext Amsterdam', 'Finance N. van Houdt', 'S.A.M. Duijvestijn', 'leading carbon project developer', 'DGB Group N.V.', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'high-quality large-scale carbon', 'general economic conditions', 'carbon offsetting industry', 'ecosystem restoration company', 'DGB GROUP NV', 'stock prices', 'Selwyn Duijvestijn', 'carbon credits', 'project pipeline', 'competitive conditions', 'The Group', 'leadership team', 'total shareholdings', 'T. Donia', 'Other employees', 'Thomas Donia', 'real outcomes', 'fundamental concepts', 'nature-based solutions', 'strong performance', 'third parties', 'nature conservation', 'Global megatrends', 'ticker symbol', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'reasonable assumptions', 'current expectations', 'legal proceedings', 'regulatory investigations', 'Annual Report', 'AEX:DGB', 'ultimate results', 'actual results', 'future events', 'looking statements', 'listed shares', 'strong potential', 'clear vision', 'financial position', 'other factors', 'legal obligation', 'new information', 'strong growth', 'growth opportunities', 'public company', 'company(ies', 'new purchases', 'future success', 'biodiversity projects', 'DGB.', '4.21% potential', 'directors', 'investment', 'confidence', 'commitment', 'purpose', 'financing', 'Operations', 'options', 'motivation', 'contributions', 'journey', 'portfolio', 'ability', 'CEO', 'testament', 'earth', 'NL', 'governments', 'corporations', 'net', 'zero', 'demand', 'ISIN-code', 'invitation', 'offer', 'advice', 'recommendation', 'action', 'forward', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'management', 'differences', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'taxation', 'regulation', 'fluctuations', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'document', 'date', 'responsibility']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17819,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/06/2602398/0/en/FL-Entertainment-weekly-share-transactions.html,FL Entertainment: weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – February 06th  2023  Share Transactions Disclosure  FL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following...,Press ReleaseParis – February 06th  2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from January 30th to February 03rd  2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on June 30  2022.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-02-02 BUY 108 8.799259 950.32 XAMS 2023-02-02 SELL 30 8.830000 264.90 XAMS 2023-02-03 BUY 29 8.790000 254.91 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://fl-entertainment.com/) under the section «Investor Relations».AgendaFY 2022 results: 16 March 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress RelationsAnne-France Malrieu - afmalrieu@image7.frAbout FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur  FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gambling  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2021  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and adjusted EBITDA  of €3.5bn and €609m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['weekly share transactions', 'FL Entertainment', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Investor Relations', 'FY 2022 results', 'Press Relations', 'Anne-France Malrieu', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'adjusted EBITDA', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', 'February', 'shares', 'January', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', 'June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'section', 'Agenda', '16 March', 'Phone', 'image', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,globenewswire.com
17820,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOCIETE-GENERALE-4702/news/Societe-Generale-Information-regarding-executed-transactions-within-the-framework-of-a-share-buybac-42911531/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230206,Societe Generale: Information regarding executed transactions within the framework of a share buyback program (outside the liquidity agreement),(marketscreener.com) INFORMATION REGARDING EXECUTED TRANSACTIONS WITHIN THE FRAMEWORK OF A SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAM Regulated Information Paris  06th February 2023 No 596/2014 on Market Abuse Regulation and Article 3 of Delegated Regulation 2016/1052 supplementi…,INFORMATION REGARDING EXECUTED TRANSACTIONS WITHIN THE FRAMEWORK OF A SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAM (OUTSIDE THE LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT)Regulated InformationParis  06th February 2023(In accordance with Article 5 of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 on Market Abuse Regulation and Article 3(3) of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052 supplementing Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 through regulatory technical standards concerning the conditions applicable to buyback programs and stabilization measures)Societe Generale launched  on 16 December 2022  an additional share buyback program of 2 707 207 Societe Generale shares in order to cover and honor the free shares allocation for the benefit of employees and Group executive directors.Societe Generale received all necessary authorizations from supervisory authorities. These buybacks will be carried out in compliance with the authorizations provided by the General Meeting of 17th May 2022  in particular regarding the maximum price  as well as in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation. They will be performed on the trading platforms on which Societe Generale shares are listed for trading or are traded  including the regulated market of Euronext Paris.The liquidity contract concluded with Rothschild has also temporarily been suspended throughout the buyback period.Issuer name: Societe Generale - LEI O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41Reference of the financial instrument: ISIN FR0000130809Period: From 30 January to 03 February 2023Purchases performed by Societe Generale during the periodAggregated presentation by day and marketIssuer name Issuer code (LEI) Transaction date ISIN Code Daily total volume (in number of shares) Daily weighted average price of shares acquired Platform SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 30/01/2023 FR0000130809 16 500 26 5769 XPAR SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 31/01/2023 FR0000130809 35 000 27 1132 XPAR SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 01/02/2023 FR0000130809 57 750 27 4121 XPAR SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 02/02/2023 FR0000130809 57 000 27 5296 XPAR SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41 03/02/2023 FR0000130809 59 000 27 5881 XPAR TOTAL 225 250 27 3803Detailed presentation by transactionThe detailed presentation by transaction is available within the Chapter 6 Description of the buyback programs  reports on share buyback and statements on the liquidity agreement:Regulated Information - Société Générale (societegenerale.com)Press contact:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.comSociete GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world’s societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 117 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 25 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking with the SG bank  resulting from the merger of the two Societe Generale and Crédit du Nord networks  and Boursorama. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services  with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;with networks in Africa  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets; Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale’s newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document’s legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website societegenerale.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.45,0.54,True,English,"['share buyback program', 'Societe Generale', 'liquidity agreement', 'Information', 'transactions', 'framework', 'Société Générale', 'Crédit du Nord networks', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'leading European financial services groups', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'three complementary core businesses', 'Daily weighted average price', 'Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'Platform SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41', 'additional share buyback program', 'Issuer name Issuer code', 'XPAR SOCIETE GENERALE O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'regulatory technical standards', 'key international locations', 'French Retail Banking', 'International Retail Banking', 'Daily total volume', 'two Societe Generale', 'official Press Releases', 'integrated banking model', 'innovative financial solutions', 'tailored financial solutions', 'free shares allocation', 'Group executive directors', '25 million individual clients', '2,707,207 Societe Generale shares', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'XPAR TOTAL', 'Inclusion Index', 'LEI O2RNE8IBXP4R0TD8PU41', 'Global Banking', 'maximum price', 'daily basis', 'integrated solutions', 'advisory services', 'financial instrument', 'financial strength', 'buyback programs', 'ISIN Code', 'Investor Solutions', 'Press contact', 'specialised businesses', 'Delegated Regulation', '52 supplementing Regulation', 'EXECUTED TRANSACTIONS', 'LIQUIDITY AGREEMENT', 'stabilization measures', 'supervisory authorities', 'General Meeting', '17th May', 'liquidity contract', 'proven expertise', 'sustainable growth', 'positive transformations', 'sustainable future', 'real economy', 'solid position', 'institutional investors', 'wide range', 'SG bank', 'full range', 'omnichannel products', 'cutting edge', 'recognised expertise', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'newsroom page', 'blockchain technology', 'web page', 'buyback period', 'Detailed presentation', 'Regulated Information', '06th February', 'necessary authorizations', 'trading platforms', 'Euronext Paris', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'digital innovation', 'Transaction date', 'The Group', 'Eastern Europe', '03 February', 'FRAMEWORK', 'accordance', 'Article', 'conditions', '16 December', 'order', 'benefit', 'employees', 'buybacks', 'compliance', 'Rothschild', 'Reference', '30 January', 'Purchases', 'day', 'number', 'Chapter', 'Description', 'reports', 'statements', 'socgen', 'diversified', 'strategy', 'world', 'societies', 'economies', 'teams', '150 years', 'rest', '117,000 members', 'staff', '66 countries', 'merger', 'Boursorama', 'Insurance', 'Africa', 'Central', 'markets', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity', 'link', 'document', 'legitimacy', 'Twitter', 'societegenerale', 'website', 'Attachment']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17821,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/APTORUM-GROUP-LIMITED-49518117/news/Aptorum-Group-Limited-to-Hold-Special-Extraordinary-Meeting-of-Shareholders-on-February-21-2023-42910586/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230206,Aptorum Group Limited to Hold Special Extraordinary Meeting of Shareholders on February 21  2023,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:Aptorum Group Limited   a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to meeting unmet medical needs in oncology  autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases  today announced that it will hold a special extraordi…,Regulatory News:Aptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) (“Aptorum Group” or “Aptorum”)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to meeting unmet medical needs in oncology  autoimmune diseases and infectious diseases  today announced that it will hold a special extraordinary meeting of shareholders at the London office 4T.07  17 Hanover Square  Mayfair London  England W1S 1BN at 10:00 a.m. London Time on February 21  2023 (5:00 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on February 21  2023 / 10:00 a.m. Greenwich Mean Time on February 21  2023 / 11:00 a.m. Central European Time on February 21  2023).The proposals to be submitted for shareholders’ approval at the special extraordinary meeting are to consider and vote on the resolutions for a merger of the Company with a newly established wholly owned subsidiary whereby the Company would be the surviving company in order to change the par value of the Company shares from USD10 to USD0.00001  and certain amendments of the Company’s Second Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. Details related to each of the two proposals are available on a Form 6-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 6  2023.About Aptorum GroupAptorum Group Limited (Nasdaq: APM  Euronext Paris: APM) is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the discovery  development and commercialization of therapeutic assets to treat diseases with unmet medical needs  particularly in oncology (including orphan oncology indications)  autoimmune and infectious diseases. Aptorum has completed two phase I clinical trials for its ALS-4 (MRSA) and orphan drug designated SACT-1 (Neuroblastoma) small molecule drugs and commercializing its NLS-2 NativusWell® nutraceutical (menopause). The pipeline of Aptorum is also enriched through (i) the establishment of drug discovery platforms that enable the discovery of new therapeutics assets through  e.g. systematic screening of existing approved drug molecules  and microbiome-based research platform for treatments of metabolic diseases; and (ii) the co-development and ongoing clinical validation of its novel molecular-based rapid pathogen identification and detection diagnostics technology with Singapore’s Agency for Science  Technology and Research.For more information about the Company  please visit www.aptorumgroup.com.Disclaimer and Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to buy any securities of Aptorum Group.This press release includes statements concerning Aptorum Group Limited and its future expectations  plans and prospects that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For this purpose  any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may ” “should ” “expects ” “plans ” “anticipates ” “could ” “intends ” “target ” “projects ” “contemplates ” “believes ” “estimates ” “predicts ” “potential ” or “continue ” or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Aptorum Group has based these forward-looking statements  which include statements regarding projected timelines for application submissions and trials  largely on its current expectations and projections about future events and trends that it believes may affect its business  financial condition and results of operations. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions including  without limitation  risks related to its announced management and organizational changes  the continued service and availability of key personnel  its ability to expand its product assortments by offering additional products for additional consumer segments  development results  the company’s anticipated growth strategies  anticipated trends and challenges in its business  and its expectations regarding  and the stability of  its supply chain  and the risks more fully described in Aptorum Group’s Form 20-F and other filings that Aptorum Group may make with the SEC in the future  as well as the prospectus that received the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers visa n°20-352 on 16 July 2020.As a result  the projections included in such forward-looking statements are subject to change and actual results may differ materially from those described herein. Aptorum Group assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.This announcement is not a prospectus within the meaning of the Regulation (EU) n°2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 as amended by Regulations Delegated (EU) n°2019/980 of 14 March 2019 and n°2019/979 of 14 March 2019.This press release is provided “as is” without any representation or warranty of any kind.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230206005207/en/,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.29,0.7,True,English,"['Aptorum Group Limited', 'Special Extraordinary Meeting', 'Shareholders', 'February', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers visa', 'novel molecular-based rapid pathogen identification', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'two phase I clinical trials', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'U.S. Securities', 'ongoing clinical validation', 'unmet medical needs', 'special extraordinary meeting', 'small molecule drugs', 'NLS-2 NativusWell® nutraceutical', 'View source version', 'Eastern Standard Time', 'Greenwich Mean Time', 'Central European Time', 'other similar expressions', 'additional consumer segments', 'new therapeutics assets', 'microbiome-based research platform', 'detection diagnostics technology', 'Aptorum Group Limited', 'orphan oncology indications', 'drug discovery platforms', 'two proposals', 'orphan drug', 'therapeutic assets', 'additional products', 'other filings', 'drug molecules', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', '17 Hanover Square', 'W1S 1BN', 'par value', 'Second Amended', 'Form 6-K', 'Exchange Commission', 'systematic screening', 'press release', 'historical fact', 'application submissions', 'financial condition', 'organizational changes', 'continued service', 'key personnel', 'product assortments', 'growth strategies', 'supply chain', 'Form 20-F', 'new information', 'surviving company', 'Company shares', 'infectious diseases', 'metabolic diseases', 'future events', 'London office', 'Mayfair London', 'current expectations', 'actual results', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'shareholders’ approval', 'future expectations', 'autoimmune diseases', 'development results', '14 March', 'Nasdaq', 'APM', 'England', '10:00 a', 'February', '11:00 a', 'resolutions', 'merger', 'subsidiary', 'order', 'amendments', 'Memorandum', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Details', 'commercialization', 'ALS-4', 'MRSA', 'Neuroblastoma', 'menopause', 'pipeline', 'establishment', 'existing', 'treatments', 'Singapore', 'Agency', 'Science', 'aptorumgroup', 'Disclaimer', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'plans', 'prospects', 'meaning', 'purpose', 'cases', 'terms', 'expects', 'anticipates', 'target', 'projects', 'contemplates', 'predicts', 'timelines', 'projections', 'trends', 'business', 'operations', 'date', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'limitation', 'management', 'availability', 'challenges', 'stability', 'prospectus', '16 July', 'obligation', 'announcement', 'Regulation', '14 June', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', '5:00']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17822,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/06/2601763/0/en/VEON-announces-ratio-change-under-its-American-Depositary-Receipt-ADR-program.html,VEON announces ratio change under its American Depositary Receipt (“ADR”) program,VEON announces ratio change under its American Depositary Receipt (“ADR”) program  Amsterdam  Netherlands  6 February 2023 07:00 CET: VEON Ltd....,VEON announces ratio change under its American Depositary Receipt (“ADR”) programAmsterdam  Netherlands  6 February 2023 07:00 CET: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) (“VEON” or the “Company”)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announced today that its Board of Directors (the “Board”) has approved a change of ratio in the Company’s ADR program  comprising a change in the ratio of American Depositary Shares (the “ADSs”) to VEON common shares (the “Shares”) from one (1) ADS representing one (1) Share  to one (1) ADS representing twenty-five (25) Shares (the “Ratio Change”). The effective date of the Ratio Change (the “Effective Date”) is expected to be 6 March 2023.Pursuant to the Ratio Change  as of the Effective Date  record holders who directly hold ADRs will be required to exchange their existing ADRs for new ADRs on the basis of one (1) new ADR for every twenty-five (25) existing ADRs surrendered. The Depositary will contact ADR holders and arrange for the exchange of their existing ADRs for new ADRs. ADS beneficial holders who hold through an ADR holder intermediary need not take any action in connection with the Ratio Change.For ADS holders  the Ratio Change will have the same effect as a one for twenty five reverse ADS split. No new Shares will be issued in connection with the Ratio Change and the ADSs will continue to be traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “VEON.”As a result of the Ratio Change  the trading price of the Company’s ADSs is expected to automatically increase proportionally  but the Company can give no assurance that the ADS trading price following the Ratio Change will be at least equal to the ADS trading price before the Ratio Change multiplied by the new 25:1 ratio. As VEON announced previously on 5 October 2022  the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Market granted VEON an additional grace period through 3 April 2023 to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq’s Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the “Minimum Bid Price”). While the Ratio Change is intended to bring the bid price of the Company’s ADSs into compliance with the Minimum Bid Price  the Company can give no assurance that the Ratio Change will be effective in achieving this goal.VEON Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu commented: “We believe the Ratio Change is in the best interest of all our stakeholders  as it will allow us to ensure VEON’s continued Nasdaq listing and provide a pathway toward increasing VEON’s visibility on Nasdaq.”About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .Important NoticeThis release is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute a prospectus or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction  nor shall there be any offer of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under applicable securities laws.This press release is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.This communication or information contained herein is not an offer  or an invitation to make offers  to sell  exchange or otherwise transfer securities in the Russian Federation to or for the benefit of any Russian person or entity and does not constitute an advertisement or offering of securities in the Russian Federation within the meaning of Russian securities laws.Elements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  expectations regarding the Ratio Change and the benefits of the Ratio Change  including compliance with the Minimum Bid Price. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws and except as set forth above  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.23,0.68,True,English,"['American Depositary Receipt', 'ratio change', 'VEON', 'ADR', 'program', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'five reverse ADS split', 'minimum bid price requirement', 'The Nasdaq Capital Market', 'applicable securities laws', 'global digital operator', 'additional grace period', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'American Depositary Receipt', 'Russian securities laws', 'Listing Qualifications Department', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'ADR holder intermediary', 'The Nasdaq Market', 'ADS trading price', 'American Depositary Shares', 'ADS beneficial holders', 'VEON Group CEO', 'twenty-five (25) existing ADRs', 'one (1) new ADR', 'VEON common shares', 'The Depositary', 'one (1) ADS', 'ADS holders', 'twenty-five (25) Shares', 'ADR holders', 'new Shares', 'one (1) Share', 'Listing Rule', 'record holders', 'Russian Federation', 'Russian person', 'new ADRs', 'Nasdaq listing', 'new 25:1 ratio', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'same effect', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'best interest', '200 million customers', 'economic growth', 'Important Notice', 'United States', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'looking statement', 'ratio change', 'ADR program', 'effective date', 'informational purposes', 'other jurisdiction', 'unanticipated events', 'press release', 'inside information', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', 'Netherlands', '00 CET', 'Company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'ADSs', 'basis', 'action', 'connection', 'symbol', 'result', 'assurance', '5 October', '3 April', 'compliance', 'goal', 'stakeholders', 'continued', 'pathway', 'visibility', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'prospectus', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'registration', 'communication', 'invitation', 'benefit', 'entity', 'advertisement', 'meaning', 'Elements', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'expectations', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'forward', 'circumstances', '07']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,globenewswire.com
17823,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SES-IMAGOTAG-5151/news/Ses-imagotag-Captana-finalizes-an-agreement-for-the-acquisition-of-Belive-ai-42906103/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230206,Ses-imagotag :  Captana finalizes an agreement for the acquisition of Belive.ai,(marketscreener.com)  Captana finalizes an agreement for the acquisition of Belive.aiThe SES-imagotag subsidiary  specialized in artificial intelligence  has entered into an agreement to acquire a majority stake in the company Belive.aiCaptana GmbH  a who…,"Captana finalizes an agreement for the acquisition of Belive.aiThe SES-imagotag subsidiary  specialized in artificial intelligence  has entered into an agreement to acquire a majority stake in the company Belive.aiCaptana GmbH  a wholly-owned subsidiary of SES-imagotag (Euronext: SESL  FR0010282822)  today announced that it has finalized an agreement for the acquisition of a majority equity stake in the company Belive.ai  a French start-up specializing in artificial intelligence and computer vision for physical retail.Founded in 2019 by Aurélien Escartin and David Borakovic  who lead the company  Belive.ai has developed an artificial intelligence and computer vision platform  enabling retailers to manage their store fleets in real time and in particular: on-shelf availability  checkout lines  compliance with planograms  etc. The solutions provided by Belive.ai simplify daily tasks for in-store associates thanks to a technology that is competitive and adaptable to all types of stores and shelves; data are available in real time to stores  warehouses  and to retail company corporate headquarters.Through this acquisition  Captana seeks to build out its technological offer in order to provide a broader choice of solutions and better coverage for the full range of retailers' needs  both in terms of use cases and in terms of pre-existing digital infrastructure. The synergies that exist between the solutions offered by Captana and Belive.ai will also enable the choice between the best of the two technologies and accelerate innovation to drive store digitalization.Together  Captana and Belive.ai become the global leader of this high-growth market  present in Europe  North America and Asia  with several dozen clients in pilot-phase or in deployment.The finalization of this transaction is subject to its meeting the customary required conditions and procedures.Aurélien Escartin  CEO and co-founder of Belive.ai commented: “David and I have great ambitions for the store of tomorrow. When the opportunity arose to join Captana's team  we seized it with pleasure for our employees and with enthusiasm for our clients. As we discussed the possibility of joining forces with Michael and Thomas (co-founders of Captana)  we increasingly realized the obvious: with a common vision  the synergies to be seized will amplify the current – or future -- digital transformation  and will increase the operational performance of our staff with an unmatched level of execution for our clients. As Belive.ai joins Captana  it is the retail sector that is taken to the next level.”Michael Unmüssig  CEO of Captana GmbH concluded: “We are delighted to welcome Belive.ai's staff members and the company's founders  Aurélien and David  to Captana. Artificial intelligence and store shelf computer vision in real-time constitute a very promising technological base for improving the operating efficiency of retail and reduce in-store waste. As we develop across many markets  initial feedback from our customers indicates that significant improvements are being made in terms of on-shelf availability  sales  client satisfaction  employee efficiency  and the quality of data on in-store inventory in the information systems. With Belive.ai  we wish to accelerate the development of our artificial intelligence platform and computer vision for retail in order to drive our growth and offer the best technology to our clients.”About SES-imagotag and the VUSION Retail IoT platformSES-imagotag is a world leader in smart digital labels and IoT solutions for physical retail  serving over 350 large retailer groups around the world in Europe  Asia and North America.SES-imagotag has developed the VUSION Retail IOT technology platform to help retailers transform their physical stores into high value digital assets  more automated  data-driven  and connected in real-time to suppliers and consumers. VUSION improves the agility  precision and accuracy of prices  whilst ensuring the omnichannel synchronization of prices  product information and marketing campaigns. The platform developed by SES-imagotag also optimizes in-store order preparation and restocking.VUSION improves employee satisfaction by freeing up time from cumbersome low value-added tasks and allowing them to focus on customer service and merchandizing tasks. VUSION connects shelves to the Cloud  providing real-time accurate information on product availability and location  allowing for reduced inventory  out-of-stock  and waste  as well as improved on-shelf availability and merchandizing compliance. VUSION empowers consumers with better product  nutritional and traceability information at the shelf and enables a frictionless in-store shopping experience with features such as product search  pathfinding and cashier-less scan & pay features.SES-imagotag supports the United Nations' Global Compact initiative and has received in 2022 the Platinum Sustainability Rating from EcoVadis  the world's reference of business sustainability ratings.SES-imagotag is listed in compartment A of the Euronext™ Paris exchangeTicker symbol: SESL – ISIN code: FR0010282822 – Reuters: SESL.PA – Bloomberg: SESwww.ses-imagotag.comInvestor Relations contact:Labrador - Raquel Lizarraga / +33 (0)6 46 71 55 20 / raquel.lizarraga.ext@ses-imagotag.comThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mZybaZxnZGeYxp9tZ5lnZpKWnG+TxmaYbWPHx2pqY5eWmGpjym6WZpiWZnBpmWVt- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- Operations of the issuer (acquisitions  salesÃ¢ÂÂ¦) Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78407-ses-imagotag_pr_belive_eng_final_lor.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.92,0.05,0.02,True,English,"['Belive.ai', 'imagotag', 'Captana', 'agreement', 'acquisition', ""United Nations' Global Compact initiative"", 'high value digital assets', 'cumbersome low value-added tasks', 'VUSION Retail IOT technology platform', 'retail company corporate headquarters', 'VUSION Retail IoT platform', 'store shelf computer vision', 'existing digital infrastructure', 'customary required conditions', 'smart digital labels', '350 large retailer groups', 'Platinum Sustainability Rating', 'business sustainability ratings', 'computer vision platform', 'promising technological base', 'Aurélien Escartin', 'store shopping experience', 'majority equity stake', 'Michael Unmüssig', 'Euronext™ Paris exchange', 'artificial intelligence platform', 'several dozen clients', 'real-time accurate information', 'store order preparation', 'The SES-imagotag subsidiary', 'global leader', 'majority stake', 'digital transformation', 'IoT solutions', 'daily tasks', 'best technology', 'merchandizing tasks', 'physical retail', 'retail sector', 'common vision', 'owned subsidiary', 'technological offer', 'information systems', 'product information', 'traceability information', 'shelf availability', 'Belive.ai', 'French start-up', 'checkout lines', 'full range', 'use cases', 'two technologies', 'high-growth market', 'North America', 'great ambitions', 'operational performance', 'unmatched level', 'next level', 'operating efficiency', 'many markets', 'initial feedback', 'significant improvements', 'client satisfaction', 'employee efficiency', 'omnichannel synchronization', 'marketing campaigns', 'employee satisfaction', 'customer service', 'product availability', 'product search', 'cashier-less scan', 'compartment A', 'real time', 'store waste', 'store inventory', 'broader choice', 'staff members', 'pay features', 'David Borakovic', ""retailers' needs"", 'world leader', 'physical stores', 'Captana GmbH', 'agreement', 'acquisition', 'SESL', 'fleets', 'compliance', 'planograms', 'associates', 'types', 'shelves', 'data', 'warehouses', 'coverage', 'terms', 'synergies', 'innovation', 'digitalization', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'pilot-phase', 'deployment', 'finalization', 'transaction', 'meeting', 'procedures', 'CEO', 'founder', 'tomorrow', 'opportunity', 'team', 'pleasure', 'employees', 'enthusiasm', 'possibility', 'forces', 'Thomas', 'current', 'future', 'execution', 'customers', 'sales', 'quality', 'development', 'driven', 'suppliers', 'consumers', 'agility', 'precision', 'accuracy', 'prices', 'restocking', 'Cloud', 'location', 'reduced', 'nutritional', 'frictionless', 'pathfinding', 'EcoVadis', 'reference', '2022']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17824,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/06/2601777/0/en/Delta-Drone-and-Sichuan-AEE-Aviation-Technology-sign-Exclusive-Distribution-Agreement.html,Delta Drone and Sichuan AEE Aviation Technology sign Exclusive Distribution Agreement,Delta Drone and Sichuan AEE Aviation Technology sign Exclusive Distribution Agreement  Dardilly  6 February 2023 – 8 am  Delta Drone and Sichuan AEE......,French EnglishDelta Drone and Sichuan AEE Aviation Technologysign Exclusive Distribution AgreementDardilly  6 February 2023 – 8 amDelta Drone and Sichuan AEE Aviation Technology CO.  LTD are pleased to announce the signing of a highly strategic agreement for the exclusive distribution of AEE products and systems in Europe and a large part of West Africa. This agreement also provides that the safety systems designed by Delta Drone can be made reliable and industrialized by AEE  while integrating the software part developed by Delta Drone.Sichuan AEE Aviation Technology CO.  LTD is a global leader in the drone industryFounded more than 20 years ago  the Chinese group Sichuan AEE Aviation Technology  headquartered in Shenzhen  is one of the world leaders in the drone sector  with more than 600 patents filed and 6 R&D centers  particularly in China.After having developed considerably on its national territory  particularly in the security and risk prevention market  the group undertook a strong new phase of internationalization.Today  the group wants to amplify its geographical expansion in Europe and Africa  identifying Delta Drone as the best partner to achieve its objectives.Delta Drone capitalizes on its international experience in the drone sectorFor 12 years  the Delta Drone group has been a pioneer in the sector  one of the very few French groups to implement a resolutely international strategy that has led it successively to the United States  Africa and Australia. This unique experience has enriched its analysis of the civil drone sector for professional use  both in terms of the really active competition and the technological state of the sector and the need to offer customers complete solutions specifically adapted to their business needs.About Delta Drone : The Delta Drone Group is a recognized international player in the sector of civil drones for professional use. It develops a range of professional solutions based on drone technology as well as all associated services that form a complete value chain.Delta Drone shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris – ISIN code: FR0014009LP0www.deltadrone.comInvestor contacts:Jerome Gacoin +33 1 75 77 54 65 jgacoin@aelium.frAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Sichuan AEE Aviation Technology', 'Exclusive Distribution Agreement', 'Delta Drone', 'Sichuan AEE Aviation Technology CO', 'The Delta Drone Group', '6 R&D centers', 'risk prevention market', 'strong new phase', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'complete value chain', 'Delta Drone shares', 'Exclusive Distribution Agreement', 'civil drone sector', 'drone technology', 'AEE products', 'complete solutions', 'civil drones', 'drone industry', 'Chinese group', 'French English', 'strategic agreement', 'large part', 'software part', 'global leader', 'world leaders', 'national territory', 'geographical expansion', 'best partner', 'international experience', 'French groups', 'international strategy', 'United States', 'unique experience', 'professional use', 'active competition', 'technological state', 'business needs', 'international player', 'professional solutions', 'associated services', 'ISIN code', 'Investor contacts', 'Jerome Gacoin', 'safety systems', 'West Africa', 'Dardilly', '6 February', 'LTD', 'signing', 'Europe', 'Shenzhen', '600 patents', 'China', 'security', 'internationalization', 'objectives', '12 years', 'pioneer', 'Australia', 'analysis', 'terms', 'customers', 'range', 'Attachment', '8']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,globenewswire.com
17825,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DELTA-DRONE-50918625/news/Delta-Drone-and-Sichuan-AEE-Aviation-Technology-sign-Exclusive-Distribution-Agreement-42906207/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230206,Delta Drone and Sichuan AEE Aviation Technology sign Exclusive Distribution Agreement,(marketscreener.com) Delta Drone and Sichuan AEE Aviation Technology sign Exclusive Distribution Agreement Dardilly  6 February 2023 – 8 am Delta Drone and Sichuan AEE Aviation Technology CO.  LTD are pleased to announce the signing of a highly strategic agre…,Delta Drone and Sichuan AEE Aviation Technologysign Exclusive Distribution AgreementDardilly  6 February 2023 – 8 amDelta Drone and Sichuan AEE Aviation Technology CO.  LTD are pleased to announce the signing of a highly strategic agreement for the exclusive distribution of AEE products and systems in Europe and a large part of West Africa. This agreement also provides that the safety systems designed by Delta Drone can be made reliable and industrialized by AEE  while integrating the software part developed by Delta Drone.Sichuan AEE Aviation Technology CO.  LTD is a global leader in the drone industryFounded more than 20 years ago  the Chinese group Sichuan AEE Aviation Technology  headquartered in Shenzhen  is one of the world leaders in the drone sector  with more than 600 patents filed and 6 R&D centers  particularly in China.After having developed considerably on its national territory  particularly in the security and risk prevention market  the group undertook a strong new phase of internationalization.Today  the group wants to amplify its geographical expansion in Europe and Africa  identifying Delta Drone as the best partner to achieve its objectives.Delta Drone capitalizes on its international experience in the drone sectorFor 12 years  the Delta Drone group has been a pioneer in the sector  one of the very few French groups to implement a resolutely international strategy that has led it successively to the United States  Africa and Australia. This unique experience has enriched its analysis of the civil drone sector for professional use  both in terms of the really active competition and the technological state of the sector and the need to offer customers complete solutions specifically adapted to their business needs.About Delta Drone : The Delta Drone Group is a recognized international player in the sector of civil drones for professional use. It develops a range of professional solutions based on drone technology as well as all associated services that form a complete value chain.Delta Drone shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris – ISIN code: FR0014009LP0www.deltadrone.comInvestor contacts:Jerome Gacoin +33 1 75 77 54 65 jgacoin@aelium.frAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Sichuan AEE Aviation Technology', 'Exclusive Distribution Agreement', 'Delta Drone', 'Sichuan AEE Aviation Technology CO.', 'The Delta Drone Group', '6 R&D centers', 'risk prevention market', 'strong new phase', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'complete value chain', 'Delta Drone shares', 'Exclusive Distribution Agreement', 'civil drone sector', 'drone technology', 'AEE products', 'complete solutions', 'civil drones', 'drone industry', 'Chinese group', 'strategic agreement', 'large part', 'software part', 'global leader', 'world leaders', 'national territory', 'geographical expansion', 'best partner', 'international experience', 'French groups', 'international strategy', 'United States', 'unique experience', 'professional use', 'active competition', 'technological state', 'business needs', 'international player', 'professional solutions', 'associated services', 'ISIN code', 'Investor contacts', 'Jerome Gacoin', 'safety systems', 'West Africa', 'Dardilly', '6 February', 'LTD', 'signing', 'Europe', 'Shenzhen', '600 patents', 'China', 'security', 'internationalization', 'objectives', '12 years', 'pioneer', 'Australia', 'analysis', 'terms', 'customers', 'range', 'Attachment', '8']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17826,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOSTRAVEL-COM-S-P-A-45130316/news/Sostravel-com-communication-of-change-in-share-capital-42911390/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230206,Sostravel.com: communication of change in share capital,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   Sostravel: communication of change in share capital   Milan  February 6th 2023 - SosTravel.com S.p.A.   digital travel service company  developing and offering travel services to travelers    communicates the new…,"PRESS RELEASESostravel: communication of change in share capitalMilan  February 6th 2023 - SosTravel.com S.p.A. (Euronext Growth Milan  ticker: SOS)  digital travel service company  developing and offering travel services to travelers  (""SosTravel"" or the ""Company"")  communicates the new composition of the share capital following the filing with the Register of Varese companies of the certification of the capital increase pursuant to art. 2444  paragraph 1  of the Italian Civil Code civ.  performed today following the exercise of the Sostravel Warrants 2021-2024 - ISIN IT0005446718 - (hereinafter also the ""Sostravel Warrant"") until 31 January 2023.Compared to what was communicated on 3 February 2023  the deposit was made today for organizational reasons.Capitale sociale attuale Capitale sociale precedente Euro n. Azioni Valore Euro n. Azioni Valore nominale nominale Totale di 1.308.842 00 13.088.420 s.v.n. 1.308.833 80 13.088.338 s.v.n. cui: Azioni ordinarie (godimento regolare: 1.308.842 00 13.088.420 s.v.n. 1.308.833 80 13.088.338 s.v.n. 1/1/22) numero cedola in corso: 2 N. titoli esercitati N. titoli residui in circolazione Warrant Sostravel 2021-2024 82 21.806.998As a result of the aforementioned changes in the share capital of Sostravel  the shareholding structure of the company is made up as follows:",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['share capital', 'Sostravel', 'communication', 'change', 'Italian Civil Code civ.', 'Capitale sociale precedente Euro', 'digital travel service company', 'S.p.A.', 'Valore nominale nominale', 'Azioni Valore Euro', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'N. titoli residui', 'travel services', '2 N. titoli', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'share capital', 'new composition', 'Varese companies', 'capital increase', 'organizational reasons', 'Azioni ordinarie', 'numero cedola', 'shareholding structure', 'Sostravel Warrants', 'Warrant Sostravel', 'communication', 'change', 'February', 'ticker', 'travelers', 'filing', 'Register', 'certification', 'art.', 'paragraph', 'exercise', 'ISIN', '31 January', 'deposit', 'godimento', 'corso', 'circolazione', 'result']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17827,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FERRARI-N-V-25600249/news/FERRARI-N-V-PERIODIC-REPORT-ON-THE-BUYBACK-PROGRAM-42910729/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230206,FERRARI N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM,(marketscreener.com) Maranello   February 6  2023 – Ferrari N.V. informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approxima…,Maranello (Italy)  February 6  2023 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Second Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) as follows:TradingDate(dd/mm/yyyy)Stock ExchangeNumber of common shares purchasedAverage price per shareexcluding fees(€)Consideration excluding fees(€)01/02/2023 EXM 4 830 229.1722 1 106 901.73 02/02/2023 EXM 4 660 237.3868 1 106 222.49 03/02/2023 EXM 4 600 240.7963 1 107 662.98Total- 14 090 235.6840 3 320 787.19(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Second Tranche till February 3  2023  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 51 487 936.53 for No. 240 173 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 8 757 853.08 (Euro 8 271 632.62*) for No. 40 049 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of February 3  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 12 107 851 common shares equal to 4.71% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since July 1  2022 until February 3  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 1 053 959 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 210 485 248.86.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['FERRARI N.V.', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'THE', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', '200 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'Ferrari N.V.', 'No. 240,173 common shares', 'No. 40,049 common shares', 'share capital', 'Stock Exchange', '12,107,851 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'second tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'Trading Date', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'Maranello', 'Italy', 'February', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'December', 'line', 'disclosure', 'Number', 'fees', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'July', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'Cover', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment', '1,05', '59']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17828,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/OCI-N-V-14111730/news/OCI-N-Selects-Linde-as-Partner-to-Supply-Clean-Hydrogen-to-s-World-Scale-Blue-Ammonia-Project-in-42908377/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230206,OCI N : Selects Linde as Partner to Supply Clean Hydrogen to 's World-Scale Blue Ammonia Project in the U.S. Gulf Coast,(marketscreener.com)   OCI Selects Linde as Partner to Supply Clean Hydrogen to OCI's World-Scale Blue Ammonia Project in the U.S. Gulf Coast      06 Feb 2023 12:02 CET    Subscribe     Issuer   OCI N.V.      ...https://www.marketscr…,"OCI Selects Linde as Partner to Supply Clean Hydrogen to OCI's World-Scale Blue Ammonia Project in the U.S. Gulf CoastLinde to supply clean hydrogen and nitrogen feedstocks to the new facility under a long-term agreementProject is largest blue ammonia facility of its kind in Texas  enabling the capture and sequestration of up to 1.7 million metric tons per year of CO 2Construction has started and the project is on track to start production in 2025OCI N.V. (Euronext: OCI) and Linde plc (NYSE: LIN; FWB: LIN)  a leading global industrial gases and engineering company  today announced a partnership where Linde will supply clean hydrogen and nitrogen to OCI's new blue ammonia facility under development in Beaumont  Texas under a long-term agreement.Linde will build  own and operate an on-site complex which will include autothermal reforming with carbon capture  plus a large air separation plant. The new complex will be integrated into Linde's extensive Gulf Coast industrial gas infrastructure. It will supply clean hydrogen and nitrogen to OCI's 1.1 million ton per annum blue ammonia plant  the first greenfield blue ammonia facility of this scale to come onstream in the United States.Linde will supply OCI with clean hydrogen  by sequestering more than 1.7 million metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions each year. OCI will upgrade the hydrogen to produce blue ammonia  which allows OCI to materially reduce the carbon footprint of its downstream customers along the value chain across a wide range of industries.Linde's total investment will be approximately $1.8 billion  and OCI's total investment cost is expected to be below $1 billion  including spending on upsized utilities and available land to allow for doubling to 2.2 mtpa capacity in the future. The project is expected to start up in 2025.""The Beaumont facility will allow us to build and strengthen our world-leading blue ammonia and clean fuels platform  supplying both the U.S. and export market with blue ammonia  an ideal solution to decarbonize hard-to-abate sectors such as agriculture  power and marine fuels at a competitive cost "" said Ahmed El-Hoshy  Chief Executive Officer of OCI N.V. ""Linde's expertise in managing large-scale and complex engineering projects  and safely and reliably delivering industrial gases  made it a solid choice as a partner for this project.""""Linde's capabilities are already enabling the transition to a low carbon intensity economy "" said Sanjiv Lamba  Chief Executive Officer  Linde. ""Our strategy is to support decarbonization by working with off-takers  like OCI  to safely and reliably supply low-carbon industrial gases at scale. With Linde's track record in successfully executing complex projects  its extensive pipeline network  and support from the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act  the company is well positioned to secure many more clean energy projects.""oci-selects-linde-partner-supply-clean-hydrogen-ocis-blue-ammonia-project-texas-vf.pdf",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.72,0.28,0.0,True,English,"['World-Scale Blue Ammonia Project', 'U.S. Gulf Coast', 'OCI N', 'Clean Hydrogen', 'Linde', 'Partner', 'extensive Gulf Coast industrial gas infrastructure', 'U.S. Inflation Reduction Act', 'first greenfield blue ammonia facility', 'U.S. Gulf Coast', 'large air separation plant', 'leading global industrial gases', 'low carbon intensity economy', 'largest blue ammonia facility', 'new blue ammonia facility', 'World-Scale Blue Ammonia Project', 'extensive pipeline network', 'blue ammonia plant', 'world-leading blue ammonia', 'low-carbon industrial gases', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'carbon dioxide emissions', '1.7 million metric tons', 'The Beaumont facility', 'clean energy projects', 'clean fuels platform', 'total investment cost', 'complex engineering projects', 'OCI N.V.', 'long-term agreement Project', 'new facility', 'new complex', 'complex projects', 'carbon footprint', '1.1 million ton', 'marine fuels', 'competitive cost', 'site complex', 'carbon capture', 'Clean Hydrogen', 'CO 2 Construction', 'engineering company', 'autothermal reforming', 'United States', 'downstream customers', 'value chain', 'wide range', 'upsized utilities', 'available land', '2.2 mtpa capacity', 'export market', 'ideal solution', 'abate sectors', 'Ahmed El-Hoshy', 'Sanjiv Lamba', 'track record', 'nitrogen feedstocks', 'Linde plc', 'Linde.', 'Partner', 'kind', 'Texas', 'sequestration', 'year', 'production', 'Euronext', 'NYSE', 'FWB', 'development', 'industries', 'spending', 'future', 'agriculture', 'power', 'expertise', 'large-scale', 'capabilities', 'transition', 'strategy', 'decarbonization', 'takers', 'support', 'many', 'blue-ammonia-project']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17829,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIQUADRO-S-P-A-373104/news/Piquadro-S-p-A-319CS-Piquadro-buy-back-purchase-week-January-30-February-3-2023-42908686/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230206,Piquadro S p A : 319CS Piquadro buy back purchase week January 30 February 3 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   REPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OF   PIQUADRO S.P.A.   Silla di Gaggio Montano   February 6  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-backplan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the …,Press releaseREPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OFPIQUADRO S.P.A.Silla di Gaggio Montano (BO)  February 6  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-backplan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the period from January 30th to February 3rd  2023  it purchased no. 7 771 treasury shares for a total consideration of 15 061.34 Euro  as authorized by the shareholders' meeting on July 25th  2022  already disclosed pursuant to Art. 144-bisof Consob Regulation no. 11971/1999.Details of the daily transactions on the Euronext Milan are as follows:Number of ordinary Average price (Euro) Consideration Date shares purchased (Euro) 01/30/2023 604 1.9337 1 167.95 01/31/2023 1 241 1.9257 2 389.79 02/01/2023 2 035 1.9226 3 912.49 02/02/2023 2 500 1.9459 4 864.75 02/03/2023 1 391 1.9600 2 726.36 Total 7 771 1.9381 15 061.34Following the above purchases and considering the treasury shares already in portfolio  as of February 3rd  2023 Piquadro S.p.A. holds no. 1 813 278 treasury shares  equal to 3.6266% of the share capital.Piquadro GroupThe Piquadro Group operates in the sector of leather accessories through the Piquadro  The Bridge and Lancel brands. Cornerstones for the three brands is attention to details and the quality of the workmanship as well as the leather but the Piquadro product stands out for its innovative design and technological content  while The Bridge emphasizes the vintage flavor of Tuscan craftsmanship and finally the Lancel collections embody the Parisian allure of a fashion house founded in 1876.The origins of the Group date back to 1987 when Marco Palmieri  now President and Chief Executive Officer  founded his company near Bologna  where it is still headquartered. The distribution network extends over 50 countries around the world and counts 176 outlets including 81 Piquadro boutiques (53 in Italy and 28 abroad including 48 DOS directly operated stores and 33 franchised stores)  13 The Bridge boutiques (13 in Italy including 11 DOS directly operated stores and 2 franchised) and 82 Lancel boutiques (61 in France and 21 abroad  of which 75 DOS directly operated stores and 7 franchised). The Group's consolidated turnover for the year 2021/2022 ended on March 31  2022  is € 149 4 million. Piquadro S.p.A. has been listed on the Italian Stock Exchange since October 2007.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Piquadro S', '319CS Piquadro', 'purchase', 'January', 'PIQUADRO S.P.A.', 'ordinary Average price', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'Consideration Date shares', 'TREASURY SHARES BUY', 'The Piquadro Group', 'The Bridge boutiques', '81 Piquadro boutiques', 'Piquadro product', '7,771 treasury shares', '1,813,278 treasury shares', 'total consideration', '82 Lancel boutiques', 'The Group', 'Press release', 'BACK PLAN', 'Gaggio Montano', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'Consob Regulation', 'daily transactions', 'Euronext Milan', 'share capital', 'Lancel brands', 'three brands', 'innovative design', 'technological content', 'vintage flavor', 'Tuscan craftsmanship', 'Lancel collections', 'Parisian allure', 'fashion house', 'Marco Palmieri', 'distribution network', 'leather accessories', '33 franchised stores', 'REPORT', 'Silla', 'February', 'reference', 'backplan', 'period', 'January', '15,061.34 Euro', 'July', 'Art.', 'Details', 'Number', 'purchases', 'portfolio', 'sector', 'Cornerstones', 'attention', 'quality', 'workmanship', 'origins', 'President', 'company', 'Bologna', '50 countries', 'world', '176 outlets', 'Italy', '48 DOS', '11 DOS', 'France', '75 DOS', 'turnover', 'year', 'March', 'October']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17830,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KBC-ANCORA-SA-53036/news/Update-on-share-repurchase-program-KBC-Ancora-until-03-February-2023-42911392/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230206,Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 03 February 2023,(marketscreener.com) Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  06 February 2023 Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 03 February 2023 As part of the EUR 50 million share repurchase program  as confirmed on 20 May 2022  KBC Ancora has a…,Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  06 February 2023 (17:40 CET)Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 03 February 2023As part of the EUR 50 million share repurchase program  as confirmed on 20 May 2022  KBC Ancora has announced that it bought back a total of 31 460 shares in the period from 30 January 2023 to 03 February 2023.The following transactions were carried out during the period in question:Transaction date Number of shares Average price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Total amount (EUR) Mon 30 January 2023 7 000 44.26 43.80 44.56 309 846.60 Tue 31 January 2023 6 000 44.85 44.36 45.10 269 124.60 Wed 1 February 2023 6 000 44.96 44.72 45.18 269 757.00 Thu 2 February 2023 6 000 44.89 44.46 45.08 269 353.80 Fri 3 February 2023 6 460 44.72 44.30 44.98 288 917.69 TOTAL(period concerned) 31 460 44.72 43.80 45.18 1 406 999.69 TOTAL (overall repurchase program) 1 092 515 37.09 31.68 46.36 40 517 211.43All transactions were carried out in the central order book of Euronext Brussels.Since the start of the share repurchase program on 10 June 2022  KBC Ancora has bought back 1 092 515 of its own shares  or 1.40% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 78 301 314)  for an average price of 37.09 euros per share and for a total amount of 40 517 211 euros. KBC Ancora has currently implemented 81.03% of the repurchase program.The repurchase program runs within the limits of the share repurchase authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 30 October 2020.---------------------------------KBC Ancora is a listed company that holds 18.6% of the shares in KBC Group. Together with Cera  MRBB and the Other Permanent Shareholders  it ensures shareholder stability and the ongoing development of the KBC Group. As core shareholders of KBC Group  they have concluded a shareholders’ agreement to this end.Financial calendar:01 September 2023 Annual press release for the financial year 2022/202326 September 2023 Annual Report for the financial year 2022/2023 available27 October 2023 General Meeting of ShareholdersThis press release is available in Dutch  French and English on the website www.kbcancora.be.KBC Ancora Investor Relations & Press contact: Jan BergmansTel. +32 (0)16 27 96 72email: jan.bergmans@kbcancora.be or mailbox@kbcancora.beAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora', 'Update', '03 February', 'EUR 50 million share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora Investor Relations', 'central order book', 'share repurchase authorization', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Other Permanent Shareholders', 'Annual press release', 'Annual Report', 'Press contact', 'KBC Group', 'Transaction date', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'Euronext Brussels', 'listed company', 'shareholder stability', 'ongoing development', 'Financial calendar', 'financial year', 'core shareholders', 'shareholders’ agreement', 'Total amount', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'Mon 30 January', 'total number', 'Jan Bergmans', 'Leuven', '06 February', 'Update', '03 February', 'part', '20 May', '31,460 shares', 'period', 'question', 'Wed', '1 February', 'start', '10 June', '37.09 euros', '40,517,211 euros', 'limits', '30 October', 'Cera', 'MRBB', '01 September', '26 September', '27 October', 'Dutch', 'French', 'English', 'website', 'Tel.', 'email', 'kbcancora', 'Attachment']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17831,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LU-VE-S-P-A-22619643/news/LU-VE-GROUP-25-MILLION-FROM-BANCO-BPM-FOR-SUSTAINABLE-GROWTH-42908185/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230206,LU-VE GROUP: 25 MILLION FROM BANCO BPM FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH,(marketscreener.com)  06/02/2023 11:35   LU-VE GROUP: 25 MILLION FROM BANCO BPM FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH   The loan is linked to sustainability topics and is aimed at supporting the Company's ESG investment programme   Uboldo   6 February 2023 - Banco…,"06/02/2023 11:35The loan is linked to sustainability topics and is aimed at supporting the Company's ESG investment programmeUboldo (VA)  6 February 2023 - Banco BPM continues to support the sustainable investments of LU-VE Group  with a 25 million euro loan. The Group is a multinational based in Varese  listed on the Euronext STAR Milan segment  and one of the major operators in the world in the air heat exchangers sector.The transaction has sustainability as its objective and is linked to the improvement of specific performance indicators (ESG KPIs). The purpose of the loan is to support LU-VE Group's investment plan and support its working capital. The objective is linked to some green covenants linked to the percentage reduction in total greenhouse gas emissions (Green House Gas - GHG). LU-VE Group in fact contributes directly to the well-being of the environment through the development of heat exchangers that use natural refrigerant fluids (CO2  ammonia  propane and water)  instead of hydrofluorocarbons (HFC)  with the consequent benefit of eliminating or drastically reducing the negative impacts on the environment (ODP - Ozone Depletion Potential and GWP - Global Warming Potential)  thus also responding to the green needs of its customers. From 1986 to today  through research projects on new refrigerants  LU-VE Group can boast a track record of highly successful CO2 installations in Europe  Latin America  the Middle East and Asia. In 2004  the company built Europe's first transcritical CO2 plant (Coop Tägipark in Wettingen  Switzerland).In January 2023  for the second time in a row  LU-VE Group's commitment to sustainability was awarded the ""Companies most attentive to the climate"" award for having distinguished itself among the best 130 Italian companies that have most committed themselves to reducing carbon dioxide emissions. The award was given by Corriere della Sera in collaboration with Statista GmbH (German company specializing in market research and company data analysis). The analysis is based on the annualized reduction rate (CARR) of the intensity of emissions (ratio of CO2 emissions to turnover in millions of euros) between 2019 and 2021.",neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,positive,0.63,0.37,0.0,True,English,"['LU-VE GROUP', 'BANCO BPM', 'SUSTAINABLE GROWTH', '25 MILLION', 'Euronext STAR Milan segment', 'first transcritical CO2 plant', 'ESG investment programme Uboldo', 'air heat exchangers sector', 'total greenhouse gas emissions', 'specific performance indicators', 'natural refrigerant fluids', 'Ozone Depletion Potential', 'Global Warming Potential', 'successful CO2 installations', 'Coop Tägipark', 'Corriere della Sera', 'Green House Gas', 'carbon dioxide emissions', 'annualized reduction rate', 'best 130 Italian companies', '25 million euro loan', 'company data analysis', 'CO2 emissions', 'ESG KPIs', 'investment plan', 'percentage reduction', 'green covenants', 'green needs', 'Banco BPM', 'sustainable investments', 'LU-VE Group', 'The Group', 'major operators', 'working capital', 'consequent benefit', 'negative impacts', 'research projects', 'new refrigerants', 'track record', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', 'second time', 'Statista GmbH', 'market research', 'German company', 'sustainability topics', 'VA', 'multinational', 'world', 'transaction', 'objective', 'improvement', 'purpose', 'GHG', 'fact', 'well', 'being', 'environment', 'development', 'ammonia', 'propane', 'water', 'hydrofluorocarbons', 'HFC', 'ODP', 'GWP', 'customers', 'today', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Wettingen', 'Switzerland', 'January', 'row', 'commitment', 'climate', 'award', 'collaboration', 'CARR', 'intensity', 'turnover', 'millions', 'euros', '6']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17833,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WENDEL-4671/news/WENDEL-Stahl-to-acquire-ICP-Industrial-Solutions-Group-significantly-growing-and-diversifying-its-42906075/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230206,WENDEL: Stahl to acquire ICP Industrial Solutions Group  significantly growing and diversifying its specialty coatings activity,(marketscreener.com)  Stahl to acquire ICP Industrial Solutions Group  significantly growing and diversifying its specialty coatings activity Wendel announces today that Stahl has signed an agreement to acquire ICP Industrial Solutions Group   a leader in hi…,Stahl to acquire ICP Industrial Solutions Group  significantly growing and diversifying its specialty coatings activityWendel (Euronext: MF.FP) announces today that Stahl has signed an agreement to acquire ICP Industrial Solutions Group (ISG)  a leader in high-performance packaging coatings  which will reinforce Stahl’s position as the global leader in the field of specialty coatings for flexible materials.ISG  a division of the ICP (Innovative Chemical Products) Group  offers a comprehensive portfolio of high-performance coatings used primarily in packaging and labeling applications  notably in the resilient food and pharmaceutical sectors. It is mostly present in North America (close to 70% of sales)  where it is a recognized technical leader. ISG coating technologies (water-based and energy cured1) help its customers transition to more sustainable packaging. ISG is expected to report 2022 sales of c. $140 million.Following this acquisition  Stahl sales will cross the €1 billion mark with an EBITDA margin above 20%. The transaction will be carried out at an enterprise value of c. $205 million. Concurrently  Stahl has secured a new financing of $580 million with a group of relationship banks  extending maturities until 2028. It will be available to finance this acquisition  refinance its existing credit facilities and fund future external growth  with a focus on specialty coatings opportunities. The ISG transaction is expected to close before the end of Q1 2023  subject to customary conditions.Maarten Heijbroek  CEO of Stahl  said: “ISG is a strong strategic fit for Stahl  given the complementary nature of our business models  technologies  and footprints. The acquisition will enhance Stahl’s growth profile  diversify our target markets  and broaden our technology base. Going forward  specialty coatings will represent approximately 75% of group sales2. ISG will be able to take advantage of Stahl’s know-how and ESG leadership position to support the transition towards more sustainable value chains. We are excited about this opportunity and look forward to welcoming the excellent ISG team into the Stahl family.”Laurent Mignon  CEO of Wendel  said: “Wendel is pleased to have another opportunity to support Stahl in its successful growth trajectory. As a long-term investor  Wendel always encourages its portfolio companies to grow both organically and inorganically. After the successful acquisitions and integrations of Clariant LS in 2014 and BASF LC in 2017  and following the acquisition of ISG  Stahl sales will exceed the €1 billion mark. The company is making another major step in its strategy to become the global leader in the field of specialty coatings for flexible materials.”About ICP Industrial Solutions GroupFor more information: https://www.icpindustrial.com/about/Find here the key milestones of Wendel investment in Stahl since 2006: https://www.wendelgroup.com/en/companies/stahl/1 Energy-cured coatings are recognized to provide significant advantages in terms of faster cure times  often improved coating properties  reduced Volatile Organic Compounds  waste  and energy consumption  and smaller manufacturing footprints2 Based on pro forma sales including ISG. Specialty coatings include existing performance coatings and leather finish activities plus ISG.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.91,0.08,0.0,True,English,"['ICP Industrial Solutions Group', 'specialty coatings activity', 'WENDEL', 'Stahl', 'ICP (Innovative Chemical Products) Group', 'ICP Industrial Solutions Group', 'specialty coatings activity Wendel', 'existing credit facilities', 'strong strategic fit', 'faster cure times', 'Volatile Organic Compounds', 'leather finish activities', 'future external growth', 'existing performance coatings', 'successful growth trajectory', 'specialty coatings opportunities', 'ESG leadership position', 'sustainable value chains', 'smaller manufacturing footprints', 'pro forma sales', 'excellent ISG team', 'high-performance packaging coatings', 'ISG coating technologies', 'group sales', 'high-performance coatings', 'growth profile', 'sustainable packaging', 'enterprise value', 'successful acquisitions', '1 Energy-cured coatings', 'coating properties', 'flexible materials', 'comprehensive portfolio', 'labeling applications', 'resilient food', 'pharmaceutical sectors', 'North America', '€1 billion mark', 'EBITDA margin', 'new financing', 'relationship banks', 'customary conditions', 'Maarten Heijbroek', 'complementary nature', 'business models', 'target markets', 'technology base', 'Laurent Mignon', 'long-term investor', 'Clariant LS', 'BASF LC', 'major step', 'key milestones', 'significant advantages', 'Wendel investment', 'global leader', 'technical leader', 'portfolio companies', 'energy consumption', 'Stahl family', 'Stahl sales', 'ISG transaction', '2022 sales', 'Euronext', 'MF.', 'FP', 'agreement', 'field', 'division', 'customers', 'maturities', 'focus', 'Q1', 'CEO', 'know', 'how', 'transition', 'opportunity', 'integrations', 'company', 'strategy', 'information', 'icpindustrial', 'wendelgroup', 'terms', 'waste', 'Attachment']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17834,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/06/2602357/0/en/Update-on-share-repurchase-program-KBC-Ancora-until-03-February-2023.html,Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 03 February 2023,Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  06 February 2023 (17:40 CET)  Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 03 February 2023 ...,Dutch French EnglishRegulated information  inside information  Leuven  06 February 2023 (17:40 CET)Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 03 February 2023As part of the EUR 50 million share repurchase program  as confirmed on 20 May 2022  KBC Ancora has announced that it bought back a total of 31 460 shares in the period from 30 January 2023 to 03 February 2023.The following transactions were carried out during the period in question:Transaction date Number of shares Average price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Total amount (EUR) Mon 30 January 2023 7 000 44.26 43.80 44.56 309 846.60 Tue 31 January 2023 6 000 44.85 44.36 45.10 269 124.60 Wed 1 February 2023 6 000 44.96 44.72 45.18 269 757.00 Thu 2 February 2023 6 000 44.89 44.46 45.08 269 353.80 Fri 3 February 2023 6 460 44.72 44.30 44.98 288 917.69 TOTAL(period concerned) 31 460 44.72 43.80 45.18 1 406 999.69 TOTAL (overall repurchase program) 1 092 515 37.09 31.68 46.36 40 517 211.43All transactions were carried out in the central order book of Euronext Brussels.Since the start of the share repurchase program on 10 June 2022  KBC Ancora has bought back 1 092 515 of its own shares  or 1.40% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 78 301 314)  for an average price of 37.09 euros per share and for a total amount of 40 517 211 euros. KBC Ancora has currently implemented 81.03% of the repurchase program.The repurchase program runs within the limits of the share repurchase authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 30 October 2020.---------------------------------KBC Ancora is a listed company that holds 18.6% of the shares in KBC Group. Together with Cera  MRBB and the Other Permanent Shareholders  it ensures shareholder stability and the ongoing development of the KBC Group. As core shareholders of KBC Group  they have concluded a shareholders’ agreement to this end.Financial calendar:01 September 2023 Annual press release for the financial year 2022/202326 September 2023 Annual Report for the financial year 2022/2023 available27 October 2023 General Meeting of ShareholdersThis press release is available in Dutch  French and English on the website www.kbcancora.be.KBC Ancora Investor Relations & Press contact: Jan BergmansTel. +32 (0)16 27 96 72email: jan.bergmans@kbcancora.be or mailbox@kbcancora.beAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora', 'Update', '03 February', 'EUR 50 million share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora Investor Relations', 'central order book', 'share repurchase authorization', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Other Permanent Shareholders', 'Annual press release', 'Dutch French English', 'Annual Report', 'Press contact', 'KBC Group', 'Transaction date', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'Euronext Brussels', 'listed company', 'shareholder stability', 'ongoing development', 'Financial calendar', 'financial year', 'Jan Bergmans', 'jan.bergmans', 'core shareholders', 'shareholders’ agreement', 'Total amount', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'Mon 30 January', 'total number', '31 January', 'Leuven', '06 February', 'Update', '03 February', 'part', '20 May', '31,460 shares', 'period', 'question', '1 February', 'start', '10 June', '37.09 euros', '40,517,211 euros', 'limits', '30 October', 'Cera', 'MRBB', '01 September', '26 September', '27 October', 'website', 'Tel.', 'email', 'kbcancora', 'mailbox', 'Attachment', '1.']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,globenewswire.com
17835,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/06/2602535/0/en/CNH-Industrial-commences-a-second-tranche-of-its-300-million-share-buyback-program-and-announces-preliminary-details-for-annual-dividend-ex-dividend-and-payment-dates.html,CNH Industrial commences a second tranche of its $300 million share buyback program and announces preliminary details for annual dividend ex-dividend and payment dates,London  February 6  2023  CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) announces that it has commenced a second tranche of $50 million share buyback...,London  February 6  2023CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) announces that it has commenced a second tranche of $50 million share buyback (the “Tranche”) in the framework of its $300 million share buyback program previously announced on July 29  2022 (the “Program”). CNH Industrial has entered into a non-discretionary arrangement with a financial intermediary to conduct this second Tranche of the Program. Under this agreement  purchases may continue during any closed periods of the Company in accordance with the applicable regulations. The purchases will be executed on Euronext Milan and on multilateral trading facilities (MTFs) in compliance with the Market Abuse Regulation and the terms and conditions of the existing authority granted by the general meeting of shareholders on April 13  2022.On February 3  2023  the Company completed the following transaction under the Tranche  reported in aggregate  based on automatic orders placed with the Company’s broker (who has made its trading decisions as to the timing of the purchases independently of the Company and on the basis of instructions given before the commencement of the Company’s closed period under the applicable regulations):Date Number of common shares purchased Average priceper shareexcluding fees Considerationexcluding fees Consideration (*)excluding fees (€) (€) ($) February 3  2023 166 000 14.8383 2 463 157.80 2 693 955.69(*) All translations determined from Euro to US Dollar at the exchange rate reported by the European Central Bank on the date of each purchase.As of February 3  2023  the Company currently holds 20 159 225 common shares in Treasury.Details of the transaction described in the table above  including the regulated markets where the purchases were made  are available on the Company’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section at the following address: bit.ly/CNHI_Buyback.As previously announced  the Company’s Board of Directors intends to recommend to the Company’s shareholders an annual cash dividend of €0.36 per common share  totaling approximately €483 million (~$511 million). The proposed dividend remains subject to Board and shareholder approval. If shareholders approve the annual dividend at the Annual General Meeting on April 14  2023  it is anticipated that the record date for the dividend will be April 25  2023  with an ex-dividend date of April 24  2023.CNH Industrial (NYSE: CNHI / MI: CNHI) is a world-class equipment and services company. Driven by its purpose of Breaking New Ground  which centers on Innovation  Sustainability and Productivity  the Company provides the strategic direction  R&D capabilities  and investments that enable the success of its global and regional Brands. Globally  Case IH and New Holland Agriculture supply 360° agriculture applications from machines to implements and the digital technologies that enhance them; and CASE and New Holland Construction Equipment deliver a full lineup of construction products that make the industry more productive. The Company’s regionally focused Brands include: STEYR  for agricultural tractors; Raven  a leader in digital agriculture  precision technology and the development of autonomous systems; Flexi-Coil  specializing in tillage and seeding systems; Miller  manufacturing application equipment; Kongskilde  providing tillage  seeding and hay & forage implements; and Eurocomach  producing a wide range of mini and midi excavators for the construction sector  including electric solutions. Across a history spanning over two centuries  CNH Industrial has always been a pioneer in its sectors and continues to passionately innovate and drive customer efficiency and success. As a truly global company  CNH Industrial’s 37 000+ employees form part of a diverse and inclusive workplace  focused on empowering customers to grow  and build  a better world.For more information and the latest financial and sustainability reports visit: cnhindustrial.comFor news from CNH Industrial and its Brands visit: media.cnhindustrial.comContacts:Media RelationsEmail: mediarelations@cnhind.comInvestor RelationsEmail: investor.relations@cnhind.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.46,0.54,True,English,"['$300 million share buyback program', 'annual dividend ex-dividend', 'CNH Industrial', 'second tranche', 'preliminary details', 'payment dates', 'CNH Industrial N.V.', 'New Holland Construction Equipment', '$300 million share buyback program', '$50 million share buyback', 'Buyback Programs section', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'European Central Bank', 'R&D capabilities', 'manufacturing application equipment', 'New Holland Agriculture', 'multilateral trading facilities', 'annual cash dividend', 'Annual General Meeting', 'world-class equipment', 'New Ground', 'annual dividend', 'construction products', 'construction sector', 'trading decisions', 'common share', '360° agriculture applications', 'digital agriculture', 'discretionary arrangement', 'financial intermediary', 'closed periods', 'applicable regulations', 'Euronext Milan', 'existing authority', 'automatic orders', 'Average price', 'US Dollar', 'exchange rate', 'regulated markets', 'corporate website', 'following address', 'shareholder approval', 'strategic direction', 'digital technologies', 'full lineup', 'agricultural tractors', 'precision technology', 'autonomous systems', 'wide range', 'midi excavators', 'electric solutions', 'two centuries', 'customer efficiency', '37,000+ employees', 'inclusive workplace', 'latest financial', 'Media Relations', 'regional Brands', 'Brands visit', 'second tranche', 'following transaction', 'record date', 'ex-dividend date', 'Case IH', 'seeding systems', 'forage implements', 'sustainability reports', 'Investor Relations', 'services company', 'The Company', 'global company', 'London', 'February', 'NYSE', 'CNHI', 'framework', 'July', 'agreement', 'purchases', 'accordance', 'MTFs', 'compliance', 'terms', 'conditions', 'shareholders', 'April', 'aggregate', 'broker', 'timing', 'basis', 'instructions', 'commencement', 'Number', 'fees', 'Consideration', 'translations', 'Treasury', 'Details', 'table', 'Board', 'Directors', 'purpose', 'Innovation', 'Productivity', 'investments', 'success', 'machines', 'industry', 'Raven', 'leader', 'development', 'Flexi-Coil', 'tillage', 'Miller', 'Kongskilde', 'hay', 'Eurocomach', 'mini', 'history', 'pioneer', 'sectors', 'part', 'diverse', 'customers', 'information', 'news', 'Contacts', 'Email', 'mediarelations', 'Attachment']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,globenewswire.com
17837,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LINDE-PLC-46923083/news/Linde-to-Invest-1-8-Billion-to-Supply-Clean-Hydrogen-to-OCI-s-World-Scale-Blue-Ammonia-Project-in-t-42908263/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230206,Linde to Invest $1.8 Billion to Supply Clean Hydrogen to OCI's World-Scale Blue Ammonia Project in the U.S. Gulf Coast,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: Linde plc / Key word: MiscellaneousLinde to Invest $1.8 Billion to Supply Clean Hydrogen to OCI’s World-Scale Blue Ammonia Project in the U.S. Gulf Coast 06.02.2023 / 12:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely r…,EQS-News: Linde plc / Key word(s): MiscellaneousLinde to Invest $1.8 Billion to Supply Clean Hydrogen to OCI’s World-Scale Blue Ammonia Project in the U.S. Gulf Coast06.02.2023 / 12:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Linde to Invest $1.8 Billion to Supply Clean Hydrogen to OCI’s World-Scale Blue Ammonia Project in the U.S. Gulf CoastWoking  UK  February 6  2023 – Linde (NYSE:LIN; FWB:LIN) announced today that it has signed a long-term agreement to supply clean hydrogen and other industrial gases to OCI’s (Euronext: OCI) new world-scale blue ammonia plant in Beaumont  Texas.Linde will build  own and operate an on-site complex which will include autothermal reforming with carbon capture  plus a large air separation plant. The new complex will be integrated into Linde’s extensive Gulf Coast industrial gas infrastructure. It will supply clean hydrogen and nitrogen to OCI’s 1.1 million ton per annum blue ammonia plant  the first greenfield blue ammonia facility of this scale to come onstream in the United States. Linde will supply OCI with clean hydrogen by sequestering more than 1.7 million metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions each year.In addition to supplying OCI  Linde will also use its extensive pipeline network to provide clean hydrogen to existing and new customers in the U.S. Gulf Coast  addressing the increasing demand from companies to decarbonize their operations. The facility will also supply atmospheric and rare gases to existing and new customers. Linde's total investment will be approximately $1.8 billion and the project is expected to start up in 2025.“Linde’s capabilities are already enabling the transition to a low-carbon-intensity economy ” said Sanjiv Lamba  Chief Executive Officer  Linde. “Our strategy is to support decarbonization by working with off-takers  like OCI  to safely and reliably supply low-carbon industrial gases at scale. With Linde’s track record in successfully executing complex projects  its extensive pipeline network  and support from the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act  the company is well positioned to secure many more clean energy projects.”“The Beaumont facility will allow us to build and strengthen our world-leading blue ammonia and clean fuels platform  supplying both the U.S. and export markets with blue ammonia  an ideal solution to decarbonize hard-to-abate sectors such as agriculture  power and marine fuels at a competitive cost ” said Ahmed El-Hoshy  Chief Executive Officer  OCI. “Linde’s expertise in managing large-scale and complex engineering projects  and safely and reliably delivering industrial gases  made it a solid choice as a partner for this project.”As one of the world’s leading industrial gases and engineering companies  Linde is playing a key role in the clean energy transition. The company is actively helping its customers to decarbonize their operations with the latest hydrogen technologies through its world-class engineering organization  key alliances and ventures  and leveraging its extensive experience and infrastructure. Linde is developing clean hydrogen projects across a range of applications and industries and growing its established hydrogen business along the entire value chain.About LindeLinde is a leading global industrial gases and engineering company with 2021 sales of $31 billion (€26 billion). We live our mission of making our world more productive every day by providing high-quality solutions  technologies and services which are making our customers more successful and helping to sustain and protect our planet.The company serves a variety of end markets including chemicals & energy  food & beverage  electronics  healthcare  manufacturing  metals and mining. Linde's industrial gases are used in countless applications  from life-saving oxygen for hospitals to high-purity & specialty gases for electronics manufacturing  hydrogen for clean fuels and much more. Linde also delivers state-of-the-art gas processing solutions to support customer expansion  efficiency improvements and emissions reductions.For more information about the company and its products and services  please visit www.linde.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.98,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['World-Scale Blue Ammonia Project', 'U.S. Gulf Coast', 'Clean Hydrogen', 'Linde', 'OCI', 'extensive Gulf Coast industrial gas infrastructure', 'U.S. Inflation Reduction Act', 'U.S. Gulf Coast Woking', 'first greenfield blue ammonia facility', 'new world-scale blue ammonia plant', 'large air separation plant', 'annum blue ammonia plant', 'World-Scale Blue Ammonia Project', 'leading global industrial gases', 'world-leading blue ammonia', 'gas processing solutions', 'extensive pipeline network', 'leading industrial gases', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'entire value chain', 'other industrial gases', 'low-carbon industrial gases', '1.7 million metric tons', 'world-class engineering organization', 'carbon dioxide emissions', 'The Beaumont facility', 'clean fuels platform', 'complex engineering projects', 'clean energy projects', 'clean hydrogen projects', 'latest hydrogen technologies', 'clean energy transition', 'extensive experience', 'new complex', 'complex projects', 'rare gases', 'specialty gases', 'carbon capture', '1.1 million ton', 'high-quality solutions', 'emissions reductions', 'marine fuels', 'site complex', 'new customers', 'hydrogen business', 'Key word', 'long-term agreement', 'autothermal reforming', 'United States', 'increasing demand', 'total investment', 'low-carbon-intensity economy', 'Sanjiv Lamba', 'track record', 'export markets', 'ideal solution', 'abate sectors', 'competitive cost', 'Ahmed El-Hoshy', 'solid choice', 'engineering companies', 'key role', 'key alliances', 'end markets', 'life-saving oxygen', 'customer expansion', 'efficiency improvements', 'engineering company', 'countless applications', 'Linde plc', 'electronics manufacturing', 'EQS-News', 'Miscellaneous', 'OCI', '12:00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'UK', 'February', 'FWB', 'Euronext', 'Texas', 'nitrogen', 'addition', 'existing', 'operations', 'atmospheric', 'capabilities', 'strategy', 'decarbonization', 'takers', 'support', 'many', 'agriculture', 'power', 'expertise', 'large-scale', 'partner', 'ventures', 'range', 'industries', '2021 sales', 'services', 'planet', 'variety', 'chemicals', 'food', 'beverage', 'healthcare', 'metals', 'mining', 'hospitals', 'high-purity', 'information', 'products']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17838,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-42906071/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230206,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 03 Feb 2023.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.1636 £ 23.9186 Estimated MTD return -0.43 % -0.44 % Estimated YTD return -2.18 % -2.08 % Estimated ITD return 171.64 % 139.19 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.20 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -18.27 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 1 900.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -20.56 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 297 058 126 294 Held in treasury 10 411 N/A Shares Issued 12 307 469 126 294Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 238.0469 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 127.6085The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'N/A Shares', 'BG Fund NAV', 'A Premium/discount', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'N/A GBX', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17839,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/06/2601792/0/en/Nexans-enters-into-exclusive-negotiations-with-Syntagma-Capital-for-the-sale-of-its-Telecom-Systems-business.html,Nexans enters into exclusive negotiations with Syntagma Capital for the sale of its Telecom Systems business,Nexans enters into exclusive negotiations with Syntagma Capital for the sale of its Telecom Systems business           _PRESS RELEASE_     Nexans...,English FrenchNexans enters into exclusive negotiations with Syntagma Capital for the sale of its Telecom Systems business_PRESS RELEASE_Nexans enters into exclusive negotiation s for the sale of its Telecom Systems activities to Syntagma CapitalThis proposed transaction marks a new step in the implementation of Nexans’ strategy to refocus as a Pure Electrification PlayerParis  February 6  2023 – Nexans has entered into exclusive negotiations with Syntagma Capital  a Belgium-based private equity fund  for the sale of its Telecom Systems activity (“The Business”). This proposed transaction marks Nexans’ exit from the telecom and data activity in line with its strategy to simplify its activities and amplify its impact in Electrification markets.The Business operates primarily in the design  production and commercialization of advanced solutions for telecom  LAN networks as well as datacentres and constitutes the main remaining part of the Telecom & Data division after the sale of Berk-Tek in 2020. It employs around 680 people and has a turnover of around 200 million euros in aggregate.Christopher Guérin  Chief Executive Officer of Nexans declared: “We are pleased that our Telecom Systems colleagues will join a strategic new home with Syntagma Capital to further invest and grow the business. This powerful combination will deliver meaningful opportunities to employees and customers. I would like to thank the teams for the excellent work they have done in the past  and I am confident in their future development.”“We are pleased to partner with management to continue to grow the business. Providing the backbone for data management is an exciting prospect. This transaction represents our most recent carve out and reflects Syntagma’s strategy to acquire businesses that will benefit from a new owner to drive the next area of growth” said Sebastien Kiekert Le Moult  Managing Partner of Syntagma.The proposed transaction remains subject to the fulfilment of customary conditions for this type of transaction  including the information and consultation of works councils and other regulatory approvals. The closing of the transaction is expected to be completed by the end of the first half of 2023.Following the closing of the transaction  the Special Telecom division  active in the production and installation of subsea telecommunication systems  accessories and services based in Rognan  Norway  will become part of Nexans Generation & Transmission business group enhancing the global capabilities and commercial offering.About Syntagma CapitalSyntagma invests in companies that can benefit from hands-on operational expertise to accelerate growth and improve performance for all stakeholders. They are true operators with experience working in and managing companies on a global scale  leveraging our in-house resources to develop successful strategies  and execute them to realize their full potential and create sustainable long-term value. Syntagma invests and operates companies in a broad range of industries with a specific focus on the material  chemical  industrial  and business services markets and including manufacturing  distribution  transportation and logistics  equipment rental  metals services  and other industries. Syntagma is committed to high ESG standards across all its investments and is based in Brussels  Belgium.For more information  please visit: https://syntagmacapital.comContact:Marie CiparisseTel.: +32 (0)2 315 70 12mciparisse@syntagmacapital.comAbout NexansFor more than a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in electrifying the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With almost 25 000 staff in 42 countries  the Group is driving the change towards the new world of electrification: a safer  more sustainable  renewable  carbon-free world  accessible to all. In 2021  Nexans generated €6.1 billion in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacture of cable systems and services in five main areas of activity: Energy Production & Transmission  Distribution  Uses  Industry & Solutions and Telecom & Data. Nexans was the first player in its industry to create a Corporate Foundation to support actions that promote access to energy for disadvantaged populations worldwide. The Group is committed to helping achieve carbon neutrality by 2030.Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on the Euronext Paris stock market  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:Investor RelationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.com CommunicationsEmmanuel Guinotemmanuel.guinot@nexans.comMaëllys LeosticTel.: +33 (0)7 87 04 96 58maellys.leostic@nexans.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.86,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['Telecom Systems business', 'exclusive negotiations', 'Syntagma Capital', 'Nexans', 'sale', 'Belgium-based private equity fund', 'Sebastien Kiekert Le Moult', 'sustainable, renewable, carbon-free world', 'Euronext Paris stock market', 'sustainable long-term value', 'Christopher Guérin', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'high ESG standards', 'five main areas', 'Maëllys Leostic', 'subsea telecommunication systems', 'other regulatory approvals', 'exclusive negotiation s', 'strategic new home', 'main remaining part', 'Telecom Systems colleagues', 'Special Telecom division', 'Pure Electrification Player', 'Telecom Systems business', 'Telecom Systems activities', 'Telecom Systems activity', 'business services markets', 'Transmission business group', 'new world', 'cable systems', 'Electrification markets', 'first player', 'exclusive negotiations', 'new step', 'Data division', 'new owner', 'The Business', 'English French', 'LAN networks', '200 million euros', 'powerful combination', 'meaningful opportunities', 'excellent work', 'exciting prospect', 'recent carve', 'next area', 'Managing Partner', 'customary conditions', 'works councils', 'first half', 'global capabilities', 'commercial offering', 'operational expertise', 'true operators', 'global scale', 'house resources', 'successful strategies', 'full potential', 'broad range', 'specific focus', 'equipment rental', 'other industries', 'Marie Ciparisse', 'a century', 'crucial role', 'standard sales', 'The Group', 'Corporate Foundation', 'disadvantaged populations', 'carbon neutrality', 'compartment A.', 'Investor Relations', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'data activity', 'metals services', 'Syntagma Capital', 'advanced solutions', 'Emmanuel Guinot', 'future development', 'data management', 'Nexans’ exit', 'Nexans Generation', 'Energy Production', 'Nexans’ strategy', 'transaction', 'implementation', 'February', 'line', 'impact', 'design', 'commercialization', 'datacentres', 'Berk-Tek', '680 people', 'turnover', 'aggregate', 'employees', 'customers', 'teams', 'past', 'backbone', 'businesses', 'growth', 'proposed', 'fulfilment', 'type', 'information', 'consultation', 'closing', 'end', 'installation', 'accessories', 'Rognan', 'Norway', 'companies', 'hands', 'performance', 'stakeholders', 'experience', 'material', 'industrial', 'manufacturing', 'distribution', 'transportation', 'logistics', 'investments', 'Brussels', 'Contact', 'Tel.', 'mciparisse', 'planet', '25,000 staff', '42 countries', 'change', 'leader', 'manufacture', 'Uses', 'Industry', 'actions', 'Communications', 'Attachment', '32', '1', '33', '7']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,globenewswire.com
17865,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-063000128.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting,eQ Plc Stock Exchange Release7 February 2023  at 8:30 am Notice of the Annual General Meeting 2023 Notice is given to the shareholders of eQ Plc to the...,eQ OyjeQ Plc Stock Exchange Release7 February 2023  at 8:30 amNotice of the Annual General Meeting 2023Notice is given to the shareholders of eQ Plc to the Annual General Meeting (the “AGM”) to be held on 27 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. at Sanoma House’s Eliel meeting room  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 4:30 p.m. at the meeting venue.The AGM will be held as a hybrid meeting in accordance with chapter 5  section 16  subsection 2 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. As an alternative to participating in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue  shareholders can fully exercise their rights during the meeting also via remote connection. Instructions for remote participation are presented in part C of this notice to the AGM.We encourage our shareholders to participate in eQ Plc's AGM via remote connection. There is no food or drink service at the meeting.Shareholders can ask questions referred to in chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act about the matters to be discussed at the meeting  also in writing before the meeting. Instructions for submitting written questions are presented in part C of this invitation to the AGM.A. Matters on the agenda of the AGMAt the AGM  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and persons to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and auditors' report for the year 2022- Presentation of the review by the CEOThe annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and the auditors’ report published by the Company will be available no later than 3 March 2023 on the Company’s website www.eq.fi .Story continues7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividend and resolution on the distribution of the assets from the invested unrestricted equity fundThe distributable means of the parent company on 31 December 2022 totalled EUR 65 947 885.52. The sum consisted of retained earnings of EUR 40 741 192.96 and the means in the reserve of invested unrestricted equity of EUR 25 206 692.56.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.91 per share be paid out. The proposal corresponds to a dividend totalling EUR 36 791 025.18 calculated with the number of shares at the close of the financial year. Additionally  the Board proposes to the AGM that an equity repayment of EUR 0.09 per share be paid out from the reserve of invested unrestricted equity. The proposal corresponds to an equity repayment totalling EUR 3 638 672.82 calculated with the number of shares at the close of the financial year. The dividend and equity repayment shall be paid to those who are registered as shareholders in eQ Plc's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date 29 March 2023. The Board proposes 5 April 2023 as the payment date of the dividend and equity repayment.After the end of the financial period  no essential changes have taken place in the financial position of the company. The Board of Directors feel that the proposed distribution of dividend and equity repayment do not endanger the liquidity of the company.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 1 January – 31 December 202210. Handling of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors presents the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies to the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies shall be published together with the Annual Report by a stock exchange release and it will be available on the company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset no later than 3 March 2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  propose that the Chair of the Board of Directors receives 5 000 euros per month  Vice Chair of the Board of Directors receives 4 000 euros per month and the members of the Board of Directors receive 3 000 euros per month. In addition  a compensation of 750 euros per meeting is proposed to be paid for all the Board members for each attended Board meeting and travel and accommodation expenses are reimbursed according to the effectual guidelines of eQ Plc.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the number of the Board members remain unchanged  i.e. that six persons be on the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the composition of the Board remains unchanged  i.e. that the current Board members Nicolas Berner  Georg Ehrnrooth  Timo Kokkila  Lotta Kopra  Janne Larma and Tomas von Rettig are re-elected to the Board of Directors. The term of office of the Board members ends at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.All nominees have given their consent to the proposal. In addition  the nominees have indicated that on selection  they will select Janne Larma as Chair of the Board of Directors and Georg Ehrnrooth as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors.Member candidates' resumes and independence assessments are available on the company's website: www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset .14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor to be elected be paid remuneration according to the auditor's invoice approved by eQ Plc.15. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors proposes  that for a term ending at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024  Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab be elected auditor of the Company. The auditor has stated that the auditor with main responsibility will be Tuomas Ilveskoski  APA.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorises the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue or share issues and/or the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  comprising a maximum total of 3 500 000 new shares. The amount of the proposed authorisation corresponds to approximately 8.66 per cent of all shares in the Company at the time of this Notice of the AGM.The authorisation is proposed to be used in order to finance or carry out potential acquisitions or other business transactions  to strengthen the balance sheet and the financial position of the Company  to fulfill Company’s incentive schemes or to any other purposes decided by the Board. It is proposed that based on the authorization  the Board decides on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  including the recipients of the shares or the special rights entitling to shares and the amount of the consideration to be paid. Therefore  based on the authorisation  shares or special rights entitling to shares may also be issued directed i.e. in deviation of the shareholders pre-emptive rights as described in the Companies Act. A share issue may also be executed without payment in accordance with the preconditions set out in the Companies Act.The authorisation will cancel all previous authorisations to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares and is effective until the next Annual General Meeting  however no more than 18 months.17. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the Articles of Association of eQ Plc be updated with section-specific headings for all items  the field of activity be specified and the possibility to organise a meeting without a physical meeting venue be added  and participation in the General Meeting be made possible via a remote connection.The new Articles of Association in their entirety:The Articles of Association1 § Business name and domicileThe name of the company is eQ Oyj in Finnish  eQ Abp in Swedish  and eQ Plc in English. The domicile of the company is Helsinki.2 § Field of activityThe company's field of activity is to own investment service providers  fund management companies and other companies operating in financial sector and to take care of all related administrative duties. In addition  the company may own securities and engage in other investment operations.3 § Book-entry systemThe Company’s shares are included in the book-entry system for securities.4 § Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors is responsible for the company’s administration and appropriate organisation of the company’s operations. The Board of Directors consists of a minimum of five (5) and a maximum of seven (7) members. The Board of Directors shall elect a Chair from among its members and convene when summoned by the Chair. The Chair shall summon the Board of Directors  if a member of the Board of Directors or the Managing Directors so requests. The Board of Directors constitutes a quorum when more than half of its members are present. Matters are decided by a simple majority of votes. In cases where votes are evenly divided  the Chair shall have the deciding vote  and in the election of the Chair the decision is made by drawing lots. The term of the members of the Board of Directors extends to the close of the Annual General Meeting following the election.5 § Chief Executive Officer (CEO)The company shall have a CEO  who is appointed by the Board of Directors.6 § Right of representationThe company is represented by two members of the Board of Directors jointly  the CEO alone or the person or persons authorised by the Board of Directors.7 § AuditorThe General Meeting shall elect one (1) auditor to audit the company administration and accounts. The auditor shall be an audit firm certified by the Finland Chamber of Commerce. The term of the auditor is the accounting period  and it ends at the close of the first Annual General Meeting following the election.8 § Financial periodThe accounting period of the company begins on 1 January and ends on 31 December.9 § Notice of the General Meeting of Shareholders  participation and meeting venueNotice of a General Meeting shall be delivered to the shareholders no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the meeting  but in any case at the latest nine (9) days before the record date of the General Meeting  by publishing it in a company website and as a stock exchange release. In order to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder shall inform the company of his/her attendance no later than on the date mentioned in the notice of the meeting  which is determined by the Board of Directors. This date may not be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the meeting.The Board of Directors may decide that the shareholders may also attend the General Meeting in such a way that a shareholder exercises his/her right to vote and speak by using a data communication connection and a technical device before or during the General Meeting.The Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting is organised without a meeting venue so that the shareholders fully exercise their right to vote and speak in real-time by using a telecommunications connection and a technical device during the meeting.10 § Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting shall be held annually by the end of May on a day determined by the Board of Directors.The Meeting shallreview:1. the financial statements  comprising the consolidated financial statements and the annual report;2. the Auditors’ Report;decide on:3. the approval of the financial statements;4. the use of the profit shown in the balance sheet;5. discharging the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director from liability;6. the number of members on the Board of Directors;7. the remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor;elect:8. the members of the Board of Directors  and9. the auditor.18. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the AGMThe above mentioned decision proposals of the Board of Directors and the shareholders on the agenda of the AGM as well as this notice are available to shareholders on eQ Plc's website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset . eQ Plc's Annual Report  containing the Company's annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditors' report together with the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies is available on the said website no later than 3 March 2023. The proposals of the Board of Directors and the shareholders for resolutions and other previously mentioned documents will also be available at the AGM.The Minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the company’s website no later than 10 April 2023.C. Instructions to the participants of the AGM1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting 15 March 2023 in the Company’s register held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is automatically registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Registration for the AGM will begin on 20 February 2023. A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  must register for the AGM no later than 20 March 2023 by 4:00 pm by which time the registrations must be received. Shareholders may register to the meeting:a) Via the website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokouksetOnline registration require that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) By email agm@innovatics.fi or by mailA shareholder who registers by mail or email shall send registration form available on the Company’s website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail to Innovatics Oy  Annual General Meeting / eQ Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email at agm@innovatics.fi .When registering  shareholders shall provide requested information  such as their name  date of birth or Business ID  address  telephone number  email address and the name of any assistant or proxy representative and the date of birth of any proxy representative. In addition  the shareholder shall inform whether the shareholder or its representative will participate in the AGM at the meeting place or via a remote connection. The personal data given by the shareholder to the Company or Innovatics Oy will be used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.The shareholder and his/her representative or proxy must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting place  if necessary.Additional information on the registration is available during the registration period by telephone from Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on business days during 9:00 am until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 pm until 4:00 pm.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she on the record date of the Annual General Meeting 15 March 2023 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. Participation in the AGM also requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares in the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 22 March 2023 by 10:00 am. As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the AGM. Changes in the ownership of shares after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the AGM nor the number of votes of the shareholder.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian. The account manager of the custodian shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  in the shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above.Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset .3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Proxy representatives must use strong electronic authentication when registering for the meeting online  after which they can register on behalf of the shareholder they represent. Proxy representative of the shareholder shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the suomi.fi e-authorisations service  which is in use in the online registration service.An example of the proxy document and voting instructions (in Finnish) is available at the Company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset on 17 February 2023  9:00 am  the latest. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.The possible proxy documents should be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with electronic registration or alternatively to agm@innovatics.fi before the closing of the registration. In addition to the delivery of proxies  the shareholder or his/her proxy must take care of registering for the AGM as described above in this notice.Shareholders that are legal entities may also  as an alternative to traditional proxy authorisation documents  use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service for authorising their proxy representatives. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering for the AGM in the virtual general meeting service provided by Inderes Plc  authorised representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is automatically verified. The strong electronic authentication takes place with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorisations .4. Remote participation in the meetingA shareholder who has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting can participate in the meeting and use his/her rights in full during the meeting not only by participating in the AGM at the meeting venue but also via remote connection.The shareholder's or proxy's notification of participation in the AGM via remote connection is binding  and the shareholder or proxy does not have the right to change the method of participation or participate in the meeting at the meeting place after the registration period has expired. However  the shareholder's representative's notification of participation via remote connection does not limit the right of shareholder's other representatives to participate in the meeting at the meeting place.A shareholder or proxy who has registered to participate in the AGM at the meeting venue can change their participation to remote participation. There is no need to inform the company about this separately. Remote participation takes place via the remote participation link sent to the phone number and/or email address provided when registering for the AGM.The remote connection to the AGM is provided through Inderes Plc's virtual general meeting service on the Videosync platform  which includes a video and audio connection to the Annual General Meeting. Using the remote connection does not require paid software or downloads. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for sound reproduction and a microphone for asking oral questions or speaking turns. To participate  it is recommended to use the latest versions of the most common browser programs in use.The participation link and password for remote participation will be sent by email and/or text message to the email address and/or mobile phone number provided during registration to all those registered for the Annual General Meeting no later than the day before the meeting. Therefore  even shareholders who have physically registered for the AGM can  if they wish  participate in the AGM remotely using a telecommunications connection. It is recommended to log into the meeting system well in advance of the meeting's start time.More detailed information about the general meeting service can be found on the company's website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset . The link to test the compatibility of a computer  smartphone or tablet and the network connection can be found at https://flik.videosync.fi/katsoja-testi . It is recommended that you familiarise yourself with the more detailed participation instructions before the start of the AGM.5. Other instructions/informationThe meeting shall be held in Finnish.Shareholders who are present at the meeting shall have a right to present questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting.A shareholder may present questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting by 13 March 2023 at 4:00 pm at the online registration service or by email to eQ.Yhtiokokous@eq.fi . The company’s management generally answers such questions submitted in writing in advance at the AGM or no later than two weeks after the general meeting on the company's website. When asking a question  the shareholder must provide a sufficient explanation of his/her share ownership.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the AGM do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the shareholder's number of votes.On the date of this notice  7 February 2023  the total number of eQ Plc's shares and votes is 40 429 698. The Company does not hold its own shares.Helsinki  7 February 2023eQ PlcBoard of DirectorsAdditional information: Juha Surve  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 9 6817 8733Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki  www.eQ.fieQ Group is a Finnish group of companies specialising in asset management and corporate finance business. eQ Asset Management offers a wide range of asset management services (including private equity funds and real estate asset management) for institutions and individuals. The assets managed by the Group total approximately EUR 12.3 billion. Advium Corporate Finance  which is part of the Group  offers services related to mergers and acquisitions  real estate transactions and equity capital markets.More information about the Group is available on our website at www.eQ.fi.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Eliel meeting room', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual accounts', 'Annual Report', 'eQ Plc', 'equity repayment', 'Sanoma House', 'remote connection', 'remote participation', 'part C', 'drink service', 'balance sheet', 'shareholder register', 'record date', 'financial period', 'essential changes', 'financial position', 'Governing Bodies', '60 per cent', 'accommodation expenses', 'effectual guidelines', ""auditors' report"", 'auditors’ report', 'meeting venue', 'hybrid meeting', 'financial year', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'written questions', 'distributable means', 'payment date', 'outstanding shares', 'Vice Chair', 'six persons', 'The Board', 'parent company', 'The AGM', 'Board meeting', 'Board members', 'Oyj', '7 February', 'Notice', 'shareholders', '27 March', '00100 Helsinki', 'reception', 'accordance', 'chapter', 'section', 'alternative', 'rights', 'Instructions', 'food', 'writing', 'invitation', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'review', 'CEO', '3 March', 'website', 'Story', 'Resolution', 'profit', 'distribution', 'assets', '31 December', 'sum', 'earnings', 'reserve', 'proposal', 'number', 'close', '5 April', 'place', 'liquidity', 'discharge', 'January', 'Handling', 'eq-group', 'hallinnointi', '5,000 euros', 'month', '4,000 euros', '3,000 euros', 'addition', 'compensation', '750 euros', 'travel', '8:30', '5:00', '4:30', '2022']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17866,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/95673/metaco-expands-senior-leadership-team,Metaco expands senior leadership team,Metaco  the market-leading provider of mission-critical digital asset custody and orchestration technology to global financial and non-financial institutions  has appointed a number of key new executives to its leadership team  to address the increased demand…,Source: MetacoMetaco  the market-leading provider of mission-critical digital asset custody and orchestration technology to global financial and non-financial institutions  has appointed a number of key new executives to its leadership team  to address the increased demand for institutional digital asset services  while expanding its addressable market within and beyond the banking industry.Former global Head of Digital Asset Infrastructure at IBM  Peter DeMeo  joins the company as Chief Product Officer  overseeing the product roadmap planning and lifecycle execution of Metaco’s suite of software and infrastructure solutions for institutions  and also responsible for setting up the company’s digital asset advisory practice which provides strategic direction and consulting to the business and to its clients. Having created IBM’s digital asset key management practice going back to 2017  DeMeo brings deep domain expertise to the company in digital asset key management and holds patents for hardened  policy based crypto transaction signing and quantum-safe offline cloud cold storage.Adding to DeMeo’s expertise in Metaco’s executive team is former IBM lead architect  Angel Nunez Mencias who joins as Chief Customer Officer. Nunez Mencias  a prolific inventor and multiple patent owner  oversaw two decades of software enterprise design at the computing giant  including managing the development of its Hyper Protect Cloud services.Metaco continues to experience sustained growth from financial institutions  corporates and startups for its services. Over the past 12 months it has trebled its headcount in order to scale delivery and ensure customer success across the globe. Appointments across the domains of computing  banking  fintech and digital assets include Katrin Koller  former executive for Digital Assets at Accenture  as Head of Advisory; Rebecca Aspler  former blockchain product manager at PayPal and Unbound Security  as Head of Product; and Mei Li Powell as Global Head of Marketing & Communications  who brings an in-depth understanding of the needs and client servicing models across the transaction services industry gained over three decades in senior  global roles at Citi and Euroclear.Adrien Treccani  CEO and Founder of Metaco  commented  “We’re proud to appoint executives from leading companies in the computing  blockchain  financial services and consultancy industries to the leadership team. Metaco continues to grow at pace  supporting financial and non-financial institutions with infrastructure for a future in which every asset will be represented on-chain. These additions to our team will ensure that we continue to scale effectively and develop our solutions to meet the unprecedented levels of institutional demand we face  from regulated top-tier banks to corporates across all industries who wish to embed digital assets into their products and services.”Peter DeMeo  Chief Product Officer at Metaco  commented  “I am thrilled to join Metaco at such a pivotal time in the growth of the company. The digital asset industry is undergoing a paradigm shift  underpinned by new security and compliance standards  driven by established financial institutions working closely with regulators worldwide. Metaco is playing a crucial role in supporting these institutions to bridge traditional finance and digital assets. Our purpose built infrastructure for complex digital asset use-cases supports business operating models characterized by the maximum possible levels of security and regulatory compliance.”In addition to bolstering its executive team  Metaco has invested in key personnel across research and development  engineering and customer services to ensure the continued implementation of industry-leading custody solutions and fulfill customer and growth ambitions. As part of its commitment to innovation and servicing institutional needs  the company is creating Metaco Labs  a new research and development unit which is being led by Chief Customer Officer  Angel Nunez Mencias. Among his first innovation priorities  Nunez Mencias will oversee the commercialization of Metaco’s recently developed proprietary multi-party computation (MPC) key management solution  while continuing to work with strategic partners and top-tier banks to integrate MPC key shards natively in hardware security modules. This will deliver the highest degree of security  scalability and flexibility in institutional custody  strengthening Metaco’s differentiating position in the market as the only custody technology platform able to combine the best of multi-party computation and hardware security to decentralize risk and minimize attack surfaces.Gene A. Grant II  Chief Executive Officer at LevelField  commented  “Metaco has been an ideal partner for our digital asset business lines. Their Harmonize orchestration platform  providing the highest levels of security and compliance for our operations  is the solid foundation upon which we are building our client experience. We will continue to work with Metaco to explore its unique propositions around multi-party computation key management technology for future projects as we continue our commitment to support clients storing and trading digital assets securely and at scale.”,neutral,0.16,0.84,0.0,positive,0.76,0.24,0.0,True,English,"['senior leadership team', 'Metaco', 'hardened, policy based crypto transaction signing', 'quantum-safe offline cloud cold storage', 'digital asset key management practice', 'Gene A. Grant II', 'MPC) key management solution', 'Hyper Protect Cloud services', 'complex digital asset use-cases', 'mission-critical digital asset custody', 'digital asset advisory practice', 'digital asset business lines', 'former IBM lead architect', 'former blockchain product manager', 'institutional digital asset services', 'MPC key shards', 'transaction services industry', 'digital asset industry', 'multiple patent owner', 'Chief Product Officer', 'product roadmap planning', 'business operating models', 'Digital Asset Infrastructure', 'client servicing models', 'senior, global roles', 'custody technology platform', 'Harmonize orchestration platform', 'maximum possible levels', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief Customer Officer', 'deep domain expertise', 'Angel Nunez Mencias', 'regulated top-tier banks', 'industry-leading custody solutions', 'first innovation priorities', 'proprietary multi-party computation', 'key new executives', 'Former global Head', 'hardware security modules', 'former executive', 'key personnel', 'institutional custody', 'digital assets', 'orchestration technology', 'customer services', 'client experience', 'unprecedented levels', 'highest levels', 'global financial', 'financial services', 'customer success', 'banking industry', 'executive team', 'new security', 'market-leading provider', 'lifecycle execution', 'strategic direction', 'prolific inventor', 'two decades', 'enterprise design', 'past 12 months', 'Katrin Koller', 'Rebecca Aspler', 'Li Powell', 'depth understanding', 'three decades', 'Adrien Treccani', 'leading companies', 'institutional demand', 'pivotal time', 'paradigm shift', 'crucial role', 'traditional finance', 'continued implementation', 'institutional needs', 'strategic partners', 'highest degree', 'differentiating position', 'attack surfaces', 'ideal partner', 'solid foundation', 'unique propositions', 'new research', 'leadership team', 'infrastructure solutions', 'Unbound Security', 'non-financial institutions', 'sustained growth', 'compliance standards', 'regulatory compliance', 'growth ambitions', 'addressable market', 'Peter DeMeo', 'computing giant', 'consultancy industries', 'development unit', 'Metaco Labs', 'Source', 'number', 'company', 'suite', 'software', 'consulting', 'clients', 'patents', 'corporates', 'startups', 'headcount', 'order', 'delivery', 'globe', 'Appointments', 'domains', 'fintech', 'Accenture', 'PayPal', 'Mei', 'Marketing', 'Communications', 'Citi', 'Euroclear', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'pace', 'future', 'additions', 'products', 'regulators', 'purpose', 'engineering', 'commitment', 'commercialization', 'scalability', 'flexibility', 'risk', 'LevelField', 'operations']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,finextra.com
17867,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SLIGRO-FOOD-GROUP-N-V-6438/news/Sligro-Food-N-Open-here-the-Convocation-for-the-AGM-on-22-March-2023-42919596/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Sligro Food N : Open here the Convocation for the AGM on 22 March 2023,(marketscreener.com)   General Meeting   Shareholders of Sligro Food Group N.V. are convened for the Annual General Meeting to be held at   10.30 a.m. on Wednesday 22 March 2023 at Corridor 11 Veghel .   The agenda specifies which items will be sub…,"General Meeting Shareholders of Sligro Food Group N.V. are convened for the Annual General Meeting to be held at 10.30 a.m. on Wednesday 22 March 2023 (the ""Meeting"") at Corridor 11 (5466 RB) Veghel (the ""Meeting""). The agenda specifies which items will be submitted to the Meeting for resolution. The other items are for information purposes only or for discussion with shareholders. Agenda Opening remarks and announcements Minutes of the General Meeting of Sligro Food Group N.V. of 23 March 2022 (already adopted) Executive Board report for the 2022 financial year Annual report and financial statements Advisory vote on the Remuneration Report (resolution) Presentation by the auditor on the audit of the financial statements Adoption of the 2022 financial statements (resolution) Provision and Dividend Policy Profit distribution for 2022 (resolution) Grant of full discharge from liability to the members of the Executive Board in respect of their management (resolution) Grant of full discharge from liability to the members of the Supervisory Board in respect of their supervision (resolution) Proposal for the amendment of the Remuneration Policy (resolution) Proposal to appoint Ernst & Young Accountants LLP as the company's auditor (resolution) Authorisation of the Executive Board to repurchase shares (resolution) Extension of the term of the Executive Board's authority to: issue shares (resolution) limit or exclude shareholders' pre-emptive rights in a share issue (resolution) Any other business and closing remarks The 2022 annual report and the full agenda with notes and appendices are available as from today on the Sligro Food Group N.V. website. (www.sligrofoodgroup.nl) These documents will also be available for inspection during office hours from today until the end of the Meeting  at the offices of Sligro Food Group N.V. (Corridor 11  5466 RB Veghel  +31 (0)413 34 35 and at Van Lanschot Kempen N.V. (Beethovenstraat 300  1077 WZ Amsterdam  +31 (0)20 348 95 55  email: proxyvoting@kempen.nl) free of charge. Registration date For this Meeting  anyone who is registered as a shareholder in a designated register or sub-register on 22 February 2023 (the 'Registration Date') after processing of all additions and removals as of that date  and who has also been registered in the manner detailed below  is considered entitled to vote and attend the meeting. The register and sub-register designated for this purpose is made up of the Page 1 of 3records of all institutions affiliated with the Dutch Central Securities Depository ('Euroclear Nederland') as defined in the Securities (Bank Giro Transactions) Act (Wet Giraal Effectenverkeer). Registration and representation Holders of shares who wish to attend the Meeting in person or by proxy can register in writing until 4 p.m. on 17 March 2023  through their bank  with Van Lanschot Kempen N.V. (by fax on +31 (0)20 348 95 49 or by email to proxyvoting@kempen.nl). This registration must be accompanied by a confirmation issued by the Euroclear Nederland-affiliated institution in whose records they are registered for the shares  showing that these shares are registered in their name on the Registration Date. Through their bank  these shareholders will receive a receipt that serves as an admission ticket to the Meeting. Proxies and voting instructions Holders of shares who do not wish to attend the Meeting in person may grant a written proxy and voting instructions to a third party to cast a vote on their behalf at the Meeting. In that case  the shareholder must register their shares in the manner described above and provide an electronic or paper copy of the proxy. Proxy and voting instruction forms are available free of charge from the Company (+31 (0)413 34 35 00) or on www.sligrofoodgroup.nl. The proxy must present the receipt and a copy of the proxy for the Meeting at the registration desk. Attendance registration Shareholders or their proxies can only exercise their voting and meeting rights at the Meeting if they are registered prior to the Meeting. This attendance registration will take place on the basis of the receipt at the entrance to the meeting room from 9.30 a.m. until the start of the Meeting. Upon request  shareholders or proxies shall provide valid identification. The Company's issued share capital and voting rights As at the date of the notice  the Company's issued share capital totals €2 655 300.90  consisting of 44 255 015 ordinary shares with a nominal value of €0.06 each. The number of voting rights as at that date amounts to 44 186 315 (68 700 shares repurchased). Asking questions before the meeting Shareholders who have registered on time in the manner detailed above will have the opportunity to ask questions about the items on the agenda as specified in this notice  fromMonday 13 March 2023 until Thursday 16 March 2023 and exclusively by email to AVA@sligro.nl .A selection of these questions will be answered at the Meeting  possibly by addressing certain themes to which multiple questions relate.Shareholders may submit no more than a total of 5 questions in advance.Questions submitted in advance must be in Dutch or English.Please specify the following for each question asked in advance and each question posed during the Meeting:the item on the agenda to which the question refers; the name of the shareholder in question; and  if the shareholder is not a natural person  the name of the natural person who is asking the question on behalf of the shareholder.By providing this information  you also grant permission for the information to be posted on the Sligro Food Group website. Page 2 of 3",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Sligro Food N', 'Convocation', 'AGM', '22 March', 'Sligro Food Group N.V. website', 'Van Lanschot Kempen N.V.', 'Dividend Policy Profit distribution', 'Dutch Central Securities Depository', 'Bank Giro Transactions) Act', '2022 financial year Annual report', 'financial statements Advisory vote', 'Young Accountants LLP', 'Wet Giraal Effectenverkeer', 'Euroclear Nederland-affiliated institution', 'voting instruction forms', 'Executive Board report', ""shareholders' pre-emptive rights"", 'Annual General Meeting', 'Attendance registration Shareholders', 'General Meeting Shareholders', '2022 annual report', '2022 financial statements', 'Remuneration Policy', 'Remuneration Report', 'Supervisory Board', 'voting rights', 'information purposes', 'full discharge', 'share issue', 'other business', 'office hours', '1077 WZ Amsterdam', 'third party', 'valid identification', 'share capital', 'nominal value', 'registration desk', 'meeting rights', 'closing remarks', 'paper copy', 'Wednesday 22 March', 'Monday 13 March', 'Registration date', 'other items', 'voting instructions', 'meeting room', 'full agenda', 'multiple questions', 'written proxy', '44,255,015 ordinary shares', '5466 RB Veghel', '23 March', '17 March', '5 questions', '68,700 shares', '10.30 a', 'Corridor', 'resolution', 'discussion', 'announcements', 'Minutes', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'Adoption', 'Provision', 'Grant', 'liability', 'members', 'respect', 'management', 'supervision', 'Proposal', 'amendment', 'Ernst', 'company', 'Authorisation', 'Extension', 'term', 'authority', 'notes', 'appendices', 'today', 'sligrofoodgroup', 'documents', 'inspection', 'offices', 'Beethovenstraat', 'email', 'nl', 'register', '22 February', 'processing', 'additions', 'removals', 'manner', 'Page', 'records', 'institutions', 'person', 'writing', 'fax', 'confirmation', 'name', 'receipt', 'ticket', 'Proxies', 'behalf', 'case', 'electronic', 'www', 'place', 'basis', 'entrance', '9.30 a', 'start', 'request', 'notice', 'number', 'time', 'opportunity', 'Thursday', 'AVA', 'selection', 'themes', 'total', 'advan']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17868,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2602596/0/en/Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting,eQ Plc Stock Exchange Release7 February 2023  at 8:30 am               Notice of the Annual General Meeting 2023      Notice is given to the...,English FinnisheQ Plc Stock Exchange Release7 February 2023  at 8:30 amNotice of the Annual General Meeting 2023Notice is given to the shareholders of eQ Plc to the Annual General Meeting (the “AGM”) to be held on 27 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. at Sanoma House’s Eliel meeting room  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 4:30 p.m. at the meeting venue.The AGM will be held as a hybrid meeting in accordance with chapter 5  section 16  subsection 2 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. As an alternative to participating in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue  shareholders can fully exercise their rights during the meeting also via remote connection. Instructions for remote participation are presented in part C of this notice to the AGM.We encourage our shareholders to participate in eQ Plc's AGM via remote connection. There is no food or drink service at the meeting.Shareholders can ask questions referred to in chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act about the matters to be discussed at the meeting  also in writing before the meeting. Instructions for submitting written questions are presented in part C of this invitation to the AGM.A. Matters on the agenda of the AGMAt the AGM  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and persons to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and auditors' report for the year 2022- Presentation of the review by the CEOThe annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and the auditors’ report published by the Company will be available no later than 3 March 2023 on the Company’s website www.eq.fi .7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividend and resolution on the distribution of the assets from the invested unrestricted equity fundThe distributable means of the parent company on 31 December 2022 totalled EUR 65 947 885.52. The sum consisted of retained earnings of EUR 40 741 192.96 and the means in the reserve of invested unrestricted equity of EUR 25 206 692.56.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.91 per share be paid out. The proposal corresponds to a dividend totalling EUR 36 791 025.18 calculated with the number of shares at the close of the financial year. Additionally  the Board proposes to the AGM that an equity repayment of EUR 0.09 per share be paid out from the reserve of invested unrestricted equity. The proposal corresponds to an equity repayment totalling EUR 3 638 672.82 calculated with the number of shares at the close of the financial year. The dividend and equity repayment shall be paid to those who are registered as shareholders in eQ Plc's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date 29 March 2023. The Board proposes 5 April 2023 as the payment date of the dividend and equity repayment.After the end of the financial period  no essential changes have taken place in the financial position of the company. The Board of Directors feel that the proposed distribution of dividend and equity repayment do not endanger the liquidity of the company.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 1 January – 31 December 202210. Handling of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors presents the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies to the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies shall be published together with the Annual Report by a stock exchange release and it will be available on the company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset no later than 3 March 2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  propose that the Chair of the Board of Directors receives 5 000 euros per month  Vice Chair of the Board of Directors receives 4 000 euros per month and the members of the Board of Directors receive 3 000 euros per month. In addition  a compensation of 750 euros per meeting is proposed to be paid for all the Board members for each attended Board meeting and travel and accommodation expenses are reimbursed according to the effectual guidelines of eQ Plc.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the number of the Board members remain unchanged  i.e. that six persons be on the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the composition of the Board remains unchanged  i.e. that the current Board members Nicolas Berner  Georg Ehrnrooth  Timo Kokkila  Lotta Kopra  Janne Larma and Tomas von Rettig are re-elected to the Board of Directors. The term of office of the Board members ends at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.All nominees have given their consent to the proposal. In addition  the nominees have indicated that on selection  they will select Janne Larma as Chair of the Board of Directors and Georg Ehrnrooth as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors.Member candidates' resumes and independence assessments are available on the company's website: www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset .14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor to be elected be paid remuneration according to the auditor's invoice approved by eQ Plc.15. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors proposes  that for a term ending at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024  Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab be elected auditor of the Company. The auditor has stated that the auditor with main responsibility will be Tuomas Ilveskoski  APA.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorises the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue or share issues and/or the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  comprising a maximum total of 3 500 000 new shares. The amount of the proposed authorisation corresponds to approximately 8.66 per cent of all shares in the Company at the time of this Notice of the AGM.The authorisation is proposed to be used in order to finance or carry out potential acquisitions or other business transactions  to strengthen the balance sheet and the financial position of the Company  to fulfill Company’s incentive schemes or to any other purposes decided by the Board. It is proposed that based on the authorization  the Board decides on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  including the recipients of the shares or the special rights entitling to shares and the amount of the consideration to be paid. Therefore  based on the authorisation  shares or special rights entitling to shares may also be issued directed i.e. in deviation of the shareholders pre-emptive rights as described in the Companies Act. A share issue may also be executed without payment in accordance with the preconditions set out in the Companies Act.The authorisation will cancel all previous authorisations to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares and is effective until the next Annual General Meeting  however no more than 18 months.17. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the Articles of Association of eQ Plc be updated with section-specific headings for all items  the field of activity be specified and the possibility to organise a meeting without a physical meeting venue be added  and participation in the General Meeting be made possible via a remote connection.The new Articles of Association in their entirety:The Articles of Association1 § Business name and domicileThe name of the company is eQ Oyj in Finnish  eQ Abp in Swedish  and eQ Plc in English. The domicile of the company is Helsinki.2 § Field of activityThe company's field of activity is to own investment service providers  fund management companies and other companies operating in financial sector and to take care of all related administrative duties. In addition  the company may own securities and engage in other investment operations.3 § Book-entry systemThe Company’s shares are included in the book-entry system for securities.4 § Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors is responsible for the company’s administration and appropriate organisation of the company’s operations. The Board of Directors consists of a minimum of five (5) and a maximum of seven (7) members. The Board of Directors shall elect a Chair from among its members and convene when summoned by the Chair. The Chair shall summon the Board of Directors  if a member of the Board of Directors or the Managing Directors so requests. The Board of Directors constitutes a quorum when more than half of its members are present. Matters are decided by a simple majority of votes. In cases where votes are evenly divided  the Chair shall have the deciding vote  and in the election of the Chair the decision is made by drawing lots. The term of the members of the Board of Directors extends to the close of the Annual General Meeting following the election.5 § Chief Executive Officer (CEO)The company shall have a CEO  who is appointed by the Board of Directors.6 § Right of representationThe company is represented by two members of the Board of Directors jointly  the CEO alone or the person or persons authorised by the Board of Directors.7 § AuditorThe General Meeting shall elect one (1) auditor to audit the company administration and accounts. The auditor shall be an audit firm certified by the Finland Chamber of Commerce. The term of the auditor is the accounting period  and it ends at the close of the first Annual General Meeting following the election.8 § Financial periodThe accounting period of the company begins on 1 January and ends on 31 December.9 § Notice of the General Meeting of Shareholders  participation and meeting venueNotice of a General Meeting shall be delivered to the shareholders no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the meeting  but in any case at the latest nine (9) days before the record date of the General Meeting  by publishing it in a company website and as a stock exchange release. In order to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder shall inform the company of his/her attendance no later than on the date mentioned in the notice of the meeting  which is determined by the Board of Directors. This date may not be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the meeting.The Board of Directors may decide that the shareholders may also attend the General Meeting in such a way that a shareholder exercises his/her right to vote and speak by using a data communication connection and a technical device before or during the General Meeting.The Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting is organised without a meeting venue so that the shareholders fully exercise their right to vote and speak in real-time by using a telecommunications connection and a technical device during the meeting.10 § Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting shall be held annually by the end of May on a day determined by the Board of Directors.The Meeting shallreview:1. the financial statements  comprising the consolidated financial statements and the annual report;2. the Auditors’ Report;decide on:3. the approval of the financial statements;4. the use of the profit shown in the balance sheet;5. discharging the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director from liability;6. the number of members on the Board of Directors;7. the remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor;elect:8. the members of the Board of Directors  and9. the auditor.18. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the AGMThe above mentioned decision proposals of the Board of Directors and the shareholders on the agenda of the AGM as well as this notice are available to shareholders on eQ Plc's website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset . eQ Plc's Annual Report  containing the Company's annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditors' report together with the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies is available on the said website no later than 3 March 2023. The proposals of the Board of Directors and the shareholders for resolutions and other previously mentioned documents will also be available at the AGM.The Minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the company’s website no later than 10 April 2023.C. Instructions to the participants of the AGM1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting 15 March 2023 in the Company’s register held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is automatically registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Registration for the AGM will begin on 20 February 2023. A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  must register for the AGM no later than 20 March 2023 by 4:00 pm by which time the registrations must be received. Shareholders may register to the meeting:a) Via the website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokouksetOnline registration require that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) By email agm@innovatics.fi or by mailA shareholder who registers by mail or email shall send registration form available on the Company’s website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail to Innovatics Oy  Annual General Meeting / eQ Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email at agm@innovatics.fi .When registering  shareholders shall provide requested information  such as their name  date of birth or Business ID  address  telephone number  email address and the name of any assistant or proxy representative and the date of birth of any proxy representative. In addition  the shareholder shall inform whether the shareholder or its representative will participate in the AGM at the meeting place or via a remote connection. The personal data given by the shareholder to the Company or Innovatics Oy will be used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.The shareholder and his/her representative or proxy must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting place  if necessary.Additional information on the registration is available during the registration period by telephone from Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on business days during 9:00 am until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 pm until 4:00 pm.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she on the record date of the Annual General Meeting 15 March 2023 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. Participation in the AGM also requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares in the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 22 March 2023 by 10:00 am. As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the AGM. Changes in the ownership of shares after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the AGM nor the number of votes of the shareholder.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian. The account manager of the custodian shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  in the shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above.Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset .3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Proxy representatives must use strong electronic authentication when registering for the meeting online  after which they can register on behalf of the shareholder they represent. Proxy representative of the shareholder shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the suomi.fi e-authorisations service  which is in use in the online registration service.An example of the proxy document and voting instructions (in Finnish) is available at the Company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset on 17 February 2023  9:00 am  the latest. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.The possible proxy documents should be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with electronic registration or alternatively to agm@innovatics.fi before the closing of the registration. In addition to the delivery of proxies  the shareholder or his/her proxy must take care of registering for the AGM as described above in this notice.Shareholders that are legal entities may also  as an alternative to traditional proxy authorisation documents  use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service for authorising their proxy representatives. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering for the AGM in the virtual general meeting service provided by Inderes Plc  authorised representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is automatically verified. The strong electronic authentication takes place with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorisations .4. Remote participation in the meetingA shareholder who has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting can participate in the meeting and use his/her rights in full during the meeting not only by participating in the AGM at the meeting venue but also via remote connection.The shareholder's or proxy's notification of participation in the AGM via remote connection is binding  and the shareholder or proxy does not have the right to change the method of participation or participate in the meeting at the meeting place after the registration period has expired. However  the shareholder's representative's notification of participation via remote connection does not limit the right of shareholder's other representatives to participate in the meeting at the meeting place.A shareholder or proxy who has registered to participate in the AGM at the meeting venue can change their participation to remote participation. There is no need to inform the company about this separately. Remote participation takes place via the remote participation link sent to the phone number and/or email address provided when registering for the AGM.The remote connection to the AGM is provided through Inderes Plc's virtual general meeting service on the Videosync platform  which includes a video and audio connection to the Annual General Meeting. Using the remote connection does not require paid software or downloads. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for sound reproduction and a microphone for asking oral questions or speaking turns. To participate  it is recommended to use the latest versions of the most common browser programs in use.The participation link and password for remote participation will be sent by email and/or text message to the email address and/or mobile phone number provided during registration to all those registered for the Annual General Meeting no later than the day before the meeting. Therefore  even shareholders who have physically registered for the AGM can  if they wish  participate in the AGM remotely using a telecommunications connection. It is recommended to log into the meeting system well in advance of the meeting's start time.More detailed information about the general meeting service can be found on the company's website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset . The link to test the compatibility of a computer  smartphone or tablet and the network connection can be found at https://flik.videosync.fi/katsoja-testi . It is recommended that you familiarise yourself with the more detailed participation instructions before the start of the AGM.5. Other instructions/informationThe meeting shall be held in Finnish.Shareholders who are present at the meeting shall have a right to present questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting.A shareholder may present questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting by 13 March 2023 at 4:00 pm at the online registration service or by email to eQ.Yhtiokokous@eq.fi . The company’s management generally answers such questions submitted in writing in advance at the AGM or no later than two weeks after the general meeting on the company's website. When asking a question  the shareholder must provide a sufficient explanation of his/her share ownership.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the AGM do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the shareholder's number of votes.On the date of this notice  7 February 2023  the total number of eQ Plc's shares and votes is 40 429 698. The Company does not hold its own shares.Helsinki  7 February 2023eQ PlcBoard of DirectorsAdditional information: Juha Surve  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 9 6817 8733Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki  www.eQ.fieQ Group is a Finnish group of companies specialising in asset management and corporate finance business. eQ Asset Management offers a wide range of asset management services (including private equity funds and real estate asset management) for institutions and individuals. The assets managed by the Group total approximately EUR 12.3 billion. Advium Corporate Finance  which is part of the Group  offers services related to mergers and acquisitions  real estate transactions and equity capital markets.More information about the Group is available on our website at www.eQ.fi.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Eliel meeting room', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Remuneration Report', 'English Finnish', 'annual accounts', 'Annual Report', 'eQ Plc', 'equity repayment', 'Sanoma House', 'remote connection', 'remote participation', 'part C', 'drink service', 'balance sheet', 'shareholder register', 'record date', 'financial period', 'essential changes', 'financial position', '60 per cent', 'accommodation expenses', 'effectual guidelines', ""auditors' report"", 'auditors’ report', 'meeting venue', 'hybrid meeting', 'financial year', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'The Board', 'written questions', 'distributable means', 'payment date', 'outstanding shares', 'Vice Chair', 'The AGM', 'Governing Bodies', 'six persons', 'parent company', 'Board meeting', 'Board members', '7 February', 'Notice', 'shareholders', '27 March', '00100 Helsinki', 'reception', 'accordance', 'chapter', 'section', 'alternative', 'rights', 'Instructions', 'food', 'writing', 'invitation', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'review', 'CEO', '3 March', 'website', 'Resolution', 'profit', 'distribution', 'assets', '31 December', 'sum', 'earnings', 'reserve', 'proposal', 'number', 'close', '5 April', 'place', 'liquidity', 'discharge', 'January', 'Handling', 'eq-group', 'hallinnointi', '5,000 euros', 'month', '4,000 euros', '3,000 euros', 'addition', 'compensation', '750 euros', 'travel', '8:30', '5:00', '4:30', '2022']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,globenewswire.com
17869,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EQ-OYJ-1412428/news/Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-42914287/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Notice of the Annual General Meeting,(marketscreener.com) eQ Plc Stock Exchange Release7 February 2023  at 8:30 am Notice of the Annual General Meeting 2023 Notice is given to the shareholders of eQ Plc to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 27 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. at Sanoma House’s Elie…,eQ Plc Stock Exchange Release7 February 2023  at 8:30 amNotice of the Annual General Meeting 2023Notice is given to the shareholders of eQ Plc to the Annual General Meeting (the “AGM”) to be held on 27 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. at Sanoma House’s Eliel meeting room  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 4:30 p.m. at the meeting venue.The AGM will be held as a hybrid meeting in accordance with chapter 5  section 16  subsection 2 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. As an alternative to participating in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue  shareholders can fully exercise their rights during the meeting also via remote connection. Instructions for remote participation are presented in part C of this notice to the AGM.We encourage our shareholders to participate in eQ Plc's AGM via remote connection. There is no food or drink service at the meeting.Shareholders can ask questions referred to in chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act about the matters to be discussed at the meeting  also in writing before the meeting. Instructions for submitting written questions are presented in part C of this invitation to the AGM.A. Matters on the agenda of the AGMAt the AGM  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and persons to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and auditors' report for the year 2022- Presentation of the review by the CEOThe annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and the auditors’ report published by the Company will be available no later than 3 March 2023 on the Company’s website www.eq.fi .7. Adoption of the annual accounts8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividend and resolution on the distribution of the assets from the invested unrestricted equity fundThe distributable means of the parent company on 31 December 2022 totalled EUR 65 947 885.52. The sum consisted of retained earnings of EUR 40 741 192.96 and the means in the reserve of invested unrestricted equity of EUR 25 206 692.56.The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.91 per share be paid out. The proposal corresponds to a dividend totalling EUR 36 791 025.18 calculated with the number of shares at the close of the financial year. Additionally  the Board proposes to the AGM that an equity repayment of EUR 0.09 per share be paid out from the reserve of invested unrestricted equity. The proposal corresponds to an equity repayment totalling EUR 3 638 672.82 calculated with the number of shares at the close of the financial year. The dividend and equity repayment shall be paid to those who are registered as shareholders in eQ Plc's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date 29 March 2023. The Board proposes 5 April 2023 as the payment date of the dividend and equity repayment.After the end of the financial period  no essential changes have taken place in the financial position of the company. The Board of Directors feel that the proposed distribution of dividend and equity repayment do not endanger the liquidity of the company.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 1 January – 31 December 202210. Handling of the Remuneration Report for Governing BodiesThe Board of Directors presents the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies to the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies shall be published together with the Annual Report by a stock exchange release and it will be available on the company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset no later than 3 March 2023.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  propose that the Chair of the Board of Directors receives 5 000 euros per month  Vice Chair of the Board of Directors receives 4 000 euros per month and the members of the Board of Directors receive 3 000 euros per month. In addition  a compensation of 750 euros per meeting is proposed to be paid for all the Board members for each attended Board meeting and travel and accommodation expenses are reimbursed according to the effectual guidelines of eQ Plc.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the number of the Board members remain unchanged  i.e. that six persons be on the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsShareholders  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the composition of the Board remains unchanged  i.e. that the current Board members Nicolas Berner  Georg Ehrnrooth  Timo Kokkila  Lotta Kopra  Janne Larma and Tomas von Rettig are re-elected to the Board of Directors. The term of office of the Board members ends at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.All nominees have given their consent to the proposal. In addition  the nominees have indicated that on selection  they will select Janne Larma as Chair of the Board of Directors and Georg Ehrnrooth as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors.Member candidates' resumes and independence assessments are available on the company's website: www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset .14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditorThe Board of Directors proposes that the auditor to be elected be paid remuneration according to the auditor's invoice approved by eQ Plc.15. Election of auditorThe Board of Directors proposes  that for a term ending at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024  Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab be elected auditor of the Company. The auditor has stated that the auditor with main responsibility will be Tuomas Ilveskoski  APA.16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorises the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue or share issues and/or the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  comprising a maximum total of 3 500 000 new shares. The amount of the proposed authorisation corresponds to approximately 8.66 per cent of all shares in the Company at the time of this Notice of the AGM.The authorisation is proposed to be used in order to finance or carry out potential acquisitions or other business transactions  to strengthen the balance sheet and the financial position of the Company  to fulfill Company’s incentive schemes or to any other purposes decided by the Board. It is proposed that based on the authorization  the Board decides on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  including the recipients of the shares or the special rights entitling to shares and the amount of the consideration to be paid. Therefore  based on the authorisation  shares or special rights entitling to shares may also be issued directed i.e. in deviation of the shareholders pre-emptive rights as described in the Companies Act. A share issue may also be executed without payment in accordance with the preconditions set out in the Companies Act.The authorisation will cancel all previous authorisations to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares and is effective until the next Annual General Meeting  however no more than 18 months.17. Amendment of the Articles of AssociationThe Board of Directors proposes that the Articles of Association of eQ Plc be updated with section-specific headings for all items  the field of activity be specified and the possibility to organise a meeting without a physical meeting venue be added  and participation in the General Meeting be made possible via a remote connection.The new Articles of Association in their entirety:The Articles of Association1 § Business name and domicileThe name of the company is eQ Oyj in Finnish  eQ Abp in Swedish  and eQ Plc in English. The domicile of the company is Helsinki.2 § Field of activityThe company's field of activity is to own investment service providers  fund management companies and other companies operating in financial sector and to take care of all related administrative duties. In addition  the company may own securities and engage in other investment operations.3 § Book-entry systemThe Company’s shares are included in the book-entry system for securities.4 § Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors is responsible for the company’s administration and appropriate organisation of the company’s operations. The Board of Directors consists of a minimum of five (5) and a maximum of seven (7) members. The Board of Directors shall elect a Chair from among its members and convene when summoned by the Chair. The Chair shall summon the Board of Directors  if a member of the Board of Directors or the Managing Directors so requests. The Board of Directors constitutes a quorum when more than half of its members are present. Matters are decided by a simple majority of votes. In cases where votes are evenly divided  the Chair shall have the deciding vote  and in the election of the Chair the decision is made by drawing lots. The term of the members of the Board of Directors extends to the close of the Annual General Meeting following the election.5 § Chief Executive Officer (CEO)The company shall have a CEO  who is appointed by the Board of Directors.6 § Right of representationThe company is represented by two members of the Board of Directors jointly  the CEO alone or the person or persons authorised by the Board of Directors.7 § AuditorThe General Meeting shall elect one (1) auditor to audit the company administration and accounts. The auditor shall be an audit firm certified by the Finland Chamber of Commerce. The term of the auditor is the accounting period  and it ends at the close of the first Annual General Meeting following the election.8 § Financial periodThe accounting period of the company begins on 1 January and ends on 31 December.9 § Notice of the General Meeting of Shareholders  participation and meeting venueNotice of a General Meeting shall be delivered to the shareholders no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the meeting  but in any case at the latest nine (9) days before the record date of the General Meeting  by publishing it in a company website and as a stock exchange release. In order to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder shall inform the company of his/her attendance no later than on the date mentioned in the notice of the meeting  which is determined by the Board of Directors. This date may not be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the meeting.The Board of Directors may decide that the shareholders may also attend the General Meeting in such a way that a shareholder exercises his/her right to vote and speak by using a data communication connection and a technical device before or during the General Meeting.The Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting is organised without a meeting venue so that the shareholders fully exercise their right to vote and speak in real-time by using a telecommunications connection and a technical device during the meeting.10 § Annual General MeetingThe Annual General Meeting shall be held annually by the end of May on a day determined by the Board of Directors.The Meeting shallreview:1. the financial statements  comprising the consolidated financial statements and the annual report;2. the Auditors’ Report;decide on:3. the approval of the financial statements;4. the use of the profit shown in the balance sheet;5. discharging the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director from liability;6. the number of members on the Board of Directors;7. the remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor;elect:8. the members of the Board of Directors  and9. the auditor.18. Closing of the meetingB. Documents of the AGMThe above mentioned decision proposals of the Board of Directors and the shareholders on the agenda of the AGM as well as this notice are available to shareholders on eQ Plc's website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset . eQ Plc's Annual Report  containing the Company's annual accounts  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditors' report together with the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies is available on the said website no later than 3 March 2023. The proposals of the Board of Directors and the shareholders for resolutions and other previously mentioned documents will also be available at the AGM.The Minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the company’s website no later than 10 April 2023.C. Instructions to the participants of the AGM1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who is registered on the record date of the Annual General Meeting 15 March 2023 in the Company’s register held by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is automatically registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Registration for the AGM will begin on 20 February 2023. A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company and who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  must register for the AGM no later than 20 March 2023 by 4:00 pm by which time the registrations must be received. Shareholders may register to the meeting:a) Via the website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokouksetOnline registration require that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish or Swedish bank ID or mobile certificate.b) By email agm@innovatics.fi or by mailA shareholder who registers by mail or email shall send registration form available on the Company’s website at www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset or corresponding information to Innovatics Oy by mail to Innovatics Oy  Annual General Meeting / eQ Oyj  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email at agm@innovatics.fi .When registering  shareholders shall provide requested information  such as their name  date of birth or Business ID  address  telephone number  email address and the name of any assistant or proxy representative and the date of birth of any proxy representative. In addition  the shareholder shall inform whether the shareholder or its representative will participate in the AGM at the meeting place or via a remote connection. The personal data given by the shareholder to the Company or Innovatics Oy will be used only in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations.The shareholder and his/her representative or proxy must be able to prove their identity and/or right of representation at the meeting place  if necessary.Additional information on the registration is available during the registration period by telephone from Innovatics Oy at +358 10 2818 909 on business days during 9:00 am until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 pm until 4:00 pm.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she on the record date of the Annual General Meeting 15 March 2023 would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company held by Euroclear Finland Oy. Participation in the AGM also requires that the shareholder has been registered on the basis of such shares in the temporary shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 22 March 2023 by 10:00 am. As regards nominee-registered shares this constitutes due registration for the AGM. Changes in the ownership of shares after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the AGM nor the number of votes of the shareholder.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request without delay the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions and registration for the Annual General Meeting from his/her custodian. The account manager of the custodian shall temporarily register a holder of nominee-registered shares  who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting  in the shareholders’ register of the Company at the latest by the time stated above.Further information on these matters can also be found on the Company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset .3. Proxy representatives and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise its rights at the meeting by way of proxy representation. Proxy representatives must use strong electronic authentication when registering for the meeting online  after which they can register on behalf of the shareholder they represent. Proxy representative of the shareholder shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the suomi.fi e-authorisations service  which is in use in the online registration service.An example of the proxy document and voting instructions (in Finnish) is available at the Company’s website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset on 17 February 2023  9:00 am  the latest. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration.The possible proxy documents should be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with electronic registration or alternatively to agm@innovatics.fi before the closing of the registration. In addition to the delivery of proxies  the shareholder or his/her proxy must take care of registering for the AGM as described above in this notice.Shareholders that are legal entities may also  as an alternative to traditional proxy authorisation documents  use the electronic Suomi.fi authorisation service for authorising their proxy representatives. The representative is mandated in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorisation topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). When registering for the AGM in the virtual general meeting service provided by Inderes Plc  authorised representatives shall identify themselves with strong electronic authentication  after which the electronic mandate is automatically verified. The strong electronic authentication takes place with personal online banking credentials or a mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorisations .4. Remote participation in the meetingA shareholder who has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting can participate in the meeting and use his/her rights in full during the meeting not only by participating in the AGM at the meeting venue but also via remote connection.The shareholder's or proxy's notification of participation in the AGM via remote connection is binding  and the shareholder or proxy does not have the right to change the method of participation or participate in the meeting at the meeting place after the registration period has expired. However  the shareholder's representative's notification of participation via remote connection does not limit the right of shareholder's other representatives to participate in the meeting at the meeting place.A shareholder or proxy who has registered to participate in the AGM at the meeting venue can change their participation to remote participation. There is no need to inform the company about this separately. Remote participation takes place via the remote participation link sent to the phone number and/or email address provided when registering for the AGM.The remote connection to the AGM is provided through Inderes Plc's virtual general meeting service on the Videosync platform  which includes a video and audio connection to the Annual General Meeting. Using the remote connection does not require paid software or downloads. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for sound reproduction and a microphone for asking oral questions or speaking turns. To participate  it is recommended to use the latest versions of the most common browser programs in use.The participation link and password for remote participation will be sent by email and/or text message to the email address and/or mobile phone number provided during registration to all those registered for the Annual General Meeting no later than the day before the meeting. Therefore  even shareholders who have physically registered for the AGM can  if they wish  participate in the AGM remotely using a telecommunications connection. It is recommended to log into the meeting system well in advance of the meeting's start time.More detailed information about the general meeting service can be found on the company's website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset . The link to test the compatibility of a computer  smartphone or tablet and the network connection can be found at https://flik.videosync.fi/katsoja-testi . It is recommended that you familiarise yourself with the more detailed participation instructions before the start of the AGM.5. Other instructions/informationThe meeting shall be held in Finnish.Shareholders who are present at the meeting shall have a right to present questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting.A shareholder may present questions referred to in Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act with respect to the matters to be considered at the Annual General Meeting by 13 March 2023 at 4:00 pm at the online registration service or by email to eQ.Yhtiokokous@eq.fi . The company’s management generally answers such questions submitted in writing in advance at the AGM or no later than two weeks after the general meeting on the company's website. When asking a question  the shareholder must provide a sufficient explanation of his/her share ownership.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the AGM do not affect the right to participate in the meeting or the shareholder's number of votes.On the date of this notice  7 February 2023  the total number of eQ Plc's shares and votes is 40 429 698. The Company does not hold its own shares.Helsinki  7 February 2023eQ PlcBoard of DirectorsAdditional information: Juha Surve  Group General Counsel  tel. +358 9 6817 8733Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki  www.eQ.fieQ Group is a Finnish group of companies specialising in asset management and corporate finance business. eQ Asset Management offers a wide range of asset management services (including private equity funds and real estate asset management) for institutions and individuals. The assets managed by the Group total approximately EUR 12.3 billion. Advium Corporate Finance  which is part of the Group  offers services related to mergers and acquisitions  real estate transactions and equity capital markets.More information about the Group is available on our website at www.eQ.fi.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.03,0.3,0.67,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Eliel meeting room', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'Annual General Meeting', 'The Remuneration Report', 'annual accounts', 'Annual Report', 'eQ Plc', 'equity repayment', 'Sanoma House', 'remote connection', 'remote participation', 'part C', 'drink service', 'balance sheet', 'shareholder register', 'record date', 'financial period', 'essential changes', 'financial position', 'Governing Bodies', '60 per cent', 'accommodation expenses', 'effectual guidelines', ""auditors' report"", 'auditors’ report', 'meeting venue', 'hybrid meeting', 'financial year', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'The Board', 'written questions', 'distributable means', 'payment date', 'outstanding shares', 'Vice Chair', 'The AGM', 'six persons', 'parent company', 'Board meeting', 'Board members', '7 February', 'Notice', 'shareholders', '27 March', '00100 Helsinki', 'reception', 'accordance', 'chapter', 'section', 'alternative', 'rights', 'Instructions', 'food', 'writing', 'invitation', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'review', 'CEO', '3 March', 'website', 'Resolution', 'profit', 'distribution', 'assets', '31 December', 'sum', 'earnings', 'reserve', 'proposal', 'number', 'close', '5 April', 'place', 'liquidity', 'discharge', 'Handling', 'eq-group', 'hallinnointi', '5,000 euros', 'month', '4,000 euros', '3,000 euros', 'addition', 'compensation', '750 euros', 'travel', '8:30', '5:00', '4:30', '2022']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17870,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONAV-NV-5984/news/Euronav-CONVENING-NOTICE-FOR-THE-SPECIAL-SHAREHOLDERS-MEETINGS-Form-6-K-42915823/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Euronav : CONVENING NOTICE FOR THE SPECIAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS - Form 6-K,(marketscreener.com)   CONVENING NOTICE FOR THE SPECIAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS   The supervisory board invites the shareholders to attend the special shareholders' meeting  to be held at 2000 Antwerp  Schaliënstraat 3  on Thursday 23 March 2023  at 2 p.m…,"Euronav : CONVENING NOTICE FOR THE SPECIAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS - Form 6-K 02/07/2023 | 04:49am EST Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields CONVENING NOTICE FOR THE SPECIAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS The supervisory board invites the shareholders to attend the special shareholders' meeting  to be held at 2000 Antwerp  Schaliënstraat 3  on Thursday 23 March 2023  at 2 p.m. Belgian time  to deliberate on the agenda mentioned below containing proposed decisions. The special shareholders' meeting shall validly deliberate and decide on Thursday 23 March 2023  irrespective of the portion of the capital present or represented by the shareholders at the meeting. Prior explanatory note On 16 January 2023  the Company received a request pursuant to Article 7:126 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations from CMB NV  as shareholder owning more than 10% of the outstanding shares of the Company  to convene a shareholders' meeting with the agenda items and decisions proposed by CMB NV (being items 1 through 3 set forth below). Agenda of the special shareholders' meeting 1 Dismissal of members of the Supervisory Board Proposed decisions by CMB NV pursuant to Article 7:126 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations (each proposed decision to be made subject to a separate vote): ""1.1 The general meeting resolves to terminate the mandate of Mrs. Anne-Hélène Monsellato as member of the Supervisory Board with immediate effect. 1 1.2 The general meeting resolves to terminate the mandate of Mrs. Grace Reksten Skaugen as member of the Supervisory Board with immediate effect. 1.3 The general meeting resolves to terminate the mandate of Mr. Steven Smith as member of the Supervisory Board with immediate effect. 1.4 The general meeting resolves to terminate the mandate of Mrs. Anita Odedra as member of the Supervisory Board with immediate effect. 1.5 The general meeting resolves to terminate the mandate of Mr. Carl Trowell as member of the Supervisory Board with immediate effect."" 2 Appointment of members of the Supervisory Board Proposed decisions by CMB NV pursuant to Article 7:126 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations (each proposed decision to be made subject to a separate vote): ""2.1 The general meeting resolves to appoint Mr. Marc Saverys as non-independent member of the Supervisory Board  until and including the ordinary general meeting to be held in 2026. Mr. Marc Saverys holds a degree in law from the University of Ghent. In In 1975 he joined Bocimar's chartering department  the dry bulk division of the CMB Group. In 1985 he left Bocimar and became Managing Director of Exmar  which at that time became a diversified shipowning company  where he was in charge of the drybulk division. He became a director of CMB Group in 1991 and was Managing Director of CMB Group from April 1992 through September 2014 when he was appointed as chairman. During the period from 2003 through July 2014  he served as the Chairman of the Board of Euronav  and served as a Vice-Chairman of the Board of Euronav from July 2014 until December 2015. 2.2 The general meeting resolves to appoint Mr. Patrick De Brabandere as non-independent member of the Supervisory Board until and including the ordinary general meeting to be held in 2026. Mr. Patrick De Brabandere holds a degree in Applied Economic Sciences from UCL Louvain-la Neuve. He started his career at the audit firm Arthur Andersen. In 1987  he joined Almabo  the former holding company of the Saverys family  as Project Controller. He became CFO of CMB NV in 1998 and was appointed director of CMB NV in 2002. In 2003  following the partial demerger of Exmar NV from CMB NV  he became director and CFO of Exmar NV  then COO. In 2020 he became CFO of Exmar NV again until June 2022. He currently is a director of CMB NV and he also sits on the board of CMB.TECH NV since April 2021. 2.3 The general meeting resolves to appoint Mrs. Julie De Nul as independent member of the Supervisory Board  until and including the ordinary general meeting to be held in 2026. Mrs. Julie De Nul holds a Master's degree in law from the University of Ghent. She is CEO of Jan De Nul Dredging NV since 2020 and has been a member of the board of directors of Jan De Nul NV since 2010. From 2007 to 2010  she was Legal Counsel at Office Belgium. She is currently also a member of the board of directors of VCB (the Flemish Construction Confederation)  VOKA (the Flanders' Chamber of Commerce and Industry) and Museum Dr. Guislain Ghent. 2 The general meeting acknowledges that Mrs. Julie De Nul can be considered independent under Belgian law  on the basis of the information provided (see Annex 3 to the letter of CMB NV of 16 January 2023). 2.4 The general meeting resolves to appoint Mrs. Catharina Scheers as independent member of the Supervisory Board  until and including the ordinary general meeting to be held in 2026. Mrs. Catharina Scheers holds a Master's degree in Communication and Media from KU Leuven and a Bachelor's degree in Political and Social Science from the University of Antwerp. She started her career with Fast Lines in 1993. She is the owner and managing director of Fast Lines Belgium and has been appointed Chair of the company since 2003. She is currently also a member of the board of directors of ASF (Antwerp Shipping Federation)  a member of the board of BRABO and a member of WISTA (Women's International Shipping and Trading Association). In 2021  Mrs. Catharina Scheers received the ESPA ""Maritime Figure of the Year"" award. The general meeting acknowledges that Mrs. Catharine Scheers can be considered independent under Belgian law  on the basis of the information provided (see Annex 3 to the letter of CMB NV of 16 January 2023). 2.5 The general meeting resolves to appoint Mr. Patrick Molis as independent member of the Supervisory Board  until and including the ordinary general meeting to be held in 2026. Mr. Patrick Molis graduated from the Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris and holds a Master's degree in law from Paris X Nanterre. He started his career as a Magistrate at the Cour des Comptes. Mr. Patrick Molis was General Manager of Union Normande Investissement (1989-1992)  CFO of Worms & Cie Group (1994-1997)  General Manager of Compagnie Nationale de Navigation (1995-1998)  Chairman of the Board of Compagnie du Ponant (2012-2015) and Chairman and CEO of Héli-Union (2013-2022). He is currently Chairman of Compagnie Nationale de Navigation (since 1998) and director of Sabena Technics. He has previously served as member of the board of directors of Euronav Luxembourg (1995-2001)  Euronav (2004-2010)  Compagnie Maritime Nantaise (1995-2017)  Compagnie Méridionale de Navigation (2008-2022) and of the Conseil d'orientation du Domaine national de Chambord (2007-2017). Mr. Patrick Molis has been awarded the titles of Knight of the Legion of Honour and Officer of the Order of Merit. The general meeting acknowledges that Mr. Patrick Molis can be considered independent under Belgian law  on the basis of the information provided (see Annex 3 to the letter of CMB NV of 16 January 2023)."" 3 3 Proxy Crossroad Bank for Enterprises  counters for enterprises  registers of the enterprise court  administrative agencies and fiscal administrations Proposed decision by CMB NV pursuant to Article 7:126 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations: ""The general meeting resolves to grant authority to Mrs. Sofie Lemlijn  Ms. Maxime Van der Weehe and Ms. Wendy De Mesmaecker to act alone with power to substitute  to fulfil all necessary formalities with the Crossroad Bank for Enterprises  counters for enterprises  registers of the enterprise court  administrative agencies and fiscal administrations with respect to the decisions taken at the present meeting."" 4 Miscellaneous • • • 4 CONDITIONS OF ADMISSION I. Admission requirements In accordance with article 32 of the articles of association and article 7:134 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations  the shareholders have to fulfil the following requirements in order to be admitted to the shareholders' meeting and to exercise their right to vote at the meeting in person or by proxy (card). The Company is working with Lumi Connect ( https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events ) to assist shareholders with the registration to (i) participate in the shareholders meeting  (ii) vote before the shareholders meeting or (iii) grant a power of attorney to another person to vote in the shareholders meeting. We advise all shareholders to use this efficient platform. All shareholders attending the shareholders' meeting in person are kindly requested to arrive in advance of the meeting  taking into account that they shall have to register before being allowed to enter the shareholders meeting. Registration will open at 12.30 pm and will be closed 10 minutes prior to the start of the meeting. The company's ordinary shares are comprised of (a) shares that are tradable on Euronext Brussels and reflected directly or indirectly in the part of the company's shareholders register which is kept in its registered office (the ""Belgian Share Register"" and  the shares  the "" European Shares "")  and (b) shares that are tradable on the New York Stock Exchange and reflected directly or indirectly in the part of the company's shareholders register maintained in the United States by the company's U.S. transfer agent  which is Computershare (the ""U.S. Share Register"" and  the shares  the "" U.S. Shares ""). 1. Record Date Shareholders have the right to be admitted to the shareholders' meeting provided they have their shares recorded in their name (i.e. can prove they own these shares) on Thursday 9 March 2023 at 24:00 hours Belgian time (the ""Record Date""). In view of the Record Date set for the company's shareholders' meeting on Thursday 23 March 2023  shareholders may not reposition shares between the Belgian Share Register and the U.S. Share Register during the period from 8 March 2023 at 8.00 am (Belgian time) until 10 March 2023 at 8.00 am (Belgian time) (the ""Freeze Period""). Please consult the company's website for the applicable Freeze Periods. (a) Holders of European Shares ( registered shares) The holders of registered European Shares may only be admitted to the shareholders' meeting if their shares are registered in the company's Belgian Share Register on the Record Date. 5 (b) Holders of European Shares ( dematerialised shares) If a shareholder  who holds dematerialised European Shares decides to use the Lumi Connect Platform and registers for the shareholders meeting of the Company on https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events   the below mentioned procedure should not be followed and Lumi Connect shall determine the shareholding on the Record Date. If a shareholder  who holds dematerialised European Shares decides to not use the Lumi Connect Platform  the following procedure should be followed: The holders of dematerialised European Shares should request their financial institution to issue a certificate stating the number of dematerialized shares registered in the name of the shareholder in its books on the Record Date and to send it directly to Euroclear Belgium   attn. Issuer Services  1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II  1210 Brussels (Belgium) (copy by e-mail: ebe.issuer@euroclear.com / fax: +32 2 337 54 46) at the latest by Friday 17 March 2023  5.00 pm (Belgian time) (the ""Notification Deadline""). The company shall determine the ownership of the shares at the Record Date on the basis of the certificate provided by the relevant financial institution to Euroclear Belgium. (c) Holders of U.S. Shares  reflected directly in the U.S. Share Register (not through DTCC) The holders of U.S. Shares reflected directly in the U.S. Share Register may only be admitted to the shareholders' meeting if such holder's ownership of U.S. Shares is reflected in the U.S. Share Register on the Record Date. The company's U.S. transfer agent will provide the company directly or indirectly with a shareholder list at the Record Date that contains all of the registered holders of the company's U.S. Shares on the Record Date no later than the Notification Deadline. The company shall determine the ownership of the shares at the Record Date based solely on the aforementioned information. The company encourages such shareholders to participate in the meeting through the U.S. proxy card that will be provided to them and according to the accompanying instructions. Should such shareholder nevertheless wish to attend the meeting in person  such holder is referred to ""Attending the meeting in person"". (d) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register (through DTCC) The holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register  through CEDE & Co.  the nominee holder of the U.S. Shares held for the beneficial owners through the DTCC system  may only be admitted to the shareholders' meeting if such holder's ownership of U.S. Shares is included in the information provided to the company through the broker  financial institution or other intermediary of such shareholders no later than the Notification Deadline. The company shall determine the ownership of the shares at the Record Date based solely on the aforementioned information. The company encourages such shareholders to participate in the meeting through the U.S. proxy card that will be provided to them and according to the accompanying instructions. Should such shareholder nevertheless wish to attend the meeting in person  such holder is referred to ""Attending the meeting in person"". 6 2. Attending the meeting in person. A. European Shares All shareholders  holding European Shares  wishing to attend the shareholders' meeting in person must notify the company as set out below no later than the Notification Deadline: • electronically on the Lumi Connect platform via the link https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events (in case of dematerialized European Shares  whether or not through the intervention of a financial intermediary acting on instruction of the shareholder); • by e-mail to the Company as set out in Section III (Notifications) below; • by post addressed to the Company as set out in Section III (Notifications) below. In addition  proof of identification may be asked when entering the meeting room. If a shareholder  which holds European Shares  decides to not register electronically via the Lumi Connect Platform and decides to notify the Company via e-mail or post  the following procedures should be followed: (a) Holders of European Shares ( registered shares) Owners of registered European Shares wishing to attend the shareholders' meeting must complete the attendance form included as part of their individual notice and notify the company thereof by the Notification Deadline. (b) Holders of European Shares ( dematerialised shares) Holders of dematerialised European Shares must complete and submit to the company no later than the Notification Deadline  the attendance form  which is available on the company's website  together with a proof of registration that is provided by such holder's financial institution. B. U.S. Shares All shareholders  holding US Shares  wishing to attend the shareholders' meeting in person must notify the company as set out below and in Section III (Notifications) no later than the Notification Deadline. (a) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected directly in the U.S. Share Register (not through DTCC) The holders of U.S. Shares registered directly in the U.S. Share Register wishing to attend the shareholders' meeting must complete and submit to the company no later than the Notification Deadline  the attendance form included as part of their individual notice. Holders are strongly encouraged to contact the company to ensure admission to the meeting. 7 (b) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register (through DTCC) Holders of U.S. Shares registered indirectly in the U.S. Share Register  through CEDE & Co.  the nominee holder of the U.S. Shares held for the beneficial owners through the DTCC system  wishing to attend the shareholders' meeting must complete and submit to the company no later than the Notification Deadline  the attendance form available on the company's website together with an account statement or letter from a broker  bank or other nominee indicating that such holder was the owner of the shares on the Record Date. Holders are strongly encouraged to contact the company to ensure admission to the meeting. HOLDERS OF U.S. SHARES: IF YOU DECIDED TO PARTICIPATE IN THE MEETING THROUGH A PROXY (CARD)  PLEASE FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS PROVIDED THEREWITH. IF YOU ATTEND THE MEETING  YOU MAY REVOKE YOUR PROXY (CARD) UNTIL THE NOTIFICATION DEADLINE AND VOTE IN PERSON. 3. Powers of attorney - U.S. proxy card Each shareholder may appoint a special proxy to represent him or her at the shareholders' meeting or issue their votes through a U.S. proxy card  as the case may be. In the first case  the original proxy for this purpose must be submitted to the company. (a) Holders of European Shares (registered shares) Holders of registered European Shares who want to appoint a special proxy must complete: • the electronic proxy available to the shareholders who have registered electronically by using the Lumi Connect platform  using the link https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events where the shareholder can issue a proxy with voting instructions via an electronic form  no later than the Notification Deadline; or • the proxy form included as part of their individual notice and submit the original form to Euroclear Belgium   attn. Issuer Services  1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II  1210 Brussels (Belgium) (copy by e-mail: ebe.issuer@euroclear.com / fax: +32 2 337 54 46) no later than the Notification Deadline. (b) Holders of European Shares ( dematerialised shares) Holders of dematerialised European Shares who want to appoint a special proxy must complete: • the electronic proxy available to the shareholders who have registered electronically by using the Lumi Connect platform  using the link https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events where the shareholder can issue a proxy with voting instructions via an electronic form  no later than the Notification Deadline; or • the proxy form available on the company's website and submit the original form to Euroclear Belgium no later than the Notification Deadline  attn. Issuer Services  Koning Albert II-laan 1  1210 Brussel (copy by e-mail: ebe.issuer@euroclear.com / fax: +32 2 337 54 46). 8 (c) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected directly in the U.S. Share Register (not through DTCC) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected directly in the U.S. Share Register who want to appoint a special proxy are strongly encouraged to use the U.S. proxy card that will be provided to them and according to the accompanying instructions. Subsequently  the required information will be provided to the company through the broker  financial institution or other intermediary no later than the Notification Deadline. (d) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register (through DTCC) Holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register through CEDE & Co.  the nominee holder of the U.S. Shares held for the beneficial owners through the DTCC system  who want to appoint a special proxy are strongly encouraged to use the U.S. proxy card that will be provided to them and according to the accompanying instructions. Subsequently  the required information will be provided to the company through the broker  financial institution or other intermediary no later than the Notification Deadline. All shareholders must carefully read and comply with the instructions on the company's website  in the Meeting Materials and with the U.S. proxy card in order to be validly represented at the shareholders' meeting. No other forms will be accepted  nor will proxy forms completed without complying with the instructions. 4. Voting by letter by holders of European Shares (both registered and dematerialized shares) Holders of registered or dematerialized European Shares who want to vote upfront prior to the meetings by letter  must complete: • the advance electronic vote that can be cast on the Lumi Connect platform  using the link https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events   no later than the Notification Deadline; or • the designated form for voting by letter available on the company's website  of which a completed signed original form should be provided at the latest on the Notification Deadline to Euroclear Belgium  for the attention of Issuer Services  Koning Albert II-laan  1  1210 Brussels (copy by e-mail: ebe.issuer@euroclear.com / fax: +32 2 337 54 46). Moreover holders of dematerialized European Shares who want to vote by letter  have to comply with the conditions to participate to the meetings  as described above in ""1. Record date - (b) Holders of European Shares (dematerialized shares""). II. Shareholders' rights The company will distribute the convening notice and agenda  attendance form  attendance guidelines and proxy form (the ""Meeting Materials"") to (i) holders of European Shares (registered shares) and holders of U.S. Shares directly reflected in the U.S. Share Register through an individual mailing by the company no later than 6 February 2023; and (ii) holders of European Shares (dematerialised shares) through the website and the press no later than 6 February 2023; and (iii) holders of U.S. Shares reflected indirectly in the U.S. Share Register (through DTCC) through a mailing as of 6 February 2023. Holders of U.S. Shares will additionally be provided with a U.S. proxy card. Taking into account the geographical spread of the shareholders and in order to enable holders of U.S. Shares to participate in the meeting  Broadridge will take all appropriate measures to provide the holders of U.S. Shares with the Meeting Materials and the U.S.proxy card timely. Only shareholders complying with all conditions of admission for attendance to the meeting outlined above shall be entitled to vote at the meeting. 9 A copy of the documents and reports mentioned in the agenda of the shareholders' meeting and of those that need to be submitted to said meeting can be obtained by the shareholders  free of charge  thirty days before the shareholders' meeting at the company's registered office  at the address mentioned below. One or more shareholders having at least 3% of the share capital of the company may add items to the agenda of the shareholders' meeting and may file proposals of resolution relating to already existing agenda items. These shareholders must notify the company of their proposals at the latest on Wednesday 1 March 2023. Following such notification  the company will publish a revised agenda no later than Wednesday 8 March 2023. Shareholders may ask questions in writing to the Supervisory Board prior to the shareholders' meeting by sending such questions to the company  or via the Lumi Connect platform (https://www.lumiconnect.com/en/events)  no later than Friday 17 March 2023 at 5.00 pm (Belgian time). Shareholders must carefully read and comply with the instructions on the company's website in this respect. III. Notifications Unless specified otherwise above  all notifications must be sent to one of the following addresses: Euronav NV Company Secretary - General Meetings De Gerlachekaai 20 2000 Antwerp Belgium Telefax: +32 3 247.44.09 Attention: Company Secretary - General Meetings E-mail address: shareholders@euronav.com Each of the aforementioned deadlines means the latest date on which the notification must be received by the company. When sent by post mail  the date of the postmark is determining for assessing the compliance with this obligation. When sent by telefax or email  the date of the fax or email is determining for assessing the compliance with this obligation. All documents and other information required for purposes of the shareholders' meeting are available from the above-mentioned address and from the company's website: www.euronav.com. 10 IV. Data protection Euronav is responsible for the processing of personal data received from  or collected about  holders of securities issued by the company and proxy holders in the context of special shareholders' meetings. The company will process such data solely for the purposes of the organisation and conduct of the relevant special shareholders' meeting  including the convening notices  registrations  attendance and voting  as well as for maintaining lists or registers of security holders  and the analysis of the investor and security holder base of the company. These data include  amongst others  identification data  the number and nature of securities of a holder of securities issued by the company  proxies and voting instructions. Euronav may also transfer this data to third parties for the purposes of assistance or services to the company in connection with the foregoing. The company will process such data  mutatis mutandis  in accordance with the Euronav Privacy Statement  available on the company's website (https://www.euronav.com/en/privacy-statement/). The company informs the holders of securities issued by the company and proxy holders of the rights they may have as data subjects  such as  among others  the right to access  the right to rectify and the right to object to processing  which are described in detail in aforementioned Privacy Statement. To exercise rights as a data subject and for all other information regarding the processing of personal data by or on behalf of the company  the company can be contacted by e-mail at dpo@euronav.com . The supervisory board 11 Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Euronav NV published this content on 06 February 2023 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 07 February 2023 09:41:50 UTC.© Publicnow 2023 All news about EURONAV NV 09:28a FRO - Emergency Arbitration claims initiated by Euronav fully dismissed - Frontline AQ 08:19a Euronav : Update on Emergency Arbitration PU 07:57a Euronav's Emergency Arbitration Case Over Canceled Frontline Merger Dismissed MT 04:49a Euronav : CONVENING NOTICE FOR THE SPECIAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS - Form 6-K PU 02/06 Euronav Nv Announces Board Changes CI 02/06 Euronav - Special General Meeting of 23 March 2023 AQ 02/03 Deutsche Bank Adjusts Euronav NV Price Target to $19 From $18  Maintains Buy Rating MT 02/02 Transcript : Euronav NV  Q4 2022 Earnings Call  Feb 02  2023 CI 02/02 Euronav : Presentation Q4 earnings call PU 02/02 Euronav NV Reports Earnings Results for the Full Year Ended December 31  2022 CI Analyst Recommendations on EURONAV NV 02/03 Deutsche Bank Adjusts Euronav NV Price Target to $19 From $18  Maintains Buy Rating MT 01/12 Deutsche Bank Adjusts Euronav's Price Target to $18 From $21  Maintains Buy Rating MT 01/11 JonesTrading Upgrades Euronav to Buy From Hold MT",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"[""SPECIAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS"", 'Euronav', 'CONVENING', 'NOTICE', 'Form', 'Mrs. Anne-Hélène Monsellato', 'Jan De Nul Dredging NV', 'Mrs. Julie De Nul', 'Mrs. Grace Reksten Skaugen', 'Mr. Patrick De Brabandere', 'Jan De Nul NV', 'Museum Dr. Guislain Ghent', 'Mrs. Anita Odedra', 'Mrs. Catharina Scheers', 'Mr. Steven Smith', 'Mr. Carl Trowell', 'multiple email addresses', 'Prior explanatory note', 'Mr. Marc Saverys', 'Applied Economic Sciences', 'UCL Louvain-la Neuve', 'Flemish Construction Confederation', 'dry bulk division', ""SPECIAL SHAREHOLDERS' MEETINGS"", 'diversified shipowning company', 'former holding company', 'ordinary general meeting', 'Saverys family', 'drybulk division', 'CMB NV', 'Exmar NV', 'Schaliënstraat', 'Belgian Code', 'outstanding shares', 'separate vote', 'immediate effect', 'chartering department', 'audit firm', 'Arthur Andersen', 'Project Controller', 'partial demerger', 'Legal Counsel', 'Office Belgium', ""Flanders' Chamber"", 'KU Leuven', 'CMB Group', 'supervisory board', 'First name', 'Belgian time', 'Managing Director', 'Belgian law', 'independent member', 'Thursday 23 March', 'agenda items', 'Euronav', 'CONVENING', 'NOTICE', 'THE', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', '2000 Antwerp', 'proposed', 'decisions', 'portion', 'capital', '16 January', 'request', 'Article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'Dismissal', 'members', 'mandate', '2 Appointment', 'degree', 'University', 'Bocimar', 'charge', 'April', 'September', 'chairman', 'period', 'July', 'December', 'career', 'Almabo', 'CFO', 'COO', 'June', 'Master', 'CEO', 'directors', 'VCB', 'VOKA', 'Commerce', 'Industry', 'basis', 'information', 'Annex', 'letter', 'Communication', 'Bachelor', 'Poli']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17871,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PANOSTAJA-OYJ-1412516/news/Panostaja-Oyj-s-Annual-General-Meeting-February-7-2023-42920213/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Panostaja Oyj's Annual General Meeting February 7  2023,(marketscreener.com) Panostaja Oyj     Stock Exchange Bulletin  Decisions of General Meeting     February 7  2023 at 4.30 p.m. Panostaja Oyj’s Annual General Meeting was held on February 7  2023 in Tampere. The Annual General Meeting adopted the financial sta…,Panostaja Oyj Stock Exchange Bulletin  Decisions of General Meeting February 7  2023 at 4.30 p.m.Panostaja Oyj’s Annual General Meeting was held on February 7  2023 in Tampere.The Annual General Meeting adopted the financial statements and consolidated financial statements presented for the financial period November 1  2021–October 31  2022 and resolved that a dividend of EUR 0.03 per share be paid for the financial period November 1  2021–October 31  2022. The dividend will be paid to those shareholders who on the record date of the payment  February 9  2023  are recorded in the company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The dividend will be paid on February 16  2023. In addition  the Annual General Meeting resolved to authorize the Board to decide  at its discretion  on the potential distribution of assets to shareholders  should the company's financial status permit this  either as dividends or as repayment of capital from the invested unrestricted equity fund. The maximum distribution of assets performed on the basis of this authorization totals EUR 4 700 000. The authorization includes the right of the Board to decide on all other terms and conditions relating to said asset distribution. The authorization remains valid until the start of the next Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting granted discharge from liability to the members of the Board and the CEO.The Annual General Meeting decided to adopt the remuneration report.The Annual General Meeting resolved that the remuneration of the Board remains unchanged and that for the term that ends at the end of the next Annual General Meeting the Chairman of the Board be paid a compensation of EUR 40 000  and that the other members of the Board be each paid a compensation of EUR 20 000. The Annual General Meeting also resolved that approximately 40 % of the remuneration remitted to the members of the Board will be paid on the basis of the share issue authorization  by issuing company shares to each Board member if such Board member does not own more than one percent (1 %) of the company’s shares on the date of the General Meeting. If the holding of a Board member on the date of the General Meeting is over one percent (1 %) of all company shares  the remuneration will be paid in full in monetary form. Furthermore  the Annual General Meeting resolved that the travel expenses of the Board members will be paid based on the maximum amount specified in the grounds for payment of travel expenses ordained by the Finnish Tax Administration as valid from time to time.The number of members of the Board was set at five (5). For the term that ends at the end of the next Annual General Meeting  Jukka Ala-Mello  Eero Eriksson  Tommi Juusela  Mikko Koskenkorva and Tarja Pääkkönen were re-elected to the Board.For the term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting  Authorized Public Accountants Deloitte Oy was elected as auditor. Authorized Public Accountants Deloitte Oy has stated that Authorized Public Accountant Hannu Mattila will serve as the chief responsible auditor.In addition  the Board was authorized to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments so that  based on the authorization  the number of the company’s own shares to be acquired may not exceed 5 200 000 in total  which corresponds to approximately 9.8 % of the company’s total amount of shares. By virtue of the authorization  the company’s own shares may be acquired using unrestricted equity only. The company’s own shares may be acquired at the prevailing market price formed in public trading on the Nasdaq Helsinki Oy on the date of acquisition or otherwise at the prevailing market price. The Board will decide how the company’s own shares are to be acquired. The company’s own shares may be acquired in deviation from the proportion of ownership of the shareholders (directed acquisition). The authorization issued at the previous Annual General Meeting on February 7  2022 to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own shares is cancelled by this authorization. This authorization shall be valid until August 6  2024.The Annual General Meeting authorized the Board to decide on one or more share issues and option rights and the granting of other special rights providing entitlement to shares as specified in Section 10(1) of the Limited Liability Companies Act. The total number of shares issued on the basis of the authorization may not exceed 5 200 000. By virtue of the authorization  the Board may decide on all terms and conditions for share issues and options as well as on the terms and conditions for the granting of special rights providing entitlement to shares. The authorization concerns both the issue of new shares and the selling of the company's own shares. Share issues and the provision of option rights as well as that of other rights providing entitlement to shares as specified in Section 10(1) of the Limited Liability Companies Act may take place deviating from the shareholders' pre-emptive right to subscription (directed issue). The authorization remains valid until August 6  2024.Immediately upon the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting  the company’s Board held an organizing meeting in which Jukka Ala-Mello was elected Chairman and Eero Eriksson was elected deputy Chairman.The CEO’s review presented to the Annual General Meeting by Tapio Tommila is attached to this bulletin in Finnish.Panostaja OyjTapio Tommila CEOFurther information: Tapio Tommila +358 (0)40 527 6311Attachment: The CEO’s review presented at the Annual General Meeting of Panostaja Oyj (in Finnish)Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Panostaja Oyj', 'February', 'Panostaja Oyj Stock Exchange Bulletin', 'Authorized Public Accountant Hannu Mattila', 'Tarja Pääkkönen', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'previous Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Authorized Public Accountants', 'Finnish Tax Administration', 'prevailing market price', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Oy', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'chief responsible auditor', 'consolidated financial statements', 'other special rights', ""shareholders' pre-emptive right"", 'public trading', 'share issue authorization', 'The Board', 'Deloitte Oy', 'other rights', 'financial period', 'financial status', 'option rights', 'potential distribution', 'maximum distribution', 'asset distribution', 'monetary form', 'travel expenses', 'maximum amount', 'Jukka Ala-Mello', 'Eero Eriksson', 'Tommi Juusela', 'Mikko Koskenkorva', 'share issues', 'total amount', 'other members', 'shareholders’ register', 'other terms', 'one percent', 'Board member', 'record date', 'remuneration report', 'new shares', 'total number', 'company shares', 'Decisions', 'February', 'Tampere', 'payment', 'addition', 'discretion', 'assets', 'dividends', 'capital', 'basis', 'conditions', 'start', 'discharge', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'compensation', 'holding', 'grounds', 'time', 'acquisition', 'instalments', 'virtue', 'deviation', 'proportion', 'ownership', 'August', 'granting', 'entitlement', 'Section', 'options', 'selling', 'provision', 'place', 'subscription', '4.30']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17872,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2603174/0/en/Panostaja-Oyj-s-Annual-General-Meeting-February-7-2023.html,Panostaja Oyj's Annual General Meeting February 7  2023,Panostaja Oyj     Stock Exchange Bulletin  Decisions of General Meeting     February 7  2023 at 4.30 p.m.    Panostaja Oyj’s Annual General Meeting was......,English FinnishPanostaja Oyj Stock Exchange Bulletin  Decisions of General Meeting February 7  2023 at 4.30 p.m.Panostaja Oyj’s Annual General Meeting was held on February 7  2023 in Tampere.The Annual General Meeting adopted the financial statements and consolidated financial statements presented for the financial period November 1  2021–October 31  2022 and resolved that a dividend of EUR 0.03 per share be paid for the financial period November 1  2021–October 31  2022. The dividend will be paid to those shareholders who on the record date of the payment  February 9  2023  are recorded in the company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. The dividend will be paid on February 16  2023. In addition  the Annual General Meeting resolved to authorize the Board to decide  at its discretion  on the potential distribution of assets to shareholders  should the company's financial status permit this  either as dividends or as repayment of capital from the invested unrestricted equity fund. The maximum distribution of assets performed on the basis of this authorization totals EUR 4 700 000. The authorization includes the right of the Board to decide on all other terms and conditions relating to said asset distribution. The authorization remains valid until the start of the next Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting granted discharge from liability to the members of the Board and the CEO.The Annual General Meeting decided to adopt the remuneration report.The Annual General Meeting resolved that the remuneration of the Board remains unchanged and that for the term that ends at the end of the next Annual General Meeting the Chairman of the Board be paid a compensation of EUR 40 000  and that the other members of the Board be each paid a compensation of EUR 20 000. The Annual General Meeting also resolved that approximately 40 % of the remuneration remitted to the members of the Board will be paid on the basis of the share issue authorization  by issuing company shares to each Board member if such Board member does not own more than one percent (1 %) of the company’s shares on the date of the General Meeting. If the holding of a Board member on the date of the General Meeting is over one percent (1 %) of all company shares  the remuneration will be paid in full in monetary form. Furthermore  the Annual General Meeting resolved that the travel expenses of the Board members will be paid based on the maximum amount specified in the grounds for payment of travel expenses ordained by the Finnish Tax Administration as valid from time to time.The number of members of the Board was set at five (5). For the term that ends at the end of the next Annual General Meeting  Jukka Ala-Mello  Eero Eriksson  Tommi Juusela  Mikko Koskenkorva and Tarja Pääkkönen were re-elected to the Board.For the term ending at the end of the next Annual General Meeting  Authorized Public Accountants Deloitte Oy was elected as auditor. Authorized Public Accountants Deloitte Oy has stated that Authorized Public Accountant Hannu Mattila will serve as the chief responsible auditor.In addition  the Board was authorized to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own shares in one or more instalments so that  based on the authorization  the number of the company’s own shares to be acquired may not exceed 5 200 000 in total  which corresponds to approximately 9.8 % of the company’s total amount of shares. By virtue of the authorization  the company’s own shares may be acquired using unrestricted equity only. The company’s own shares may be acquired at the prevailing market price formed in public trading on the Nasdaq Helsinki Oy on the date of acquisition or otherwise at the prevailing market price. The Board will decide how the company’s own shares are to be acquired. The company’s own shares may be acquired in deviation from the proportion of ownership of the shareholders (directed acquisition). The authorization issued at the previous Annual General Meeting on February 7  2022 to decide on the acquisition of the company’s own shares is cancelled by this authorization. This authorization shall be valid until August 6  2024.The Annual General Meeting authorized the Board to decide on one or more share issues and option rights and the granting of other special rights providing entitlement to shares as specified in Section 10(1) of the Limited Liability Companies Act. The total number of shares issued on the basis of the authorization may not exceed 5 200 000. By virtue of the authorization  the Board may decide on all terms and conditions for share issues and options as well as on the terms and conditions for the granting of special rights providing entitlement to shares. The authorization concerns both the issue of new shares and the selling of the company's own shares. Share issues and the provision of option rights as well as that of other rights providing entitlement to shares as specified in Section 10(1) of the Limited Liability Companies Act may take place deviating from the shareholders' pre-emptive right to subscription (directed issue). The authorization remains valid until August 6  2024.Immediately upon the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting  the company’s Board held an organizing meeting in which Jukka Ala-Mello was elected Chairman and Eero Eriksson was elected deputy Chairman.The CEO’s review presented to the Annual General Meeting by Tapio Tommila is attached to this bulletin in Finnish.Panostaja OyjTapio Tommila CEOFurther information: Tapio Tommila +358 (0)40 527 6311Attachment: The CEO’s review presented at the Annual General Meeting of Panostaja Oyj (in Finnish)Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Panostaja Oyj', 'February', 'Panostaja Oyj Stock Exchange Bulletin', 'Authorized Public Accountant Hannu Mattila', 'Tarja Pääkkönen', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'previous Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Authorized Public Accountants', 'prevailing market price', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Finnish Tax Administration', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Oy', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'chief responsible auditor', 'consolidated financial statements', 'other special rights', ""shareholders' pre-emptive right"", 'public trading', 'share issue authorization', 'The Board', 'English Finnish', 'Deloitte Oy', 'other rights', 'financial period', 'financial status', 'option rights', 'potential distribution', 'maximum distribution', 'asset distribution', 'monetary form', 'travel expenses', 'maximum amount', 'Jukka Ala-Mello', 'Eero Eriksson', 'Tommi Juusela', 'Mikko Koskenkorva', 'share issues', 'total amount', 'other members', 'shareholders’ register', 'other terms', 'one percent', 'Board member', 'record date', 'remuneration report', 'new shares', 'total number', 'company shares', 'Decisions', 'February', 'Tampere', 'payment', 'addition', 'discretion', 'assets', 'dividends', 'capital', 'basis', 'conditions', 'start', 'discharge', 'CEO', 'Chairman', 'compensation', 'holding', 'grounds', 'time', 'acquisition', 'instalments', 'virtue', 'deviation', 'proportion', 'ownership', 'August', 'granting', 'entitlement', 'Section', 'options', 'selling', 'provision', 'place', '4.30']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,globenewswire.com
17873,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EQ-OYJ-1412428/news/eQ-Oyj-Plc-Notice-of-the-AGM-2023-42916561/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,eQ Oyj : Plc - Notice of the AGM 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Notice of the Annual General Meeting 2023   Notice is given to the shareholders of eQ Plc to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 27 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. at Sanoma House's Eliel meeting room  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsin…,"Notice of the Annual General Meeting 2023 Notice is given to the shareholders of eQ Plc to the Annual General Meeting (the ""AGM"") to be held on 27 March 2023 at 5:00 p.m. at Sanoma House's Eliel meeting room  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki  Finland. The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting will commence at 4:30 p.m. at the meeting venue. The AGM will be held as a hybrid meeting in accordance with chapter 5  section 16  subsection 2 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. As an alternative to participating in the Annual General Meeting at the meeting venue  shareholders can fully exercise their rights during the meeting also via remote connection. Instructions for remote participation are presented in part C of this notice to the AGM. We encourage our shareholders to participate in eQ Plc's AGM via remote connection. There is no food or drink service at the meeting. Shareholders can ask questions referred to in chapter 5  section 25 of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act about the matters to be discussed at the meeting  also in writing before the meeting. Instructions for submitting written questions are presented in part C of this invitation to the AGM. A. Matters on the agenda of the AGM At the AGM  the following matters will be considered: Opening of the meeting Calling the meeting to order Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and persons to supervise the counting of votes Recording the legality of the meeting Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes Presentation of the annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and auditors' report for the year 2022 - Presentation of the review by the CEO The annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and the auditors' report published by the Company will be available no later than 3 March 2023 on the Company's website www.eq.fi. Adoption of the annual accounts Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividend and resolution on the distribution of the assets from the invested unrestricted equity fund The distributable means of the parent company on 31 December 2022 totalled EUR 65 947 885.52. The sum consisted of retained earnings of EUR 40 741 192.96 and the means in the reserve of invested unrestricted equity of EUR 25 206 692.56. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.91 per share be paid out. The proposal corresponds to a dividend totalling EUR 36 791 025.18 calculated with the number of shares at the close of the financial year. Additionally  the Board proposes to the AGM that an equity repayment of EUR 0.09 per share be paid out from the reserve of invested unrestricted equity. The proposal corresponds to an equity repayment totalling EUR 3 638 672.82 calculated with the number of shares at the close of theeQ Plc Notice of the AGM 2023 financial year. The dividend and equity repayment shall be paid to those who are registered as shareholders in eQ Plc's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date 29 March 2023. The Board proposes 5 April 2023 as the payment date of the dividend and equity repayment. After the end of the financial period  no essential changes have taken place in the financial position of the company. The Board of Directors feel that the proposed distribution of dividend and equity repayment do not endanger the liquidity of the company. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 1 January - 31 December 2022 Handling of the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies The Board of Directors presents the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies to the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies shall be published together with the Annual Report by a stock exchange release and it will be available on the company's website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokouksetno later than 3 March 2023. 11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors Shareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  propose that the Chair of the Board of Directors receives 5 000 euros per month  Vice Chair of the Board of Directors receives 4 000 euros per month and the members of the Board of Directors receive 3 000 euros per month. In addition  a compensation of 750 euros per meeting is proposed to be paid for all the Board members for each attended Board meeting and travel and accommodation expenses are reimbursed according to the effectual guidelines of eQ Plc. 12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors Shareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the number of the Board members remain unchanged  i.e. that six persons be on the Board of Directors. 13. Election of the members of the Board of Directors Shareholders  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the composition of the Board remains unchanged  i.e. that the current Board members Nicolas Berner  Georg Ehrnrooth  Timo Kokkila  Lotta Kopra  Janne Larma and Tomas von Rettig are re-elected to the Board of Directors. The term of office of the Board members ends at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. All nominees have given their consent to the proposal. In addition  the nominees have indicated that on selection  they will select Janne Larma as Chair of the Board of Directors and Georg Ehrnrooth as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors. Member candidates' resumes and independence assessments are available on the company's website: www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset. 14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditor The Board of Directors proposes that the auditor to be elected be paid remuneration according to the auditor's invoice approved by eQ Plc. 15. Election of auditor The Board of Directors proposes  that for a term ending at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024  Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab be elected auditor of the Company. The auditor has stated that the auditor with main responsibility will be Tuomas Ilveskoski  APA.eQ Plc Notice of the AGM 2023 16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorises the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue or share issues and/or the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  comprising a maximum total of 3 500 000 new shares. The amount of the proposed authorisation corresponds to approximately 8.66 per cent of all shares in the Company at the time of this Notice of the AGM. The authorisation is proposed to be used in order to finance or carry out potential acquisitions or other business transactions  to strengthen the balance sheet and the financial position of the Company  to fulfill Company's incentive schemes or to any other purposes decided by the Board. It is proposed that based on the authorization  the Board decides on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  including the recipients of the shares or the special rights entitling to shares and the amount of the consideration to be paid. Therefore  based on the authorisation  shares or special rights entitling to shares may also be issued directed i.e. in deviation of the shareholders pre-emptive rights as described in the Companies Act. A share issue may also be executed without payment in accordance with the preconditions set out in the Companies Act. The authorisation will cancel all previous authorisations to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares and is effective until the next Annual General Meeting  however no more than 18 months. 17. Amendment of the Articles of Association The Board of Directors proposes that the Articles of Association of eQ Plc be updated with section-specific headings for all items  the field of activity be specified and the possibility to organise a meeting without a physical meeting venue be added  and participation in the General Meeting be made possible via a remote connection. The new Articles of Association in their entirety: The Articles of Association 1 § Business name and domicile The name of the company is eQ Oyj in Finnish  eQ Abp in Swedish  and eQ Plc in English. The domicile of the company is Helsinki. 2 § Field of activity The company's field of activity is to own investment service providers  fund management companies and other companies operating in financial sector and to take care of all related administrative duties. In addition  the company may own securities and engage in other investment operations. 3 § Book-entry system The Company's shares are included in the book-entry system for securities. 4 § Board of Directors The Board of Directors is responsible for the company's administration and appropriate organisation of the company's operations. The Board of Directors consists of a minimum of five (5) and a maximum of seven (7) members. The Board of Directors shall elect a Chair from among its members and convene when summoned by the Chair. The Chair shall summon the Board of Directors  if a member of the Board of Directors or the Managing Directors so requests. The Board of Directors constitutes a quorum when more than half of its members are present. Matters are decided by a simple majority of votes. In cases where votes are evenly divided  the Chair shall have the deciding vote  and in the election of the Chair the decision is made by drawing lots. The term of the members of the Board of Directors extends to the close of the Annual General Meeting following the election.eQ Plc Notice of the AGM 2023 5 § Chief Executive Officer (CEO) The company shall have a CEO  who is appointed by the Board of Directors. 6 § Right of representation The company is represented by two members of the Board of Directors jointly  the CEO alone or the person or persons authorised by the Board of Directors. 7 § Auditor The General Meeting shall elect one (1) auditor to audit the company administration and accounts. The auditor shall be an audit firm certified by the Finland Chamber of Commerce. The term of the auditor is the accounting period  and it ends at the close of the first Annual General Meeting following the election. 8 § Financial period The accounting period of the company begins on 1 January and ends on 31 December. 9 § Notice of the General Meeting of Shareholders  participation and meeting venue Notice of a General Meeting shall be delivered to the shareholders no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the meeting  but in any case at the latest nine (9) days before the record date of the General Meeting  by publishing it in a company website and as a stock exchange release. In order to attend a General Meeting  a shareholder shall inform the company of his/her attendance no later than on the date mentioned in the notice of the meeting  which is determined by the Board of Directors. This date may not be earlier than ten (10) days prior to the meeting. The Board of Directors may decide that the shareholders may also attend the General Meeting in such a way that a shareholder exercises his/her right to vote and speak by using a data communication connection and a technical device before or during the General Meeting. The Board of Directors may decide that the General Meeting is organised without a meeting venue so that the shareholders fully exercise their right to vote and speak in real-time by using a telecommunications connection and a technical device during the meeting. 10 § Annual General Meeting The Annual General Meeting shall be held annually by the end of May on a day determined by the Board of Directors. The Meeting shall review: the financial statements  comprising the consolidated financial statements and the annual report; the Auditors' Report; decide on: the approval of the financial statements; the use of the profit shown in the balance sheet; discharging the members of the Board of Directors and the Managing Director from liability; the number of members on the Board of Directors; the remuneration payable to the members of the Board of Directors and the auditor; elect: the members of the Board of Directors  and the auditor. 18. Closing of the meeting",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.46,0.42,0.12,True,English,"['eQ Oyj', 'Plc', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'stock exchange release', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Eliel meeting room', 'Annual General Meeting', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'annual accounts Resolution', 'The Remuneration Report', 'eQ Plc Notice', 'AGM 2023 financial year', 'Annual Report', 'eQ Plc.', 'financial period', 'financial position', 'equity repayment', 'Sanoma House', 'remote connection', 'remote participation', 'part C', 'drink service', ""auditors' report"", 'balance sheet', 'shareholder register', 'record date', 'essential changes', 'Governing Bodies', '60 per cent', 'accommodation expenses', 'effectual guidelines', 'meeting venue', 'hybrid meeting', 'The AGM', 'A. Matters', 'following matters', 'outstanding shares', 'The Board', 'written questions', 'distributable means', 'payment date', 'Vice Chair', 'six persons', 'parent company', 'Board meeting', 'Directors Shareholders', 'Board members', '27 March', '00100 Helsinki', 'reception', 'accordance', 'chapter', 'section', 'alternative', 'rights', 'Instructions', 'food', 'writing', 'invitation', 'agenda', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'review', 'CEO', '3 March', 'website', 'profit', 'distribution', 'assets', '31 December', 'sum', 'earnings', 'reserve', 'proposal', 'number', 'close', '5 April', 'place', 'liquidity', 'discharge', 'January', 'Handling', 'eq-group', 'hallinnointi', '5,000 euros', 'month', '4,000 euros', '3,000 euros', 'addition', 'compensation', '750 euros', 'travel', 'compos', '5:00', '4:30']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17874,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EQ-OYJ-1412428/news/eQ-Oyj-Plc-Agenda-of-the-AGM-2023-42916560/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,eQ Oyj : Plc - Agenda of the AGM 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Matters on the agenda of the AGM 27 March 2023   At the AGM  the following matters will be considered:    Opening of the meeting   Calling the meeting to order   Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and persons t…,Matters on the agenda of the AGM 27 March 2023 At the AGM  the following matters will be considered: Opening of the meeting Calling the meeting to order Election of persons to scrutinise the minutes and persons to supervise the counting of votes Recording the legality of the meeting Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes Presentation of the annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and auditors' report for the year 2022 - Presentation of the review by the CEO The annual accounts  report of the Board of Directors and the auditors' report published by the Company will be available no later than 3 March 2023 on the Company's website www.eq.fi. Adoption of the annual accounts Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividend and resolution on the distribution of the assets from the invested unrestricted equity fund The distributable means of the parent company on 31 December 2022 totalled EUR 65 947 885.52. The sum consisted of retained earnings of EUR 40 741 192.96 and the means in the reserve of invested unrestricted equity of EUR 25 206 692.56. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that a dividend of EUR 0.91 per share be paid out. The proposal corresponds to a dividend totalling EUR 36 791 025.18 calculated with the number of shares at the close of the financial year. Additionally  the Board proposes to the AGM that an equity repayment of EUR 0.09 per share be paid out from the reserve of invested unrestricted equity. The proposal corresponds to an equity repayment totalling EUR 3 638 672.82 calculated with the number of shares at the close of the financial year. The dividend and equity repayment shall be paid to those who are registered as shareholders in eQ Plc's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date 29 March 2023. The Board proposes 5 April 2023 as the payment date of the dividend and equity repayment. After the end of the financial period  no essential changes have taken place in the financial position of the company. The Board of Directors feel that the proposed distribution of dividend and equity repayment do not endanger the liquidity of the company. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial year 1 January - 31 December 2022 Handling of the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies The Board of Directors presents the Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies to the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration Report for Governing Bodies shall be published together with the Annual Report by a stock exchange release and it will be available on the company's website www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokouksetno later than 3 March 2023.eQ Plc Agenda of the AGM 2023 11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors Shareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  propose that the Chair of the Board of Directors receives 5 000 euros per month  Vice Chair of the Board of Directors receives 4 000 euros per month and the members of the Board of Directors receive 3 000 euros per month. In addition  a compensation of 750 euros per meeting is proposed to be paid for all the Board members for each attended Board meeting and travel and accommodation expenses are reimbursed according to the effectual guidelines of eQ Plc. 12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors Shareholders of eQ Plc  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the number of the Board members remain unchanged  i.e. that six persons be on the Board of Directors. 13. Election of the members of the Board of Directors Shareholders  who control over 60 per cent of the outstanding shares and votes  have made a proposal that the composition of the Board remains unchanged  i.e. that the current Board members Nicolas Berner  Georg Ehrnrooth  Timo Kokkila  Lotta Kopra  Janne Larma and Tomas von Rettig are re-elected to the Board of Directors. The term of office of the Board members ends at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. All nominees have given their consent to the proposal. In addition  the nominees have indicated that on selection  they will select Janne Larma as Chair of the Board of Directors and Georg Ehrnrooth as Vice Chair of the Board of Directors. Member candidates' resumes and independence assessments are available on the company's website: www.eq.fi/en/about-eq-group/hallinnointi/yhtiokokoukset. 14. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditor The Board of Directors proposes that the auditor to be elected be paid remuneration according to the auditor's invoice approved by eQ Plc. 15. Election of auditor The Board of Directors proposes  that for a term ending at the end of the Annual General Meeting 2024  Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab be elected auditor of the Company. The auditor has stated that the auditor with main responsibility will be Tuomas Ilveskoski  APA. 16. Authorising the Board of Directors to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM authorises the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue or share issues and/or the issuance of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  comprising a maximum total of 3 500 000 new shares. The amount of the proposed authorisation corresponds to approximately 8.66 per cent of all shares in the Company at the time of this Notice of the AGM. The authorisation is proposed to be used in order to finance or carry out potential acquisitions or other business transactions  to strengthen the balance sheet and the financial position of the Company  to fulfill Company's incentive schemes or to any other purposes decided by the Board. It is proposed that based on the authorization  the Board decides on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act  including the recipients of the shares or the special rights entitling to shares and the amount of the consideration to be paid. Therefore  based on the authorisation  shares or special rights entitling to shares may also be issued directed i.e. in deviation of the shareholders pre-emptive rights as described in the Companies Act. A share issue may also be executed without payment in accordance with the preconditions set out in the Companies Act. The authorisation will cancel all previous authorisations to decide on the issuance of shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to shares and is effective until the next Annual General Meeting  however no more than 18 months.eQ Plc Agenda of the AGM 2023 17. Amendment of the Articles of Association The Board of Directors proposes that the Articles of Association of eQ Plc be updated with section-specific headings for all items  the field of activity be specified and the possibility to organise a meeting without a physical meeting venue be added  and participation in the General Meeting be made possible via a remote connection. The new Articles of Association in their entirety: The Articles of Association 1 § Business name and domicile The name of the company is eQ Oyj in Finnish  eQ Abp in Swedish  and eQ Plc in English. The domicile of the company is Helsinki. 2 § Field of activity The company's field of activity is to own investment service providers  fund management companies and other companies operating in financial sector and to take care of all related administrative duties. In addition  the company may own securities and engage in other investment operations. 3 § Book-entry system The Company's shares are included in the book-entry system for securities. 4 § Board of Directors The Board of Directors is responsible for the company's administration and appropriate organisation of the company's operations. The Board of Directors consists of a minimum of five (5) and a maximum of seven (7) members. The Board of Directors shall elect a Chair from among its members and convene when summoned by the Chair. The Chair shall summon the Board of Directors  if a member of the Board of Directors or the Managing Directors so requests. The Board of Directors constitutes a quorum when more than half of its members are present. Matters are decided by a simple majority of votes. In cases where votes are evenly divided  the Chair shall have the deciding vote  and in the election of the Chair the decision is made by drawing lots. The term of the members of the Board of Directors extends to the close of the Annual General Meeting following the election. 5 § Chief Executive Officer (CEO) The company shall have a CEO  who is appointed by the Board of Directors. 6 § Right of representation The company is represented by two members of the Board of Directors jointly  the CEO alone or the person or persons authorised by the Board of Directors. 7 § Auditor The General Meeting shall elect one (1) auditor to audit the company administration and accounts. The auditor shall be an audit firm certified by the Finland Chamber of Commerce. The term of the auditor is the accounting period  and it ends at the close of the first Annual General Meeting following the election. 8 § Financial period The accounting period of the company begins on 1 January and ends on 31 December. 9 § Notice of the General Meeting of Shareholders  participation and meeting venue Notice of a General Meeting shall be delivered to the shareholders no earlier than three (3) months and no later than three (3) weeks prior to the meeting  but in any case at the latest nine (9) days before the record,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['eQ Oyj', 'Plc', 'Agenda', 'AGM', 'Authorised Public Accountants KPMG Oy Ab', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'stock exchange release', 'Tomas von Rettig', ""Member candidates' resumes"", 'unrestricted equity fund', 'annual accounts Resolution', 'eQ Plc Agenda', 'The Remuneration Report', 'current Board members', 'Annual Report', 'eQ Plc.', 'equity repayment', 'balance sheet', 'shareholder register', 'record date', 'financial period', 'essential changes', 'financial position', 'Governing Bodies', '60 per cent', 'accommodation expenses', 'effectual guidelines', 'Nicolas Berner', 'Georg Ehrnrooth', 'Timo Kokkila', 'Lotta Kopra', 'Janne Larma', 'independence assessments', 'main responsibility', 'Tuomas Ilveskoski', ""auditors' report"", 'The Board', 'financial year', 'outstanding shares', 'following matters', 'distributable means', 'payment date', 'Vice Chair', 'six persons', 'Board meeting', 'parent company', 'Directors Shareholders', 'AGM', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'review', 'CEO', '3 March', 'website', 'use', 'profit', 'distribution', 'assets', '31 December', 'earnings', 'reserve', 'proposal', 'number', 'close', '5 April', 'place', 'liquidity', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Handling', 'eq-group', 'hallinnointi', '5,000 euros', 'month', '4,000 euros', '3,000 euros', 'addition', 'compensation', '750 euros', 'travel', 'composition', 'term', 'office', 'nominees', 'consent', 'invoice', 'APA', 'Authorising']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17875,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Diversity of socks is our future #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/1cEbI4jRZr #regtech,nan,Diversity of socks is our future #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/1cEbI4jRZr #regtech,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['future #AAA Websites', 'Diversity', 'socks', 'Fintech', 'future #AAA Websites', 'Diversity', 'socks', 'Fintech']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,Unknown
17876,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,BMO bumps hourly pay ahead of Bank of the West integration #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/K9cMVgiyct #regtech,nan,BMO bumps hourly pay ahead of Bank of the West integration #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/K9cMVgiyct #regtech,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['hourly pay', 'West integration', 'BMO', 'Bank', 'co', 'K9cMVgiyct', 'regtech', 'hourly pay', 'West integration', 'BMO', 'Bank', 'co', 'K9cMVgiyct', 'regtech']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,Unknown
17877,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Submit your best caption to @COZITV for your chance to win a ClearStream HORIZON amplified indoor HDTV antenna! Goo… https://t.co/IPQss1tDb4,nan,Submit your best caption to @COZITV for your chance to win a ClearStream HORIZON amplified indoor HDTV antenna! Goo… https://t.co/IPQss1tDb4,positive,0.88,0.12,0.01,positive,0.88,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['indoor HDTV antenna', 'best caption', 'ClearStream HORIZON', 'chance', 'Goo', 'IPQss1tDb4', 'indoor HDTV antenna', 'best caption', 'ClearStream HORIZON', 'chance', 'Goo', 'IPQss1tDb4']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,Unknown
17878,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,This week's #COZISayWHAT winner will receive an @Antennasdirect ClearStream HORIZON Amplified Indoor HDTV Antenna!… https://t.co/Jbu3LCGpib,nan,This week's #COZISayWHAT winner will receive an @Antennasdirect ClearStream HORIZON Amplified Indoor HDTV Antenna!… https://t.co/Jbu3LCGpib,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['Jbu3LCGpib', 'Jbu3LCGpib']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,Unknown
17879,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,📅Catch up with the Clearstream Fund Services Roadshow 2023 💡Get the latest on #DLT and reducing costs and friction… https://t.co/JgysskyHKk,nan,📅Catch up with the Clearstream Fund Services Roadshow 2023 💡Get the latest on #DLT and reducing costs and friction… https://t.co/JgysskyHKk,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Clearstream Fund Services Roadshow', 'costs', 'friction', 'JgysskyHKk', 'Clearstream Fund Services Roadshow', 'costs', 'friction', 'JgysskyHKk']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,Unknown
17880,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream develops relationship with Ukraine. Clearstream is to expand its relationship with Ukraine’s capital ma… https://t.co/q5iOomG2zt,nan,Clearstream develops relationship with Ukraine. Clearstream is to expand its relationship with Ukraine’s capital ma… https://t.co/q5iOomG2zt,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['capital ma', 'Clearstream', 'relationship', 'Ukraine', 'q5iOomG2zt', 'capital ma', 'Clearstream', 'relationship', 'Ukraine', 'q5iOomG2zt']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,Unknown
17881,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@pope_head Look up Cardinal Rampolla and IOR/clearstream,nan,@pope_head Look up Cardinal Rampolla and IOR/clearstream,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Cardinal Rampolla', 'IOR', 'Cardinal Rampolla', 'IOR']",2023-02-04,2023-02-07,Unknown
17882,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Examples of international CSDs include Clearstream (previously Cedel)  Euroclear and SIX SIS. While viewed as a nat… https://t.co/jV9iSiOZyZ,nan,Examples of international CSDs include Clearstream (previously Cedel)  Euroclear and SIX SIS. While viewed as a nat… https://t.co/jV9iSiOZyZ,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['international CSDs', 'SIX SIS', 'Examples', 'Clearstream', 'Cedel', 'Euroclear', 'international CSDs', 'SIX SIS', 'Examples', 'Clearstream', 'Cedel', 'Euroclear']",2023-02-03,2023-02-07,Unknown
17883,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,"""Director of the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation On Promoting Contemporary Photography - Anne-Marie Beckmann… https://t.co/Ca611aOyqn",nan,"""Director of the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation On Promoting Contemporary Photography - Anne-Marie Beckmann… https://t.co/Ca611aOyqn",neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation', 'Contemporary Photography', 'Anne-Marie Beckmann', 'Director', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation', 'Contemporary Photography', 'Anne-Marie Beckmann', 'Director']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,Unknown
17884,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse Establishes Centrally-Steered Unit Dedicated to Blockchain  Crypto Assets . Germany’s joint stock c… https://t.co/y9xdroddoQ,nan,Deutsche Boerse Establishes Centrally-Steered Unit Dedicated to Blockchain  Crypto Assets . Germany’s joint stock c… https://t.co/y9xdroddoQ,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Steered Unit', 'Crypto Assets', 'joint stock', 'Blockchain', 'Germany', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Steered Unit', 'Crypto Assets', 'joint stock', 'Blockchain', 'Germany']",2023-02-04,2023-02-07,Unknown
17885,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Boerse Purchases Minority Share in Blockchain Partner HQLAx . Deutsche Boerse announced it had invested in… https://t.co/ebD2LD0Xtd,nan,Deutsche Boerse Purchases Minority Share in Blockchain Partner HQLAx . Deutsche Boerse announced it had invested in… https://t.co/ebD2LD0Xtd,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse', 'Minority Share', 'Blockchain Partner', 'HQLAx', 'ebD2LD0Xtd', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Minority Share', 'Blockchain Partner', 'HQLAx', 'ebD2LD0Xtd']",2023-02-04,2023-02-07,Unknown
17886,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pcas-net-sales-december-31-063000686.html,PCAS: NET SALES AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022,Ecully  February 7  2023 NET SALES AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022 PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life...,PCASEcully  February 7  2023NET SALES AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies  has announced the publication of its consolidated net sales as of December 31  2022.The PCAS Group has generated consolidated net sales of €226.4 million as of December 31  2022  a 21.1% increase compared to the same period during the previous financial year (+17.9% at a constant exchange rate).In millions of euros 2022 2021 % change 2022 At a constant exchange rate % change Net sales as of 31 december 226.4 187.0 21.1% 220.6 17.9% Pharmaceutical Synthesis 143.7 119.6 20.1% 140.6 17.6% Fine Specialty Chemicals 82.7 67.4 22.7% 79.9 18.6%in millions of euros France Other areas Total Net Sales by origin December 31  2022 172.1 54.3 226.4 December 31  2021 142.7 44.3 187.0 Unaudited consolidated dataPharmaceutical SynthesisThe Pharmaceutical Synthesis business generated sales of €143.7 million  a 20.1% increase compared to 2021 (a 17.6% increase at a constant exchange rate). Sales growth was driven mainly by sales of Estetrol for Mithra (to be put in perspective  however  with the difficulties faced in recovering certain corresponding receivables from this company)  a strong demand for products from the Turku site  a favorable EUR/USD exchange rate  and the impact of price increases implemented over the past months to cover the very sharp increase in the cost of raw materials and energy.Fine Specialty ChemicalsNet sales of Fine Specialty Chemicals totaled €82.7 million  a 22.7% increase compared to 2021 (a 18.6% increase at a constant exchange rate). Business has been robust throughout the year with a very strong demand for Electronics and Cosmetics and a positive trend in Lubricants and Fine Chemicals. The increase in the cost of raw materials and energy has been passed through to customers and has thus contributed to the growth of net sales. The dynamics in the industrialization of new products was also very good.Story continuesOutlookAs announced on November 3rd and December 21st  2022  2022 results will remain very negative  as the level of activity remains insufficient to cover fixed costs at several Pharmaceutical Synthesis sites  and due to inventory depreciations for out-of-specification products. Further  these results may be revised depending on the evolution of the ongoing legal proceedings relating to the sales of Estetrol. A follow-up will be provided when the 2022 results will be released on March 30  2023.In this context  PCAS has to study a temporary reduction in activity on the production site concerned by such product  including some workshops dedicated to the production of Estetrol. Although it is not possible at this stage to assess more precisely the consequences on future business and results incurred by the difficulties faced with this client  due to the aforementioned ongoing legal proceedings  the return to positive results announced for 2023 will be delayed.PCAS Group will continue to benefit from the support of its majority shareholder Seqens (owning 76.66%) for the financing of its activities and its development.NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE:2022 Results  March 30  2023ABOUT PCASPCAS specializes in the development and production of complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies. With about 12% of its net sales earmarked for R&D and a large international footprint  PCAS is the preferred industrial partner for market-leading major global groups. Boasting especially high standards  the company offers a growing range of proprietary products and solutions in leading-edge segments. PCAS generated net sales of €226.4 million in 2022 and employs nearly 1100 people in six countries.To find out more about PCAS: www.pcas.comPCAS NewCapJean-Louis Martin / Eric MoissenotEmmanuel Huynh / Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCapFinancial communication and investor relation Tel.: +33 1 69 79 60 00www.pcas.com Tel.: +33 1 44 71 98 53pcas@newcap.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.07,0.36,True,English,"['PCAS', 'SALES', 'DECEMBER', 'Other areas Total Net Sales', 'market-leading major global groups', 'several Pharmaceutical Synthesis sites', 'favorable EUR/USD exchange rate', 'consolidated data Pharmaceutical Synthesis', 'constant exchange rate % change', 'The Pharmaceutical Synthesis business', 'ongoing legal proceedings', 'large international footprint', 'preferred industrial partner', 'NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE', 'Fine Specialty Chemicals', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCap', 'consolidated net sales', 'previous financial year', 'The PCAS Group', 'Fine Chemicals', 'Financial communication', 'future business', 'Euronext Paris', 'complex molecules', 'life sciences', 'innovative technologies', 'same period', 'corresponding receivables', 'strong demand', 'Turku site', 'price increases', 'past months', 'raw materials', 'positive trend', 'fixed costs', 'inventory depreciations', 'temporary reduction', 'majority shareholder', 'R&D', 'high standards', 'growing range', 'leading-edge segments', 'six countries', 'Jean-Louis Martin', 'Eric Moissenot', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'investor relation', 'PCAS NewCap', 'new products', 'specification products', 'proprietary products', 'Sales growth', 'ABOUT PCAS', 'production site', 'sharp increase', 'positive results', '21.1% increase', '20.1% increase', '17.6% increase', '22.7% increase', '2022 results', 'Ecully', 'February', 'DECEMBER', 'specialist', 'publication', 'millions', 'euros', 'France', 'origin', 'Estetrol', 'Mithra', 'perspective', 'difficulties', 'company', 'impact', 'energy', 'Electronics', 'Cosmetics', 'Lubricants', 'customers', 'dynamics', 'industrialization', 'Story', 'Outlook', 'November', 'level', 'activity', 'evolution', 'follow-up', 'March', 'context', 'workshops', 'stage', 'consequences', 'client', 'return', 'support', 'Seqens', 'financing', 'activities', 'development', 'solutions', '1100 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '33 1 69']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17887,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/signing-250-million-euros-syndicated-171000445.html,Signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490 million euros,Signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490 million euros Voltalia...,"VoltaliaSigning of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490million eurosVoltalia (Euronext Paris ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  announces the signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated credit facility. This new credit line replicates the innovative framework of those put in place in 2019 and 2021: the interest rate may be subsidized depending on the achievement of certain Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) criteria.""The signing of this new syndicated loan allows us to almost double the amount of bank facilities we have at our disposal today. We warmly thank our banking partners  both old and new  for this vote of confidence. As in 2019 and 2021  this financing  the cost of which will be linked to the achievement of non-financial objectives  underlines our desire to pursue concrete CSR actions in the exercise of our mission: improving the global environment by promoting local development""  said Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.The 250 million euros loan  with a maturity of 5 years extendable to 7 years  is composed of a revolving credit facility (for two thirds) and a term loan that can be drawn down for two years (for one third). The loan also benefits from an extension clause allowing the amount to be increased during the life of the loan.This new syndicated loan comes in addition to the 170 million euros already in place in June 2021. Its purpose is to strengthen the Group's financial flexibility in the context of its continued growth. It will be used  for example  to pre-finance construction work on new power plants before project financing is drawn down. This approach is particularly well suited to Europe  where clients are willing to pay a higher price if projects are started quickly.The new financing is Sustainability-Linked  i.e. the interest rates will potentially be affected by the Group's achievement of the following non-financial objectives:Story continuesOccupational health and safety performance;Business conduct and ethics;Environmental  Social and Governance (""ESG"") performance of the company as assessed by the Gaïa extra-financial rating carried out by the EthiFinance1 agency.This loan was contracted with a syndicate of eight banking partners: BNP Paribas  CACIB as Mandated Arrangers and Bookrunners  Natixis as Lead Arranger and Credit Agent  and Arkéa  Pireaus  La Banque Postale  CIC and Goldman Sachs as Arrangers.EthiFinance conducted the extra-financial analysis of Voltalia to establish its ESG rating.Next on the agenda: FY 2022 Results  on March 23  2023 (before market opening)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has a generating capacity in operation and under construction of 2.6 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing a total capacity of 13.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.With more than 1 550 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally for its customers.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment A (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the EnterNext Tech 40  CAC Mid & Small and Euronext Tech Leaders indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. VoltaliaInvestor Relations : invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPresse Contact: Loris Daougabelldaougabel@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 111 As agreed in 2019 with EthiFinance for the structuring of the previous transaction  the extra-financial rating agency EthiFinance has committed to provide an annual ESG rating based on its Gaïa methodology adapted to European small and mid-caps.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.77,0.12,0.1,True,English,"['new 250 million euros syndicated loan', '490 million euros', 'total amount', 'credit facilities', 'Signing', 'Group', 'new 250 million euros syndicated credit facility', 'new 250 million euros syndicated loan', 'Euronext Paris ISIN code', 'Euronext Tech Leaders indices', 'Gaïa extra-financial rating', 'revolving credit facility', 'new syndicated loan', '250 million euros loan', 'new credit line', 'new power plants', 'concrete CSR actions', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'La Banque Postale', 'Gaïa methodology', 'energy efficiency services', 'extra-financial rating agency', 'renewable energy sector', 'annual ESG rating', 'eight banking partners', '170 million euros', 'renewable energy projects', 'new financing', 'credit facilities', 'Credit Agent', 'Arkéa', 'extra-financial analysis', 'EnterNext Tech 40', 'Gaïa-Index', 'EthiFinance1 agency', 'term loan', 'ESG) criteria', 'ESG"") performance', 'international player', 'innovative framework', 'interest rate', 'bank facilities', 'financial objectives', 'global environment', 'two thirds', 'one third', 'extension clause', 'financial flexibility', 'continued growth', 'higher price', 'Occupational health', 'safety performance', 'Business conduct', 'BNP Paribas', 'Lead Arranger', 'Goldman Sachs', 'FY 2022 Results', 'market opening', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'corporate market', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'regulated market', 'CAC Mid', 'responsible midcaps', 'Investor Relations', 'Presse Contact', 'Loris Daougabel', 'previous transaction', 'European small', 'project financing', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'Environmental, Social', 'local development', 'construction work', 'Mandated Arrangers', 'investor clients', 'The Group', 'total amount', 'two years', 'green electricity', '5 years', '7 years', 'Voltalia', 'Signing', 'place', 'achievement', 'Governance', 'disposal', 'vote', 'confidence', 'cost', 'desire', 'exercise', 'mission', 'CEO', 'maturity', 'life', 'addition', 'June', 'purpose', 'context', 'example', 'approach', 'Sustainability-Linked', 'Story', 'ethics', 'company', 'CACIB', 'Bookrunners', 'Natixis', 'Pireaus', 'CIC', 'agenda', 'March', 'operation', '2.6 GW', 'portfolio', '13.6 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,550 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'customers', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'T.', 'mid-caps', 'Attachment', '2019']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17888,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-announces-ratio-change-under-060000919.html,VEON announces ratio change under its American Depositary Receipt (“ADR”) program,VEON announces ratio change under its American Depositary Receipt (“ADR”) program Amsterdam  Netherlands  6 February 2023 07:00 CET: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ...,VEON Ltd.VEON announces ratio change under its American Depositary Receipt (“ADR”) programAmsterdam  Netherlands  6 February 2023 07:00 CET: VEON Ltd. (NASDAQ  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) (“VEON” or the “Company”)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announced today that its Board of Directors (the “Board”) has approved a change of ratio in the Company’s ADR program  comprising a change in the ratio of American Depositary Shares (the “ADSs”) to VEON common shares (the “Shares”) from one (1) ADS representing one (1) Share  to one (1) ADS representing twenty-five (25) Shares (the “Ratio Change”). The effective date of the Ratio Change (the “Effective Date”) is expected to be 6 March 2023.Pursuant to the Ratio Change  as of the Effective Date  record holders who directly hold ADRs will be required to exchange their existing ADRs for new ADRs on the basis of one (1) new ADR for every twenty-five (25) existing ADRs surrendered. The Depositary will contact ADR holders and arrange for the exchange of their existing ADRs for new ADRs. ADS beneficial holders who hold through an ADR holder intermediary need not take any action in connection with the Ratio Change.For ADS holders  the Ratio Change will have the same effect as a one for twenty five reverse ADS split. No new Shares will be issued in connection with the Ratio Change and the ADSs will continue to be traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “VEON.”As a result of the Ratio Change  the trading price of the Company’s ADSs is expected to automatically increase proportionally  but the Company can give no assurance that the ADS trading price following the Ratio Change will be at least equal to the ADS trading price before the Ratio Change multiplied by the new 25:1 ratio. As VEON announced previously on 5 October 2022  the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Market granted VEON an additional grace period through 3 April 2023 to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement set forth in Nasdaq’s Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the “Minimum Bid Price”). While the Ratio Change is intended to bring the bid price of the Company’s ADSs into compliance with the Minimum Bid Price  the Company can give no assurance that the Ratio Change will be effective in achieving this goal.Story continuesVEON Group CEO Kaan Terzioglu commented: “We believe the Ratio Change is in the best interest of all our stakeholders  as it will allow us to ensure VEON’s continued Nasdaq listing and provide a pathway toward increasing VEON’s visibility on Nasdaq.”About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .Important NoticeThis release is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute a prospectus or an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction  nor shall there be any offer of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under applicable securities laws.This press release is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.This communication or information contained herein is not an offer  or an invitation to make offers  to sell  exchange or otherwise transfer securities in the Russian Federation to or for the benefit of any Russian person or entity and does not constitute an advertisement or offering of securities in the Russian Federation within the meaning of Russian securities laws.Elements of this press release contain or may contain “inside information” as defined under the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014.DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and include statements relating to  among other things  expectations regarding the Ratio Change and the benefits of the Ratio Change  including compliance with the Minimum Bid Price. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws and except as set forth above  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Contact InformationVEONGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.28,0.58,True,English,"['American Depositary Receipt', 'ratio change', 'VEON', 'ADR', 'program', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'five reverse ADS split', 'minimum bid price requirement', 'The Nasdaq Capital Market', 'applicable securities laws', 'global digital operator', 'additional grace period', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'American Depositary Receipt', 'Russian securities laws', 'Listing Qualifications Department', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'ADS trading price', 'ADR holder intermediary', 'The Nasdaq Market', 'ADS beneficial holders', 'American Depositary Shares', 'VEON Group CEO', 'twenty-five (25) existing ADRs', 'one (1) new ADR', 'VEON common shares', 'The Depositary', 'one (1) ADS', 'ADS holders', 'twenty-five (25) Shares', 'ADR holders', 'new Shares', 'Listing Rule', 'one (1) Share', 'record holders', 'Russian Federation', 'Russian person', 'new ADRs', 'Nasdaq listing', 'new 25:1 ratio', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'same effect', 'Kaan Terzioglu', 'best interest', '200 million customers', 'economic growth', 'Important Notice', 'United States', 'historical facts', 'other things', 'looking statement', 'ratio change', 'ADR program', 'effective date', 'informational purposes', 'other jurisdiction', 'press release', 'inside information', 'VEON Ltd', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'statements', 'Netherlands', '00 CET', 'Company', 'Board', 'Directors', 'ADSs', 'basis', 'action', 'connection', 'symbol', 'result', 'assurance', '5 October', '3 April', 'compliance', 'goal', 'Story', 'stakeholders', 'continued', 'pathway', 'visibility', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'prospectus', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'registration', 'communication', 'invitation', 'benefit', 'entity', 'advertisement', 'meaning', 'Elements', 'Disclaimer', 'phrase', 'Section', 'expectations', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'forward', 'events', 'circumstances', 'unanticipated', '6', '07']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17889,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/drop-box-facilitates-returns-parcel-070000333.html,New Drop Box Facilitates Returns with Parcel Pending by Quadient Lockers in UK; Evri to be the First Carrier to Use the Technology,New Drop Box Facilitates Returns with Parcel Pending by Quadient Lockers in UK; Evri to be the First Carrier to Use the Technology The new Drop Box and...,QUADIENTNew Drop Box Facilitates Returns with Parcel Pending by Quadient Lockers in UK; Evri to be the First Carrier to Use the TechnologyThe new Drop Box and optional Printer for Quadient parcel lockers streamline s returns and facilitate s parcel collection management for carriersThe innovation is being presented today by Quadient and Evri at The Delivery Conference in LondonLondon  February 7  2023Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels and a major global parcel locker operator  introduced today an additional feature for its Parcel Pending by Quadient smart lockers that enables shoppers to easily drop off parcels  with the added ability to print shipping labels if needed.On average  researchers estimate 20% to 24% of online purchases are returned to retailers. Additionally  the evolution of the circular economy is highly impacting the e-commerce landscape  contributing to the surge in customer-to-customer (C2C) parcel volumes and delivery services. These trends are leading carriers to look for ways to scale their first-mile activity and innovate to reduce the associated rising costs. Thanks to Quadient’s modular design  the Drop Box and Printer comes as a unit that can be added to new or existing locker configurations. This module enables consumers to place packages directly into the Drop Box by simply scanning a barcode label  maximising parcel volume while minimising the locker footprint. Users also have the ability to print standard shipping labels directly from the built-in printer. Quadient’s cloud-based monitoring technology captures every step of the process and gives carriers full visibility of the parcels’ status at any time.As the new solution becomes available in the UK  one of the country’s largest parcel delivery companies  Evri  will be the first carrier to offer the Drop Box and Printer capability to its customers. Evri is one of four international carriers that have joined the Quadient smart locker open network in the UK. The open locker network already accounts for about 300 locker stations in operation  with plans to reach 5 000 units in the coming years at the pace of about 200 new locations per month.Story continues“The introduction of our fully integrated Drop Box with optional Printer in our carrier-agnostic network makes us unique to the market ” said Ian Caminsky  SVP & MD Parcel Locker Solutions DACHIT-UKI  Quadient. “Quadient is leveraging its long-standing experience in Japan  France  the US and the UK to bring to market innovations that focus on creating operational efficiencies and eliminating time consuming processes. We are honoured to have Evri as our first integrated carrier to use this new feature to easily manage their first mile flows and deliver exceptional customer experiences to online shoppers.”“We’re delighted to expand our out of home network with Quadient’s smart locker network  taking advantage of new locker technology. It will increase the convenience of sending by allowing customers to print a label directly from the locker 24/7  which is great for customers who can’t print at home and means that Quadient’s locker network offers the same services as our ParcelShops. The Drop Box functionality provides a quick and simple way for small businesses to send multiple parcels in one go and maximises the number of parcels that can be handled at a single locker location each day ” said Kath Gill  Head of Out of Home at Evri.On-screen user satisfaction surveys conducted by Quadient in December 2022 and January 2023 collecting over 60 000 responses in France and Japan showed more than 97% of respondents are satisfied with their parcel locker experience. In addition  97% of first mile users in Japan are satisfied with their experience  highlighting convenience of the location  a contactless experience and wide hours of availability as the main reasons for satisfaction.In the coming months  Quadient will make the Drop Box and Printer available to retailers and other carriers across Europe and in North America.The new Drop Box and Printer is being presented by Quadient and Evri today in London at the UK e-commerce industry’s main event  The Delivery Conference. Visit Quadient at Stand No. 11 to learn more.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalised connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid 60 and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.About EvriEvri is the UK’s biggest dedicated parcel delivery company  delivering over 700 million parcels a year. The company has a mission to be the most convenient way to send  receive and return parcels  without costing the earth. Evri works with most of Europe’s top retailers including Next  John Lewis  M&S and ASOS. The roots of Evri can be traced back to 1974 but the business has grown over the decades and now has a team of 6 700+ employees  20 000+ couriers  10 000+ out of home locations and a growing network of state-of-the-art hubs and depots.For more information about Evri  visit www.evri.com.ContactDominic WalshSpark Communications +44 (0)20 7436 0420quadient@sparkcomms.com.ukAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.82,0.13,0.05,True,English,"['New Drop Box', 'Parcel Pending', 'Quadient Lockers', 'First Carrier', 'Returns', 'UK', 'Evri', 'Technology', 'biggest dedicated parcel delivery company', 'major global parcel locker operator', 'three key solution areas', 'Quadient smart locker open network', 'largest parcel delivery companies', 'screen user satisfaction surveys', 'MD Parcel Locker Solutions', 'The Drop Box functionality', 'open locker network', 'The Delivery Conference', 'smart locker network', 'parcel collection management', 'C2C) parcel volumes', 'existing locker configurations', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalised connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'first mile flows', 'parcel locker experience', 'meaningful customer connections', 'cloud-based monitoring technology', 'exceptional customer experiences', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'standard shipping labels', 'time consuming processes', 'single locker location', 'first integrated carrier', 'four international carriers', 'Quadient smart lockers', 'new locker technology', 'first mile users', 'customer experience excellence', 'New Drop Box', 'Quadient parcel lockers', 'UK e-commerce industry', 'delivery services', 'new solution', 'Parcel Pending', 'locker footprint', '300 locker stations', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'First Carrier', 'carrier-agnostic network', 'e-commerce landscape', '200 new locations', 'new feature', 'long-standing experience', 'contactless experience', 'home network', 'Quadient Lockers', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'additional feature', 'online purchases', 'circular economy', 'first-mile activity', 'rising costs', 'modular design', 'full visibility', 'coming years', 'Ian Caminsky', 'operational efficiencies', 'same services', 'simple way', 'one go', 'Kath Gill', 'wide hours', 'main reasons', 'coming months', 'North America', 'main event', 'Stand No.', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid 60', 'leading carriers', 'other carriers', 'parcels’ status', 'multiple parcels', '700 million parcels', 'barcode label', 'market innovations', 'online shoppers', 'small businesses', 'optional Printer', 'Printer capability', 'Visit Quadient', 'Quadient®', 'Returns', 'Evri', 'London', 'February', 'QDT', 'leader', 'digital', 'researchers', 'retailers', 'evolution', 'surge', 'trends', 'ways', 'associated', 'unit', 'module', 'consumers', 'packages', 'step', 'country', 'customers', 'plans', 'pace', 'Story', 'introduction', 'SVP', 'DACHIT-UKI', 'Japan', 'France', 'advantage', 'convenience', 'ParcelShops', 'quick', 'number', 'Head', 'December', 'January', '60,000 responses', 'respondents', 'availability', 'Europe', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'information']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17890,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ferrari-n-v-periodic-report-152300862.html,FERRARI N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM,Maranello (Italy)  February 6  2023 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200...,Ferrari N.V.Maranello (Italy)  February 6  2023 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the Euro 200 million share buyback program announced on December 1  2022  as the second tranche of the multi-year share buyback program of approximately Euro 2 billion expected to be executed by 2026 in line with the disclosure made during the 2022 Capital Markets Day (the “Second Tranche”)  the additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on the Euronext Milan (EXM) as follows:TradingDate(dd/mm/yyyy)Stock ExchangeNumber of common shares purchasedAverage price per shareexcluding fees(€)Consideration excluding fees(€)01/02/2023 EXM 4 830 229.1722 1 106 901.73 02/02/2023 EXM 4 660 237.3868 1 106 222.49 03/02/2023 EXM 4 600 240.7963 1 107 662.98Total- 14 090 235.6840 3 320 787.19(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of such Second Tranche till February 3  2023  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 51 487 936.53 for No. 240 173 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 8 757 853.08 (Euro 8 271 632.62*) for No. 40 049 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of February 3  2023  the Company held in treasury No. 12 107 851 common shares equal to 4.71% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since July 1  2022 until February 3  2023  the Company has purchased a total of 1 053 959 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  including transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 210 485 248.86.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Story continuesAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,positive,0.51,0.22,0.27,True,English,"['FERRARI N.V.', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'THE', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', '200 million share buyback program', 'multi-year share buyback program', 'Ferrari N.V. Maranello', 'Buyback Programs section', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', '2022 Capital Markets Day', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'No. 240,173 common shares', 'No. 40,049 common shares', 'share capital', 'Stock Exchange', '12,107,851 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'second tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'Trading Date', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'Italy', 'February', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'December', 'line', 'disclosure', 'Number', 'fees', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'July', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'Cover', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Story', 'Attachment', '1,05', '59']",2023-02-06,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17891,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2602625/0/en/Stellantis-Announces-Changes-to-Euronext-Trading-Symbols.html,Stellantis Announces Changes to Euronext Trading Symbols,Stellantis Announces Changes to Euronext Trading Symbols  AMSTERDAM  February 7  2023 – Effective Monday  Feb. 13  2023  prior to the stock exchanges......,Stellantis Announces Changes to Euronext Trading SymbolsAMSTERDAM  February 7  2023 – Effective Monday  Feb. 13  2023  prior to the stock exchanges market openings  the trading symbols of Stellantis common shares listed on Euronext will change. For the former Borsa Italiana (MTA) listing in Milan  it will become ‘STLAM.’ For the Euronext Paris listing in Paris  it will become ‘STLAP.’Given the migration of the Borsa Italiana markets onto the Euronext trading platform  it was necessary to create two separate trading symbols  as now the two order books will be traded in the same environment.The ‘STLA’ trading symbol on the New York Stock Exchange remains unchanged.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Trading Symbols', 'Stellantis', 'Changes', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'stock exchanges market openings', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'two separate trading symbols', 'two order books', 'former Borsa Italiana', 'Borsa Italiana markets', 'Euronext Trading Symbols', 'Euronext trading platform', 'STLA’ trading symbol', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'Stellantis common shares', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Euronext Paris listing', 'mobility provider', 'Citroën', 'MTA) listing', 'same environment', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'AMSTERDAM', 'February', 'Monday', 'Feb.', 'Milan', 'STLAM', 'STLAP', 'migration', 'NYSE', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'fernao', 'communications', 'Attachment']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,globenewswire.com
17892,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/technicolor-creative-studios-strengthening-management-071300187.html,Technicolor Creative Studios: Strengthening of the management team and Board of Directors - Constructive discussions with creditors and shareholders - Business update,CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE Strengthening of the management team and Board of DirectorsConstructive discussions with creditors and shareholdersBusiness update...,"Technicolor Creative StudiosCORPORATE PRESS RELEASEStrengthening of the management team and Board of DirectorsConstructive discussions with creditors and shareholdersBusiness updatePARIS (FRANCE)  February 7th  2023 – Following the announcements of November 15th and November 30th  2022  the Board of Directors of Technicolor Creative Studios (Euronext Paris: TCHCS) (the “Company”) appointed external advisors to perform an independent review of the Company’s businesses to identify areas for improvements from an operational  organizational and financial perspective. This review has allowed the Company to define a further set of improvement actions in the continuity of the Re*imagined plan announced in November.As a result  in order to accelerate the Company’s transformation whilst continuing to deliver high quality projects to clients  the Board of Directors of Technicolor Creative Studios announces today the appointment of Caroline Parot as Interim Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) to take the lead on the acceleration of the Company’s global transformation and the implementation of a broad operational improvement program. Caroline Parot will work closely with Christian Roberton who  as Deputy CEO  will be fully dedicated to clients and project execution as well as talents.The Company furthermore announces that it is actively engaged in constructive discussions with its creditors and certain key shareholders to recalibrate its debt and equity structure with a view to address its financing needs as from Q2 2023.The Company’s top management and Board of Directors are fully committed to protect the best interests of its clients  talents and stakeholders.Appointment of Caroline Parot as Interim CEO to take the lead on the acceleration of Technicolor Creative Studios global transformation  alongside Christian Roberton as Deputy CEO  who will be fully dedicated to clients and project execution as well as talentsFollowing her appointment as Senior Advisor to the Company announced on November 30th  2022  Caroline Parot has been helping the Company to design and implement a comprehensive set of recovery actions. Previously CEO of Europcar  after having worked six years at Technicolor SA  she brings her experience in leading a global customer-focused company.Story continuesAnnouncing this appointment  Anne Bouverot Chair of Technicolor Creative Studios said “Caroline has all the qualities required to lead Technicolor Creative Studios in the execution of its transformation plan. Her previous experience will be instrumental to put the Company in a stronger position to enhance profitability and seize market opportunities.”Christian Roberton  Deputy CEO  said: “I have been working with Caroline over the last few months and I welcome this new leadership structure. This will allow me to dedicate all my time to our clients and talents. Together with our team  we will be relentlessly focused on delivering high quality projects whilst resolving the operational issues we face today.”Caroline Parot  new Interim CEO  declared: “I am proud to serve this world-class award-wining company at this critical juncture. Alongside with Christian and the senior executive team  we are fully committed to deliver high-quality work to our clients. We will be accelerating the transformation leveraging on Technicolor Creative Studios unique global platform of cutting-edge technology and talents. This will generate significant improvements to restore the Company’s profitability and reaffirm its market leading position.”Further s trengthening of the e xecutive teamSimon Presswell appointed as Global Head of Operations  he will be responsible to oversee the implementation and execution of improvement actions. Simon has previously held both Executive and Board positions across Entertainment and TMT businesses  with a demonstrated track record in transformation and turnaround.Hugues de Nicolay appointed as Interim Chief Financial Officer.New Board appointmentsAngelo Gordon  second largest shareholder of the Company and one of the key shareholders taking part in the ongoing discussions around the financing structure  appointed as Board observer.Guillaume Maucomble  employee of the Company  appointed by the works council as Director representing employees.Ongoing constructive discussions with its creditors and certain key shareholdersOver the last few weeks  the Company initiated discussions with its creditors (amongst them the top five creditors which together represent more than 70% of the debt outstanding) and certain key shareholders to recalibrate its debt and equity structure with a view to address its financing needs as from Q2 2023.The dialogue is progressing well within an amicable conciliation framework and the Company is aiming at finalizing these discussions over the next weeks. The various strategic options in line with the Company’s corporate interest to protect the best interests of clients  talents and stakeholders are being considered 1 .As benefits from actions implemented starting in Q4 last year are only expected to materialize progressively over this year  2022 and 2023 results will be further impacted by additional costs incurred and to be incurred to deliver major client projects. The Company now expects Adjusted EBITDA2 for 2022 to land at approximatively €20m and Adjusted EBITDA for 2023 to be below the previous outlook.Furthermore  the Company expects 2023 to be a transition year and has therefore decided to withdraw its 2023 outlook subject to further assessment of the benefits from the ongoing initiatives. The Company expects a sharp rebound in 2024 and a return to a normalized profitability in 2025.The Company has experienced operational challenges over the past months on the back of a very busy year. Post-Covid demand has been strong and MPC delivered 70 major films with heavy special effects content in 2022.Alongside this sustained demand  Technicolor Creative Studios had to face a significant shortage of experienced talents which have caused delays on both ongoing projects and the start of new ones and highlighted the need for improved project management and monitoring to deliver on time.In addition to this lack of adequate resources  operations were negatively impacted by internal reorganisations at MPC and the Mill post-Covid.Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games have continued to perform in line with expectations.The Company has been focused on its program to address these operational issuesThird-party reviews by renown firms are helping the Company to identify areas for improvements from a financial  reporting and operational perspective.Continued improvement of real-time project tracking with action-orientated process to resolve current delivery issues. Deep-dive assessment of top management completed and recruitment of critical hires is progressing well. New retention program for key talents launched.The industry is recognising the Company for the high-quality work its studios are deliveringMPC was recently nominated for an Oscar (‘Best Visual Effects) for work on Top Gun: Maverick as well as BAFTA  Emmy  VES & Annie nominations for projects including: Prehistoric Planet  Guillermo Del Toro’s Pinocchio  Finch  Thirteen Lives and Valhalla: The Bridge.The Mill was recently hailed as the No.1 Post-Production Company in the UK and Europe at the Little Black Book ‘Immortal Awards’. In November 2022  The Mill opened a new VFX studio in Seoul in response to South Korea’s growing influence in the global advertising & brand experience market. Technicolor Games collaborated on two of the biggest AAA global sports titles of the year including NBA 2K23 and FIFA 23. Other major holiday releases included: Tom Clancy’s Rainbow 6  WWE 2K22  NBA 2K23  NHL 23  Madden 23  FIFA 23  Gotham Knights  High on Life. Mikros Animation partnered with Nickelodeon on the SpongeBob Movie – ‘Sponge on the run’ which was broadcasted for the first time in the US during Thanksgiving. The studio had its biggest year yet for episodic releases  including Star Trek Prodigy 2  Dragon: The Nine Realms and Croods: Family Tree.Financial Calendar2022 Full Year Results March 8  2023***Warning: Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain statements that constitute ""forward-looking statements""  including but not limited to statements that are predictions of or indicate future events  trends  plans or objectives  based on certain assumptions or which do not directly relate to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed  forecasted  or implied by such forward-looking statements. For a more complete list and description of such risks and uncertainties  refer to Technicolor and Technicolor Creative Studios’ filings with the French Autorité des marchés financiers. The prospectus prepared by Technicolor Creative Studios in connection with the admission of Technicolor Creative Studios shares to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris as part of the distribution of 65% of Technicolor Creative Studios shares by TSA to its shareholders  approved by the AMF on August 1  2022 under number 22-331  is available free of charge and upon request at the company’s registered office  8-10 rue du Renard  75004 Paris  France  or on the websites of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org)  and Technicolor Creative Studios (https://www.technicolorcreative.com/investors/).***ABOUT TECHNICOLOR CREATIVE STUDIOSTechnicolor Creative Studios shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCHCS)Technicolor Creative Studios is a creative technology company providing world-class production expertise driven by one purpose: The realization of ambitious and extraordinary ideas. Home to a network of award-winning studios  MPC  The Mill  Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games  we inspire creative companies across the world to produce their most iconic work.Our global teams of artists and technologists partner with the creative community across film  television  animation  gaming  brand experience and advertising to bring the universal art of storytelling to audiences everywhere.www.technicolorcreative.com***Investor Relations Contact: Alexandra Fichelson: Alexandra.fichelson@technicolor.comCorporate press: Image 7: Technicolorcreative@image7.fr1 Debt-to-equity conversions  new money debt and / or equity capital injection are among the options that are being considered. The implementation of these options could have a significant impact on the capital structure of the Company.2 Unaudited Adjusted EBITDA after Lease which corresponds to Adjusted EBITA after lease adding back Depreciation and amortization  excluding depreciation of usage-based IT costs  operating eases assets depreciation and Amortization of intangibles that arose from acquisitions or disposals (PPA amortization) and non-cash income and expense such as equity-settled share-based payments  including capital lease depreciation.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.79,0.18,0.03,True,English,"['Technicolor Creative Studios', 'management team', 'Constructive discussions', 'Business update', 'Strengthening', 'Board', 'Directors', 'creditors', 'shareholders', 'Technicolor Creative Studios unique global platform', 'Technicolor Creative Studios global transformation', 'Interim Chief Financial Officer', 'Interim Chief Executive Officer', 'broad operational improvement program', 'high quality projects', 'Anne Bouverot Chair', 'demonstrated track record', 'Hugues de Nicolay', 'second largest shareholder', 'amicable conciliation framework', 'various strategic options', 'CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE', 'Re*imagined plan', 'new leadership structure', 'e xecutive team', 'new Interim CEO', 'market leading position', 'global customer-focused company', 'New Board appointments', 'senior executive team', 'world-class award-wining company', 'top five creditors', 'Global Head', 'Technicolor SA', 'financial perspective', 'operational, organizational', 'transformation plan', 'operational issues', 'top management', 'Senior Advisor', 'stronger position', 'market opportunities', 'corporate interest', 'improvement actions', 'management team', 'equity structure', 'financing structure', 'transformation leveraging', 'Business update', 'external advisors', 'financing needs', 'best interests', 'six years', 'critical juncture', 'high-quality work', 'cutting-edge technology', 'Angelo Gordon', 'Guillaume Maucomble', 'works council', 'Deputy CEO', 'key shareholders', 'Christian Roberton', 'recovery actions', 'Caroline Parot', 'Constructive discussions', 'ongoing discussions', 'Board positions', 'Board observer', 'Euronext Paris', 'independent review', 'project execution', 'comprehensive set', 'previous experience', 'significant improvements', 'Simon Presswell', 'TMT businesses', 'next weeks', 'The Company', 'Strengthening', 'Directors', 'FRANCE', 'February', 'announcements', 'November', 'TCHCS', 'areas', 'continuity', 'result', 'order', 'clients', 'acceleration', 'implementation', 'talents', 'debt', 'Q2', 'stakeholders', 'Europcar', 'Story', 'qualities', 'profitability', 'last', 'months', 'time', 'Operations', 'Entertainment', 'turnaround', 'part', 'employee', 'outstanding', 'dialogue', 'benefits']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17893,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/forfarmers-n-v-forfarmers-uk-060000792.html,ForFarmers N.V.: ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture decide to abandon proposed joint venture plans,Lochem  7 February 2023 ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture decide to abandon proposed joint venture plans Following the press release of 9 January 2023...,"ForFarmers N.V.Lochem  7 February 2023ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture decide to abandon proposed joint venture plansFollowing the press release of 9 January 2023  ForFarmers and 2Agriculture announce that they have decided to abandon the proposed joint venture plans. The parties have taken into consideration  among other things  the current impact on their respective businesses  the duration and costs involved and the impact this process has on both employees and farmers.ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture announced their intention to merge their businesses into a joint venture on 1 July 2022  to better serve farmers’ needs through a balanced feed portfolio across species. ForFarmers and 2Agriculture continue to believe that the joint venture would have made for a robust business  with improved expertise and presence across species  to successfully meet the changing demands from the entire value chain. This included helping farmers realise the transition towards a more sustainable way of farming with enhanced returns. The proposed joint venture would have invested in driving improvements and optimising services in the most efficient manner  with a focus on further improving production efficiency and feed quality to the benefit of both farmers and end consumers.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Note to the editor / For further information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director of Investor RelationsM +31 (0)6 10 94 91 61 • E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euAbout ForFarmersForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that provides complete innovative feed solutions to the livestock farming industry. With its For the Future of Farming mission ForFarmers underpins its commitment both to the continuity of farming and to further increasing the sustainability of the agricultural sector. ForFarmers is the largest feed producer in Europe with annual sales of around 10 million tonnes of animal feed and is active in the Netherlands  Belgium  Germany  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has around 2 500 employees and in 2021 generated revenue of approximately €2.7 billion. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.Story continuesForFarmers N.V.P.O. Box 917240 AB LochemThe NetherlandsT: +31 (0)573 28 88 00info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  for example relating to ForFarmers’ legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition forward-looking statements may  without limitation  contain phrases such as “intends to”  ""expects”  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at”  ''plans to”  ""estimates"" and/or words of a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers’ future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties which may lead to material differences between the actual results and performance and the expected future results or performance as implicitly or explicitly contained in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in  or contribute to  deviations from current expectations include  but are not limited to developments in legislation  technology  taxation  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal proceedings  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers are discussed in the most recently published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release relate solely to statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility whatsoever to update the forward-looking statements contained in this release  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.0,0.72,0.27,mixed,0.28,0.16,0.56,True,English,"['joint venture plans', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'ForFarmers UK', '2Agriculture', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'complete innovative feed solutions', 'entire value chain', 'P.O. Box', 'share price fluctuations', 'general economic conditions', 'balanced feed portfolio', 'largest feed producer', 'The Netherlands T', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'livestock farming industry', 'joint venture plans', 'ForFarmers’ legal obligations', 'future financial results', 'feed quality', 'animal feed', 'business plans', 'legal proceedings', 'actual results', 'future results', 'other things', 'robust business', 'changing demands', 'sustainable way', 'enhanced returns', 'efficient manner', 'production efficiency', 'end consumers', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'Investor Relations', 'international organisation', 'agricultural sector', 'annual sales', '10 million tonnes', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'annual report', 'press release', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'future events', 'ForFarmers UK', 'Farming mission', 'current impact', 'respective businesses', 'inside information', 'similar meaning', 'other factors', 'new information', 'farmers’ needs', 'Caroline Vogelzang', 'Lochem', '7 February', '2Agriculture', '9 January', 'parties', 'consideration', 'duration', 'costs', 'process', 'employees', 'intention', '1 July', 'species', 'expertise', 'presence', 'transition', 'improvements', 'services', 'focus', 'benefit', 'Note', 'editor', 'Director', 'commitment', 'continuity', 'sustainability', 'Europe', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'revenue', 'Story', 'example', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'addition', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'expects', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'deviations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'taxation', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'date', 'document', 'responsibility']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17894,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2602595/0/en/PCAS-NET-SALES-AS-OF-DECEMBER-31-2022.html,PCAS: NET SALES AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022,Ecully  February 7  2023  NET SALES AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022  PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules...,English FrenchEcully  February 7  2023NET SALES AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies  has announced the publication of its consolidated net sales as of December 31  2022.The PCAS Group has generated consolidated net sales of €226.4 million as of December 31  2022  a 21.1% increase compared to the same period during the previous financial year (+17.9% at a constant exchange rate).In millions of euros 2022 2021 % change 2022 At a constant exchange rate % change Net sales as of 31 december 226.4 187.0 21.1% 220.6 17.9% Pharmaceutical Synthesis 143.7 119.6 20.1% 140.6 17.6% Fine Specialty Chemicals 82.7 67.4 22.7% 79.9 18.6%in millions of euros France Other areas Total Net Sales by origin December 31  2022 172.1 54.3 226.4 December 31  2021 142.7 44.3 187.0 Unaudited consolidated dataPharmaceutical SynthesisThe Pharmaceutical Synthesis business generated sales of €143.7 million  a 20.1% increase compared to 2021 (a 17.6% increase at a constant exchange rate). Sales growth was driven mainly by sales of Estetrol for Mithra (to be put in perspective  however  with the difficulties faced in recovering certain corresponding receivables from this company)  a strong demand for products from the Turku site  a favorable EUR/USD exchange rate  and the impact of price increases implemented over the past months to cover the very sharp increase in the cost of raw materials and energy.Fine Specialty ChemicalsNet sales of Fine Specialty Chemicals totaled €82.7 million  a 22.7% increase compared to 2021 (a 18.6% increase at a constant exchange rate). Business has been robust throughout the year with a very strong demand for Electronics and Cosmetics and a positive trend in Lubricants and Fine Chemicals. The increase in the cost of raw materials and energy has been passed through to customers and has thus contributed to the growth of net sales. The dynamics in the industrialization of new products was also very good.OutlookAs announced on November 3rd and December 21st  2022  2022 results will remain very negative  as the level of activity remains insufficient to cover fixed costs at several Pharmaceutical Synthesis sites  and due to inventory depreciations for out-of-specification products. Further  these results may be revised depending on the evolution of the ongoing legal proceedings relating to the sales of Estetrol. A follow-up will be provided when the 2022 results will be released on March 30  2023.In this context  PCAS has to study a temporary reduction in activity on the production site concerned by such product  including some workshops dedicated to the production of Estetrol. Although it is not possible at this stage to assess more precisely the consequences on future business and results incurred by the difficulties faced with this client  due to the aforementioned ongoing legal proceedings  the return to positive results announced for 2023 will be delayed.PCAS Group will continue to benefit from the support of its majority shareholder Seqens (owning 76.66%) for the financing of its activities and its development.NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE:2022 Results  March 30  2023ABOUT PCASPCAS specializes in the development and production of complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies. With about 12% of its net sales earmarked for R&D and a large international footprint  PCAS is the preferred industrial partner for market-leading major global groups. Boasting especially high standards  the company offers a growing range of proprietary products and solutions in leading-edge segments. PCAS generated net sales of €226.4 million in 2022 and employs nearly 1100 people in six countries.To find out more about PCAS: www.pcas.comPCAS NewCapJean-Louis Martin / Eric MoissenotEmmanuel Huynh / Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCapFinancial communication and investor relation Tel.: +33 1 69 79 60 00www.pcas.com Tel.: +33 1 44 71 98 53pcas@newcap.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.56,0.08,0.36,True,English,"['PCAS', 'SALES', 'DECEMBER', 'Other areas Total Net Sales', 'market-leading major global groups', 'several Pharmaceutical Synthesis sites', 'favorable EUR/USD exchange rate', 'consolidated data Pharmaceutical Synthesis', 'constant exchange rate % change', 'The Pharmaceutical Synthesis business', 'ongoing legal proceedings', 'large international footprint', 'preferred industrial partner', 'NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE', 'Fine Specialty Chemicals', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCap', 'consolidated net sales', 'previous financial year', 'The PCAS Group', 'Fine Chemicals', 'Financial communication', 'future business', 'English French', 'Euronext Paris', 'complex molecules', 'life sciences', 'innovative technologies', 'same period', 'corresponding receivables', 'strong demand', 'Turku site', 'price increases', 'past months', 'raw materials', 'positive trend', 'fixed costs', 'inventory depreciations', 'temporary reduction', 'majority shareholder', 'R&D', 'high standards', 'growing range', 'leading-edge segments', 'six countries', 'Jean-Louis Martin', 'Eric Moissenot', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'investor relation', 'PCAS NewCap', 'new products', 'specification products', 'proprietary products', 'Sales growth', 'ABOUT PCAS', 'production site', 'sharp increase', 'positive results', '21.1% increase', '20.1% increase', '17.6% increase', '22.7% increase', '2022 results', 'Ecully', 'February', 'DECEMBER', 'specialist', 'publication', 'millions', 'euros', 'France', 'origin', 'Estetrol', 'Mithra', 'perspective', 'difficulties', 'company', 'impact', 'energy', 'Electronics', 'Cosmetics', 'Lubricants', 'customers', 'dynamics', 'industrialization', 'Outlook', 'November', 'level', 'activity', 'evolution', 'follow-up', 'March', 'context', 'workshops', 'stage', 'consequences', 'client', 'return', 'support', 'Seqens', 'financing', 'activities', 'development', 'solutions', '1100 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '33 1']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,globenewswire.com
17895,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2603074/0/en/ASM-ANNOUNCES-DETAILS-OF-THE-Q4-2022-CONFERENCE-CALL-AND-WEBCAST.html,ASM ANNOUNCES DETAILS OF THE Q4 2022 CONFERENCE CALL AND WEBCAST,Almere  The Netherlands February 7  2023  ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) will report its fourth quarter 2022 financial results at......,Almere  The NetherlandsFebruary 7  2023ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) will report its fourth quarter 2022 financial results at approximately 6:00 p.m. CET on Tuesday February 28  2023.ASM will host the quarterly earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday  March 1  2023  at 3:00 p.m. CET.Conference call participants should pre-register using this link to receive the dial-in numbers  passcode and a personal PIN  which are required to access the conference call.A simultaneous audio webcast  and replay will be accessible at https://www.asm.com/investors/webcasts-presentations/2022/fourth-quarter-earnings .About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com .Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.CONTACT,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.07,0.2,0.73,True,English,"['ASM ANNOUNCES DETAILS', 'Q4 2022 CONFERENCE CALL', 'THE', 'WEBCAST', 'fourth quarter 2022 financial results', 'quarterly earnings conference call', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'Conference call participants', 'simultaneous audio webcast', 'actual results', 'financial statements', 'personal PIN', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'market acceptance', 'new products', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'future developments', 'The Netherlands', 'Tuesday February', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'The Company', 'Almere', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'link', 'numbers', 'passcode', 'replay', 'investors/webcasts-presentations', 'fourth-quarter-earnings', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'success', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'shareholders', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'CONTACT', '6:00', '3:00']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,globenewswire.com
17896,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2603353/0/en/JCDecaux-appoints-Elina-Valtia-as-the-new-CEO-in-Finland.html,JCDecaux appoints Elina Valtia as the new CEO in Finland,JCDecaux appoints Elina Valtia as the new CEO in Finland  Paris  7 February 2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor...,English FrenchJCDecaux appoints Elina Valtia as the new CEO in FinlandParis  7 February 2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  has announced today that Elina Valtia has been appointed as the new CEO of JCDecaux Finland starting from 1st April 2023. She will report in her role to Jean-François Decaux.Elina Valtia has more than 20 years of experience within the media industry. She is moving to JCDecaux from Warner Bros. Discovery Finland  where she has led the ad sales department for the past nine years. In the recent years she has also been the Country Lead of Warner Bros. Discovery Finland and a member of the Nordic management team. During her time at Warner Bros. Discovery  Elina has led the ad sales of streaming service discovery+ and several linear TV channels including the broadcast of the Olympic Games 2018 – 2022. Diversity  equity and inclusion are close to Elina’s heart  and on top of other roles she also acted as the DEI Lead in the Nordics during the merger of Warner Media and Discovery. Elina’s passion is btob sales  and before her career in TV  she has had long employments both in Clear Channel’s and JCDecaux’s ad sales organizations. During her previous tenure in JCDecaux Finland 2007-2014 she acted as a sales team lead.Elina Valtia said: “I feel like I’m coming home. JCDecaux is the absolute outdoor market leader in the world. The opportunities with the new data-led audience targeting and programmatic solutions are incredible. Being able to locally lead a company with such a great brand is an honor and I’m looking very much forward to working with the team.”Jean-François Decaux  Co-Chief Executive Officer of JCDecaux said: “I am extremely excited to have Elina joining the company. She is a highly talented and experienced media executive with a great track record of driving growth. Her reputation as a strong leader is widely acknowledged and I’m thrilled to welcome Elina back.”Key Figures for JCDecaux2022 revenue: €3 317m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of more than 850 million people in more than 80 countries957 706 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 518 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants10 720 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.6/5)  CDP (A- Leadership)  MSCI (AA) and has achieved Platinum Medal status from EcoVadis1st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100 (committed to 100% renewable energy)Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (530 143 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 154 airports and 215 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (340 753 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (72 611 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (596 831 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (232 268 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (64 893 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (20 808 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (14 177 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com.Join us on Twitter  Linkedin  Facebook  Instagram and Youtube.Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Elina Valtia', 'new CEO', 'JCDecaux', 'Finland', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'several linear TV channels', 'Euronext Family Business indexes', 'new data-led audience targeting', 'absolute outdoor market leader', 'Warner Bros. Discovery Finland', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'Jean-François Decaux', 'streaming service discovery', 'Co-Chief Executive Officer', 'Platinum Medal status', 'experienced media executive', 'great track record', 'Nordic management team', 'ad sales organizations', 'past nine years', 'Home Media company', 'Albert Asséraf', 'Rémi Grisard', 'ad sales department', 'sales team lead', 'Warner Media', 'daily audience', 'new CEO', 'media industry', 'btob sales', 'great brand', 'Communications Department', 'Country Lead', 'DEI Lead', 'strong leader', '957,706 advertising panels', 'transport advertising', '72,611 advertising panels', '596,831 advertising panels', '232,268 advertising panels', '64,893 advertising panels', 'English French', '1st April', 'recent years', 'Olympic Games', 'other roles', 'long employments', 'Clear Channel', 'previous tenure', 'programmatic solutions', 'Key Figures', '850 million people', 'extra-financial performance', 'A- Leadership', '1st Out', '100% renewable energy', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'street furniture', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', 'Investor Relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'JCDecaux Finland', 'Elina Valtia', 'JCDecaux SE', 'Euronext 100', '20 years', '7 February', 'number', 'member', 'time', 'broadcast', 'Diversity', 'equity', 'inclusion', 'heart', 'top', 'Nordics', 'merger', 'passion', 'career', 'world', 'opportunities', 'honor', 'talented', 'growth', 'reputation', '2022 revenue', '80 countries', '3,518 cities', '10,000 inhabitants', '10,720 employees', 'Eurolist', 'FTSE4Good', 'CDP', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'EcoVadis', 'RE100', 'pioneer', '154 airports', '215 contracts', 'metros', 'buses', 'trains', 'tramways', 'Europe', 'billboards', 'N°', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Linkedin', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'Youtube', 'asseraf', 'remi', 'Attachment']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,globenewswire.com
17897,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cnh-industrial-n-v-nyse-194905410.html,CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE:CNHI) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript,CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE:CNHI) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript February 2  2023 Operator: Good day  and welcome to today’s CNH Conference Call and Webcast....,CNH Industrial N.V. (NYSE:CNHI) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript February 2  2023Operator: Good day  and welcome to today's CNH Conference Call and Webcast. At this time  I'll hand the call over to Jason Omerza. Please go ahead.Jason Omerza: Thank you  Serge. Good morning and good afternoon to everyone. We would like to welcome you to the webcast and conference call for CNH Industrial's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year Results for the period ending December 31  2022. This call is being broadcast live on our Web site  and is copyrighted by CNH Industrial. Any other use  recording or transmission of any portion of this broadcast without the expressed written consent of CNH Industrial is strictly prohibited. Hosting today's call are CNH Industrial's CEO  Scott Wine; and CFO  Oddone Incisa. They will use the material available for download from the CNH Industrial Web site. Please note that any forward-looking statements that we might be making during today's call are subject to the risks and uncertainties mentioned in the Safe Harbor statement included in the presentation material.Additional information pertaining to the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in the company's most recent report 20-F and EU annual report  as well as other periodic reports and filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  and the equivalent authorities in the Netherlands and Italy. The company presentation includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Additional information  including reconciliations to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures  is included in the presentation material. I will now turn the call over to Scott.Scott Wine: Thank you  Jason. And thanks  everyone  for joining our call. We finished 2022 with solid results as fourth quarter revenues were up over 27%  driving full-year consolidated revenues up 21%. Deliveries and product mix improved in both Agriculture and Construction. Our strength was broad-based  with double-digit year-over-year price realization coming from all regions. We expanded profit margins in both Agriculture and Construction despite significant input cost increases. The industry faced many other headwinds during the year  including a choppy supply chain  elevated freight costs  and ongoing inflation. Late in the year  these issues began to modestly improve. And we anticipate that will continue into 2023. The CNH team's creativity  hard work  and strong execution resulted in company records for both adjusted net income  up $2 billion for the year  and adjusted earnings per share  at $1.46  up 14% over 2021.Story continuesWe also generated $2 billion in free cash flow from industrial activities in the fourth quarter and $1.6 billion for the full-year as we over-delivered on our plans to complete and ship our accumulation of partially built units. This benefited our dealers and put us in a net cash position well ahead of our plan. Last year  we launched two potent margin improvement initiatives  the Strategic Sourcing Program  and the CNHI Business System  which we refer to as CBS. Continuous improvement is hard  especially in pursuit of breakthrough results. But our team has embraced this lean mindset  and is poised to deliver value across the business. Looking ahead  we remain focused on executing our strategy  including significant investments in out tech stack and product development.Derek Neilson and his team continue to drive exceptional performance  delivering a strong fourth quarter  with full-year net sales for the AG business up 22%. This growth was largely propelled by robust industry demand and significant year-over-year price realization  especially in North and South America. We saw improved product mix  including Precision AG revenues up 32%  which benefited from both an increased take rate for factor-fit precision options and incremental rate in sales. AG profitability remained healthy  with Q4 gross margins up 280 basis points  and adjusted EBIT margin up 310 points admittedly against an easy comp. Margins were down sequentially versus our record third quarter performance impacted by regional mix and the non-standard work required to finished units.Overall  I'm extremely pleased with the AG team's performance and results. For 2022  AG adjusted EBIT was nearly $2.5 billion  marking our highest profit in more than a decade. We are executing on our customer-centric strategy and customers have responded with continued demand for our high-end products at prices offsetting increased escalated production cost. They have also recognized us with improved net promoter scores  5% higher than in 2021. Derek and his team are ensuring that customer is at the center of all we do  driving the right behaviors and results. Stefano Pampalone and his Construction team executed quite well in the fourth quarter with strong momentum from Sampierana integration  manufacturing improvements  and enhanced customer focus; we expect even better progress in 2023  and beyond.2022 net sales were up 16% for both the full-year and the fourth quarter  with noteworthy growth in Europe and South America. Organic growth accounted for about two-thirds of the increase in the remainder  with the remainder attributed to Sampierana. Their excavator portfolio and technology innovations have enhanced our ability to meet customer needs  and their Eurocomach platforms provide an outstanding foundation for electrification. Construction adjusted EBIT for the quarter was $34 million at a 3.5% margin. Full-year adjusted EBIT was up 38%  to $124 million. And we are encouraged by the ongoing progress in Construction. The team is well-positioned to deliver on their strategic initiatives  support their dealers and customers  and gain market share.This past December  we held an engaging Tech Day to showcase our extensive suite of precision AG technology. Attendees met our deep team of experts in automation  autonomy  and connected platforms to better understand the cutting edge products we are developing. Through a series of live demo stations  the team exhibited the real world applications of our groundbreaking . The products and technology that we demonstrated at Tech Day that you see here on this page and those we will be releasing over the next few years  prove our commitment to being a leader in precision agriculture. We reiterate our expectation to deliver over $1 billion of Precision AG sales in 2023. I also want to highlight two recent investments made through our CNH Industrial Ventures arm.Stout Industrial Technology is a U.S.-based startup focused on AI-powered smart agriculture implements. EarthOptics has proprietary sensor technology that precisely measures soil health and structure. By taking minority stakes in these and similar companies through our Ventures portfolio  CNH is staying on the cutting edge of emerging technology to develop solutions to provide real advantages for customers. CHN remains committed to adding value and creating profitable growth for its customers and shareholders through sustainability. We have a strong history of sustainability performance as evidenced by our recognitions and our innovative products  including the New Holland methane tractor and electric mini excavator pictured here. In 2022  we pledged to set science-based targets that will enhance our operation's Scope 1 and 2 emissions goals  and establish a first-time decarbonization goals related to our products  which we'll announce later this year.With that  I will turn it over to Oddone to take you through our financial results. Oddone?Oddone Incisa: Yes  thank you  Scott  and good morning  good afternoon to everyone on the call. So  fourth quarter net sales from Industrial Activities  of nearly $6.4 billion  were up over 27% net of adverse FX impacts. Full-year net sales of Industrial Activities  of $21.5 billion  were up 21% or over 24% at constant currency. Continued price adjustments were significant drivers for the top line growth in the quarter  and volume and mix also accounted for around 15% sales increase from Q4  2021. Our Industrial segment's fourth quarter gross margin was 21.7%  and 22.2% for the full-year. The year-over-year margin improvement  of 1.5 points  is mainly due to strong and profitable growth in South America  and disciplined price realization globally  which more than offset rising productions cost.Q4 adjusted EBIT came in at $680 million  up $302 million from 2021  with a corresponding EBIT margin of 10.7%  a 310 business points improvement versus prior year. Full-year adjusted EBIT of Industrial Activities was $2.4 billion with a margin of 11.3%  up 140 basis points from 2021. Free cash flow from Industrial Activities was $1.6 billion in 2022  which turned our initial Industrial Activities net debt into a net cash position of $362 million at the end of the year  as Scott discussed in his introductory slide. Adjusted net income for the quarter was $486 million  up $61 million compared to prior year. This resulted in adjusted earnings per share of $0.36  up $0.05 year-over-year  and full-year adjusted EPS was $1.46. Adjusted net income for the quarter was affected by a higher tax rate due to discreet items booked in Q4.The full-year adjusted effective tax rate was about 28% mainly due to the jurisdictional mix of pre-tax profit with higher rates coming from South America. And we will likely see the tax rate a point or two lower in 2023. Available liquidity  as of December 31  was $10.6 billion. And at the Annual General Meeting  the Board of CNH Industrial is planning to recommend an annual cash dividend of $0.36 per common share  totaling a little over $500 million in distribution to shareholders. In the fourth quarter  strong volumes and double-digit price realization continued to shield us from the steep increase in production costs. R&D and our SG&A expenses were higher by technology investments  inflation  and newly acquired businesses. Energy costs increased year-over-year but still accounted for about half-a-percent of our total costs worldwide.Agriculture adjusted EBIT increased by $287 million  to reach $701 million with a margin of 13.1%  up more than 300 basis points from the same quarter in 2021. The higher profits were driven by higher volumes and favorable pricing  which offset higher products cost  SG&A  and R&D expenses. Gross profit was up $394 million compared to Q4 2021  exceeding $1.2 billion with a margin of 13.1%. For the full-year  gross profit was up $989 million or up 140 basis points from 2021 largely driven by strong price realization coming from all regions and better product mix  including margin-rich technology-related sales growing by about 32%. Construction Equipment adjusted EBIT for Q4 increased by $14 million compared to Q4 2021  reaching $34 million with a margin of 3.5%.Industry  Tractors  ProductPhoto by Museums Victoria on UnsplashThese results were driven by favorable volume and positive price realization. But product cost  including site-related costs  were an outsized headwind for the business. Gross profit across the year was up $82 million compared to the full-year 2021  mainly due to higher volumes and stronger pricing. For our financial service business  net income in the fourth quarter was $75 million  down $50 million compared to 2021. Factors include high risk cost  provisions linked to the termination of the construction business in China  increased labor cost  and compressed margin in North America slightly mitigated by robust volumes across the region as well high recovery on those agreements. Retail originations were $2.9 billion in the quarter reaching $10 billion for the year  up to $100 million from 2021.The managed portfolio at the end of 2022 was $23.8 billion  up $4 billion on a constant currency basis. Delinquencies remained at a low level  up 10 basis points year-over-year to 1.3%. Increase from December 2021 is explained by the in-sourcing of the resolving credit account portfolio that was purchased in October 2022. CNH Industrial Capital America acquired receivables previously held by CD on a private label program that will now be run and booked by our company. Free cash flow from industrial activities in the quarter was over $2 billion on the back of $1.5 billion change in working capital driven in large part by the reduction in manufacturing inventory as we mentioned before. At the end of the year  the total gross debt for industrial activity was $5 billion with a net cash position of $362 million.So  within the first year of the spin-off  we were able to improve our net financial position by $1.5 billion on the back of the cash generated by the operations. This takes to our capital allocation priorities. And we have target spending $4.4 billion in combing R&D and CapEx over the 2022 - 2024 plan period  almost doubling what we were spending in the previous three years. In 2022  we spent the first $1.3 billion of that. And we remain committed to invest in our business to fuel profitable growth. We are confident the product and service we would bring to the market with the spending will ensure higher financial performance in the near future  and more importantly  higher efficiencies to our customers. Strong cash generation helps us maintaining our investment grade rating which has been re-affirmed or improved by all the rating agencies after the spin-off.We returned nearly $600 million to shareholders in 2022 through dividend and share repurchases. And as mentioned earlier  we proposed -- the proposed 2023 dividend itself will total above $500 million. And we plan continuing our share buyback program. We have the liquidity to funding organic growth and you are seeing use the ventures on for minority investments when opportunity arises. We remain committed to our capital allocation strategy and focus on maximizing value for our shareholders. This concludes my prepared remarks. And I will now turn it back to Scott.Scott Wine: Thank you  Oddone. Overall  demand continues to outstrip the industry's ability to supply at least in the near term  which despite record sales has actually dampened the industry levels. Spot commodity prices are trending down. But they are still generally above pre-2022 levels. And fortunately for farmers  fertilizers and other input cost are dropping as well. In North America  elevated farm incomes are sustaining demand for high horsepower tractors and combines. While small tractor demands has slowed from a lofty level seen over the past two years. We see the European Ag industry flattening as the macro-environment starts to impact equipment demand there. South America and Brazil in particular is a very good market for us.The business conditions in Brazil are inflexed following a presidential election. But we believe that the fundamentals are still positive for agriculture in the region. We also see good long-term opportunities in APAC. But this year will likely be slightly down. In construction  global demand is trending is lower. And we expect residential and commercial markets in North America and Europe to decline in 2023 due to rising interest rates. However  public construction spending at least partially fills in those gaps in United States. In Europe and South America  construction markets will be down in reaction to the overall macro-environment. We expect net sales of industrial activities to increase 6% to 10%. With confidence in the stickiness of our 2022 price increases  we expect to build on our margin gains by taking more cost out of our system.We are committed to growing market share. And we have the products  brands  and dealer network to do just that. Returning to full production in our North American plants will also help. Our SG&A as a percentage of sales remains one of the lowest in the industry. And despite inflationary pressures  we will severely limit SG&A growth. Free cash flow will be between $1.3 billion and $1.5 billion. A little lower than last year as we have earmarked $1.6 billion for R&D and CapEx  up about $300 million from 2022. Even accounting for the increased R&D cost  our EBIT is projected to grow slightly faster than our top line. We are becoming a simpler  leaner company every day. And expect to modestly improve our industrial margins throughout the year. Earlier today  we announced that our Board of Directors has determined that our shareholders would be best served by a single listing in United States.The majority of our trading in CNH Industrial stock has been shifting to the New York Stock Exchange since the snip-off of Iveco Group. Revealing that CNH's new business profile and investor base better fit with the single New York Stock Exchange listing. Concentrating trading in one market will allow for increased liquidity of our stock  improve investor focus  further simplify the company's profile  enable broader index inclusion  and attract more passive investors. The current Italian regulations only permit the delisting of stocks when they are or will be listed on another EU exchange. By definition  the stock exchange does not qualify. CNH Industrial has an open dialog with Borsa Italiana on Euronext. And we told them about of our intention to leave the European listing.The harmonization and modernization of the Italian financial system  which is underway  is expected to include the New York Stock Exchange as an acceptable exchange. This is our preferred path for smooth delisting from Euronext Milan. But not the only option if this becomes untimely. We are targeting sole trading on NYSE by the end of 2023. But that could shift into 2024 depending on the timing of the regulation change. Rest assured  we will delist it soon as it is legally possible. At this point  we do not intend to change our incorporation in the Netherlands or our tax domicile in U.K. as part of the single listing. Therefore  we do not expect any material tax or trading consequences for our shareholders. Our Board of Directors and management team are grateful to Euronext Milan for being our listing venue for the past 10 years  and excited about the company's full return to the NYSE.I want to stress that this does not change the company's longstanding commitment to Italy and the Italian market. CNH employees over 5000 people in Italy made a significant investment with Sampierana acquisition in late 2021  opened its fifth plant in the country in 2022. We also have three R&D centers in Italy developing products that are sold around the world. While the delisting is another step in corporate simplification  real value creation comes from the business. We are now taking orders into Q4 in some markets. And overall demand remained strong. But the uncertain macro-environment  especially toward the end of 2023 requires vigilance as we strive to support our customers  dealers  suppliers  and employees. We expect to escalate combine CapEx and R&D investment as we launch exciting new products and build out the tech stack.We have already introduced some Raven-enabled products  and we will unveil more in 2023. But the real payoff for these higher margin precision solution kicks in 2024. We are happy to have finally secured a contract with UAW North America. The agreement we reached is fair for our employees and sustainable for the company. Employees returned to work this week. And we expect the two affected plants to ramp up to full production in the coming months. While the pace of inflation is slowing  it is still inflation. And we expect it to have an impact on our manufacturing  energy  SG&A  and R&D cost in 2023. On a more positive note  we are seeing modest supply chain improvements. Our primary margin improvement initiative  strategic sourcing  and CBS will start to yield results in 2023.I want to close by emphasizing again how proud I am of the team for what they have accomplished. And ensure you that we are ready to do even more in 2023. That concludes our prepared remarks. And I will now turn call over to Serge to open the line for questions.See also 20 Least Populated States in America and 13 Best Value Dividend Stocks to Buy.To continue reading the Q&A session  please click here.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.74,0.11,0.15,True,English,"['CNH Industrial N.V.', '2022 Earnings Call Transcript', 'CNHI', 'comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures', 'two potent margin improvement initiatives', 'significant input cost increases', 'CNH Industrial N.V.', 'record third quarter performance', 'U.S. Securities', 'CNH Industrial Web site', 'escalated production cost', 'Safe Harbor statement', 'choppy supply chain', 'free cash flow', 'Strategic Sourcing Program', 'factor-fit precision options', 'other periodic reports', 'many other headwinds', 'net cash position', 'net promoter scores', 'EU annual report', 'full-year consolidated revenues', 'Precision AG revenues', 'Q4 gross margins', 'fourth quarter revenues', 'year price realization', 'robust industry demand', 'The CNH team', 'strong fourth quarter', 'CNHI Business System', 'CNH Conference Call', 'full-year net sales', '2022 Earnings Call Transcript', 'Continuous improvement', 'EBIT margin', 'other use', 'significant investments', 'net income', '2022 net sales', 'industrial activities', 'significant year', 'recent report', 'continued demand', 'strong execution', 'exceptional performance', 'strong momentum', 'written consent', 'Oddone Incisa', 'looking statements', 'Additional information', 'Exchange Commission', 'equivalent authorities', 'product mix', 'profit margins', 'freight costs', 'ongoing inflation', 'hard work', 'lean mindset', 'product development', 'AG business', 'South America', 'take rate', 'incremental rate', 'AG profitability', 'easy comp', 'regional mix', 'standard work', 'highest profit', 'a decade', 'high-end products', 'right behaviors', 'Stefano Pampalone', 'Sampierana integration', 'manufacturing improvements', 'double-digit year', 'Jason Omerza', 'Good morning', 'good afternoon', 'Full-Year Results', 'Scott Wine', 'presentation material', 'actual results', 'company presentation', 'solid results', 'company records', 'breakthrough results', 'AG team', 'Derek Neilson', 'customer-centric strategy', 'customer focus', 'Construction team', 'February', 'Operator', 'today', 'Webcast', 'time', 'Serge', 'everyone', 'December', 'recording', 'transmission', 'portion', 'broadcast', 'CEO', 'CFO', 'download', 'forward', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'factors', '20-F', 'filings', 'Netherlands', 'Italy', 'reconciliations', 'Deliveries', 'Agriculture', 'strength', 'regions', 'issues', 'creativity', 'share', 'Story', 'plans', 'units', 'dealers', 'CBS', 'pursuit', 'value', 'stack', 'growth', 'North', 'customers', 'prices', 'center', 'progress']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17898,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ACOMO-N-V-6375/news/ACOMO-N-summoned-by-supplier-42921901/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,ACOMO N : summoned by supplier,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   ACOMO SUBSIDIARY HAS BEEN SUMMONED BY SUPPLIER IN RELATION TO TERMINATED BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP AND CONTESTS CLAIM   ROTTERDAM   07 FEBRUARY 2023   Today  ACOMO N.V.   the Euronext Amsterdam-listed natural food…,PRESS RELEASEACOMO SUBSIDIARY HAS BEEN SUMMONED BY SUPPLIER IN RELATION TO TERMINATED BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP AND CONTESTS CLAIMROTTERDAM (NL)  07 FEBRUARY 2023Today  ACOMO N.V. ('Acomo')  the Euronext Amsterdam-listed natural food products and ingredients Group  announces that a claim has been filed with the Dutch court against Tradin Organic Agriculture B.V.  one of its subsidiaries. The supplier is seeking damages in relation to a terminated business for the supply of organic products.Based upon thorough legal analysis and advice obtained by Acomo  it does not believe the claim has merit. Acomo strongly contests all allegations and will respond in court. The total claim amounts to approximately EUR 55 million.The legal proceedings are not expected to affect the Group's day-to-day operations.This press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the European Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014).[ends]Note to the editorsFor further information  please contact:ACOMO N.V. Creative Venue PR Mrs K.L. Fortmann Mr F.J.M. Witte  spokesperson WTC  Beursplein 37 Sophialaan 43 3011 AA Rotterdam 1075 BM Amsterdam The Netherlands The Netherlands info@acomo.nl f.witte@creativevenue.nl Tel. +31 10 4051195 Tel. +31 20 4525225 www.acomo.nl www.creativevenue.nl,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.17,0.68,True,English,"['ACOMO N', 'supplier', 'Mr F.J.M. Witte', 'Tradin Organic Agriculture B.V.', 'European Market Abuse Regulation', 'Mrs K.L. Fortmann', 'Creative Venue PR', 'natural food products', 'thorough legal analysis', 'ACOMO N.V.', 'TERMINATED BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP', 'organic products', 'legal proceedings', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Amsterdam-listed', 'day operations', '1075 BM Amsterdam', 'The Netherlands', 'CONTESTS CLAIM', 'ingredients Group', 'Dutch court', 'total claim', '3011 AA Rotterdam', 'SUBSIDIARY', 'SUPPLIER', 'NL', '07 FEBRUARY', 'subsidiaries', 'damages', 'supply', 'advice', 'merit', 'allegations', 'information', 'meaning', 'Article', 'Note', 'editors', 'spokesperson', 'WTC', 'Beursplein', 'Sophialaan', 'creativevenue']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17899,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JCDECAUX-SE-4664/news/JCDecaux-appoints-Elina-Valtia-as-the-new-CEO-in-Finland-42921419/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,JCDecaux appoints Elina Valtia as the new CEO in Finland,(marketscreener.com) JCDecaux appoints Elina Valtia as the new CEO in Finland Paris  7 February 2023 – JCDecaux SE   the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  has announced today that Elina Valtia has been appointed as the new CEO of JCDecaux Finl…,JCDecaux appoints Elina Valtia as the new CEO in FinlandParis  7 February 2023 – JCDecaux SE (Euronext Paris: DEC)  the number one outdoor advertising company worldwide  has announced today that Elina Valtia has been appointed as the new CEO of JCDecaux Finland starting from 1st April 2023. She will report in her role to Jean-François Decaux.Elina Valtia has more than 20 years of experience within the media industry. She is moving to JCDecaux from Warner Bros. Discovery Finland  where she has led the ad sales department for the past nine years. In the recent years she has also been the Country Lead of Warner Bros. Discovery Finland and a member of the Nordic management team. During her time at Warner Bros. Discovery  Elina has led the ad sales of streaming service discovery+ and several linear TV channels including the broadcast of the Olympic Games 2018 – 2022. Diversity  equity and inclusion are close to Elina’s heart  and on top of other roles she also acted as the DEI Lead in the Nordics during the merger of Warner Media and Discovery. Elina’s passion is btob sales  and before her career in TV  she has had long employments both in Clear Channel’s and JCDecaux’s ad sales organizations. During her previous tenure in JCDecaux Finland 2007-2014 she acted as a sales team lead.Elina Valtia said: “I feel like I’m coming home. JCDecaux is the absolute outdoor market leader in the world. The opportunities with the new data-led audience targeting and programmatic solutions are incredible. Being able to locally lead a company with such a great brand is an honor and I’m looking very much forward to working with the team.”Jean-François Decaux  Co-Chief Executive Officer of JCDecaux said: “I am extremely excited to have Elina joining the company. She is a highly talented and experienced media executive with a great track record of driving growth. Her reputation as a strong leader is widely acknowledged and I’m thrilled to welcome Elina back.”Key Figures for JCDecaux2022 revenue: €3 317m (a)N°1 Out-of-Home Media company worldwideA daily audience of more than 850 million people in more than 80 countries957 706 advertising panels worldwidePresent in 3 518 cities with more than 10 000 inhabitants10 720 employeesJCDecaux is listed on the Eurolist of Euronext Paris and is part of the Euronext 100 and Euronext Family Business indexesJCDecaux is recognised for its extra-financial performance in the FTSE4Good (3.6/5)  CDP (A- Leadership)  MSCI (AA) and has achieved Platinum Medal status from EcoVadis1st Out-of-Home Media company to join the RE100 (committed to 100% renewable energy)Leader in self-service bike rental scheme: pioneer in eco-friendly mobilityN°1 worldwide in street furniture (530 143 advertising panels)N°1 worldwide in transport advertising with 154 airports and 215 contracts in metros  buses  trains and tramways (340 753 advertising panels)N°1 in Europe for billboards (72 611 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Europe (596 831 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Asia-Pacific (232 268 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Latin America (64 893 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in Africa (20 808 advertising panels)N°1 in outdoor advertising in the Middle East (14 177 advertising panels)(a) Adjusted revenueFor more information about JCDecaux  please visit jcdecaux.com.Join us on Twitter  Linkedin  Facebook  Instagram and Youtube.Communications Department: Albert Asséraf+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 10 – albert.asseraf@jcdecaux.comInvestor Relations: Rémi Grisard+33 (0) 1 30 79 79 93 – remi.grisard@jcdecaux.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.91,0.08,0.01,True,English,"['Elina Valtia', 'new CEO', 'JCDecaux', 'Finland', 'self-service bike rental scheme', 'several linear TV channels', 'Euronext Family Business indexes', 'new data-led audience targeting', 'absolute outdoor market leader', 'Warner Bros. Discovery Finland', 'one outdoor advertising company', 'Jean-François Decaux', 'streaming service discovery', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Platinum Medal status', 'experienced media executive', 'great track record', 'Nordic management team', 'ad sales organizations', 'past nine years', 'Home Media company', 'Albert Asséraf', 'Rémi Grisard', 'ad sales department', 'sales team lead', 'Warner Media', 'daily audience', 'new CEO', 'media industry', 'btob sales', 'great brand', 'Communications Department', 'Country Lead', 'DEI Lead', 'strong leader', '957,706 advertising panels', 'transport advertising', '72,611 advertising panels', '596,831 advertising panels', '232,268 advertising panels', '64,893 advertising panels', '1st April', 'recent years', 'Olympic Games', 'other roles', 'long employments', 'Clear Channel', 'previous tenure', 'programmatic solutions', 'Key Figures', '850 million people', 'extra-financial performance', 'A- Leadership', '100% renewable energy', 'eco-friendly mobility', 'street furniture', 'Latin America', 'Middle East', 'Investor Relations', 'Euronext Paris', 'JCDecaux Finland', 'Elina Valtia', 'JCDecaux SE', 'Euronext 100', '20 years', '7 February', 'number', 'member', 'time', 'broadcast', 'Diversity', 'equity', 'inclusion', 'heart', 'top', 'Nordics', 'merger', 'passion', 'career', 'world', 'opportunities', 'honor', 'talented', 'growth', 'reputation', '2022 revenue', '80 countries', '3,518 cities', '10,000 inhabitants', '10,720 employees', 'Eurolist', 'FTSE4Good', 'CDP', 'MSCI', 'AA', 'EcoVadis', 'RE100', 'pioneer', '154 airports', '215 contracts', 'metros', 'buses', 'trains', 'tramways', 'Europe', 'billboards', 'N°', 'Asia-Pacific', 'Africa', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Linkedin', 'Facebook', 'Instagram', 'Youtube', 'asseraf', 'remi', 'Attachment']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17900,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GENTILI-MOSCONI-S-P-A-149906006/news/Gentili-Mosconi-lands-on-Piazza-Affari-after-EUR20-million-IPO-42921262/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Gentili Mosconi lands on Piazza Affari after EUR20 million IPO,(marketscreener.com) Gentili Mosconi Spa is the third SME to list on the Italian Stock Exchange since the beginning of the year  making its debut on Thursday  bringing the number of companies listed on Euronext Growth Milan to 193. During the placement  the c…,"(Alliance News) - Gentili Mosconi Spa is the third SME to list on the Italian Stock Exchange since the beginning of the year  making its debut on Thursday  bringing the number of companies listed on Euronext Growth Milan to 193.During the placement  the company active in the luxury fashion market that offers design  transformation  printing and customization services for natural fabrics such as silk  cashmere and wools raised EUR20 million  which would rise to EUR23 million if the over-allotment is exercised.The free float at admission is 21.1 percent and the market capitalization is EUR71.2 million.Francesco Gentili  president and CEO of Gentili Mosconi  said  ""We are proud to present Gentili Mosconi to the financial community  sharing this important milestone that represents the fruit of the commitment and dedication that have characterized our work every day for more than 30 years. We are convinced that the listing on Euronext Growth Milan represents a further step toward a future of growth and corporate prosperity that we wish to share with all our employees  customers and investors  who have believed in us and share our passion for beauty  creativity and quality  to whom we extend our heartfelt thanks.""""Gentili Mosconi's commitment to the sustainability of its production processes and respect for people and the environment will receive further stimuli from the daily confrontation with other entrepreneurial realities that share with us the same path of transparency; a path we have committed to pursue since the publication of the first sustainability report in 2020.""Gentili Mosconi's stock is up 2.1 percent at EUR3.8285 per share.By Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo  Alliance News senior reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2023 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['EUR20 million IPO', 'Gentili Mosconi', 'Piazza Affari', 'Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News senior reporter', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'other entrepreneurial realities', 'Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo', 'luxury fashion market', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'first sustainability report', 'Gentili Mosconi Spa', 'market capitalization', 'Francesco Gentili', 'third SME', 'customization services', 'natural fabrics', 'free float', 'financial community', 'important milestone', 'corporate prosperity', 'production processes', 'daily confrontation', 'same path', 'beginning', 'year', 'debut', 'Thursday', 'number', 'companies', 'placement', 'company', 'design', 'transformation', 'printing', 'silk', 'cashmere', 'wools', 'allotment', '21.1 percent', 'president', 'CEO', 'fruit', 'commitment', 'dedication', 'work', 'listing', 'step', 'future', 'employees', 'customers', 'investors', 'passion', 'beauty', 'creativity', 'quality', 'heartfelt', 'respect', 'people', 'environment', 'stimuli', 'transparency', 'publication', 'share', 'Comments', 'questions', 'redazione', 'Copyright', 'rights']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17901,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GEVELOT-S-A-9293384/news/GEVELOT-S-A-Weekly-report-of-share-buyback-February-7-2023-42921618/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,GEVELOT S.A.: Weekly report of share buyback February 7  2023,(marketscreener.com) GEVELOT S.A.GEVELOT S.A.: Weekly report of share buyback February 7  2023 07-Feb-2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this an…,GEVELOT S.A.GEVELOT S.A.: Weekly report of share buyback February 7  202307-Feb-2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.GEVELOT Société Anonyme au capital de 26 932 500 euros Siège Social : 6  boulevard Bineau 92300 LEVALLOIS-PERRET 562 088 542 R.C.S. NANTERRE _________________________ Levallois  le 7 février 2023 Déclaration hebdomadaire des transactions sur actions propres du 30 janvier au 6 février 2023 (ISIN : FR0000033888) Nom de l'émetteur Code Identifiant de l'émetteur Jour de la transaction Code identifiant de l'instrument financier Volume total journalier (en nombre d'actions) Prix pondéré moyen journalier d'acquisition des actions Marché GEVELOT 969500EWBEGIDU4SVC87 01/02/2023 FR0000033888 1 190 0000 XPAR Ces transactions n’ont pas donné lieu à l’utilisation d’instruments dérivés. Dépôt : Site internet Gévelot ; Euronext Growth Regulatory filing PDF fileFile: Weekly report of share buyback February 7  2023,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['GEVELOT S.A.', 'Weekly report', 'share buyback', 'Euronext Growth Regulatory filing PDF file File', '26 932 500 euros Siège Social', 'R.C.S. NANTERRE', 'GEVELOT Société Anonyme', 'instruments dérivés', 'French Regulatory News', 'GEVELOT S.A.', 'Dépôt', 'instrument financier Volume', 'émetteur Code Identifiant', 'Déclaration', 'Marché GEVELOT', 'transaction Code', 'Weekly report', 'share buyback', 'EQS Group', '6, boulevard Bineau', '7 février', '6 février', 'Site internet', 'Gévelot', 'moyen journalier', '18:00 CET', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'capital', 'LEVALLOIS-PERRET', 'transactions', '30 janvier', 'Nom', 'Prix', 'acquisition', 'lieu', 'utilisation']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17902,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HERIGE-110711922/news/Herige-2022-TURNOVER-EUR-792-9-MILLION-42921648/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Herige :  2022 TURNOVER: EUR 792.9 MILLION,(marketscreener.com)  €792.9 million in turnover in 2022  up 11.4%€ million – GAAPTurnover20222021Change %   CurrentLike-for-like1st quarter193.8175.6+10.3%+9.7%2nd quarter219.2199.2+10.0%+7.7%3rd...https://www.marketscreener…,"€792.9 million in turnover in 2022  up 11.4%€ million – GAAPTurnover 2022(1) 2021 Change % Current Like-for-like(2) 1st quarter 193.8 175.6 +10.3% +9.7% 2nd quarter 219.2 199.2 +10.0% +7.7% 3rd quarter 173.7 158.7 +9.4% +6.6% 4th quarter 206.3 178.5 +15.6% +9.1% TOTAL 792.9 712.0 11.4% 8.3% Building Materials Trading 423.2 393.2 +7.6% +7.6% Concrete Industry 138.9 128.1 +8.4% +2.0% Industrial Joinery 201.7 165.7 +21.7% +13.6% Other 62.7 53.2 +17.7% +17.7% Inter-segment eliminations -33.5 -28.2 - -(1) Unaudited figures.(2) Restated for the Vitrolles site (formerly Activence)  MGT and Poralu in Industrial Joinery and for Audoin et Fils in Concrete Industry.Benoît Hennaut  Chairman of the Executive Board of HERIGE Group  said: ""HERIGE's performance in 2022 reflects the importance of its position in the markets  despite the high 2021 comparison basis. In a complex economic context  the Group recorded solid growth in turnover  both in its industrial and materials trading businesses. In 2022  we also accelerated our selective acquisitions strategy to support profitable and sustainable growth by building a range of solutions for more energy-efficient housing. In 2023  in a market environment that remains uncertain  the Group will continue to rely on its know-how  as well as its optimized organization and management model  to meet energy and decarbonization challenges.”Q4 growth of 15.6% (9.1% like-for-like)In the wake of the previous quarter  HERIGE's good business dynamic continued in the fourth quarter  despite the unfavorable economic situation. The Group's three businesses contributed to growth  which came in at 15.6% (9.1% like-for-like) for turnover of €206.3 million. This growth was bolstered by a favorable price effect  due to performance initiatives  as well as a favorable volume/product mix effect.Industrial Joinery expanded by 36.7% (16.8% like-for-like). The business continued to report strong demand in distribution channels for energy renovation  wood and the AM-X product. It also benefited from the latest acquisitions: MGT and Poralu.Building Materials Trading was up 6.5% compared with the same period in 2021  driven by good momentum in Structural Works  joinery and Public Works  as well as showroom and self-service rollouts.Concrete Industry  with 11.4% growth (1.2% like-for-like)  benefited from the integration of ready-mix concrete plants in the Aquitaine region (Audoin & Fils) and from good momentum in precast concrete.Overall  HERIGE recorded a turnover of €792.9 million in 2022  up 11.4% (8.3% like-for-like)  thanks to its responsiveness and ability to anticipate inflation.Outlook and developmentsIn view of the performance achieved over the full year  as well as the Group's discipline in protecting its margins  HERIGE expects to deliver a solid operating performance for the year ended December 31  2022.The Group is taking a cautious approach to 2023 in an uncertain geopolitical and macroeconomic environment marked by rising interest rates and persistently high inflation  as well as a slowdown in the new construction market. HERIGE remains focused on its value-generating development areas  namely by integrating and ramping up its latest acquisitions  consolidating its performances  rolling out its energy efficiency offers and accelerating its CSR initiatives.NEXT PUBLICATION: 2022 results on March 28  2023 (after the close of trading)All our financial communications are available on our website: www.groupe-herige.fr/enAbout HERIGEHERIGE Group focuses on three sectors of the building industry: Building Materials Trading  the Concrete Industry and Industrial Joinery. Originally based in the Vendée region  HERIGE currently employs around 3 000 people and has a strong presence in Western France.HERIGE is listed on Euronext GrowthPEA/PME eligibleIndices: EURONEXT FAMILY BUSINESS  EURONEXT GROWTH ALL SHARE  ENTERNEXT©PEA-PME 150ISIN FR0000066540  Ticker: ALHRG  Reuters ALHRG.PAHERIGEBenoît Hennaut – Chairman of the Executive BoardCaroline Lutinier – Head of Group Communication & CSRTel.: +33 (0)2 51 08 08 08E-mail: communication@groupe-herige.frACTUS finance & communicationCorinne Puissant – Analyst/Investor RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 77 – E-mail: cpuissant@actus.frAnne-Catherine Bonjour – Press RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 93 – E-mail: acbonjour@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: mZtsaZ2XY2uYxnBrZMlsa5JjaW5oyJOYbZaVlmNrZ5jKm5xlyZllbZyaZnBpmWhv- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- Information on annual revenues Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78439-herige_ca_t4_2022_vdef_vuk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.13,0.38,True,English,"['Herige', '2022 TURNOVER', '9 MILLION', 'favorable volume/product mix effect', 'EURONEXT GROWTH ALL SHARE', 'favorable price effect', 'Benoît Hennaut', 'complex economic context', 'unfavorable economic situation', 'rising interest rates', 'value-generating development areas', 'original press release', 'high 2021 comparison basis', 'new construction market', 'Vendée region', 'selective acquisitions strategy', 'EURONEXT FAMILY BUSINESS', 'ready-mix concrete plants', 'next press releases', 'energy efficiency offers', 'good business dynamic', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Building Materials Trading', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'solid operating performance', 'building industry', 'Press Relations', 'market environment', 'Aquitaine region', 'trading businesses', 'solid growth', 'latest acquisitions', 'good momentum', 'Concrete Industry', 'precast concrete', '1st quarter', '2nd quarter', '3rd quarter', '4th quarter', 'Inter-segment eliminations', 'Unaudited figures', 'Vitrolles site', 'Executive Board', 'energy-efficient housing', 'optimized organization', 'management model', 'decarbonization challenges', 'previous quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'three businesses', 'strong demand', 'distribution channels', 'energy renovation', 'AM-X product', 'same period', 'Structural Works', 'Public Works', 'self-service rollouts', 'cautious approach', 'uncertain geopolitical', 'macroeconomic environment', 'high inflation', 'NEXT PUBLICATION', 'financial communications', 'three sectors', 'strong presence', 'Western France', 'Caroline Lutinier', 'Corinne Puissant', 'Investor Relations', 'Anne-Catherine Bonjour', 'annual revenues', 'sustainable growth', 'Q4 growth', 'performance initiatives', 'The Group', 'Industrial Joinery', 'CSR initiatives', 'Reuters ALHRG', 'ACTUS finance', 'Regulated information', 'full year', 'Group Communication', 'HERIGE Group', '11.4% growth', 'turnover', 'GAAP', 'Change', 'Other', 'Activence', 'MGT', 'Poralu', 'Audoin', 'Fils', 'Chairman', 'importance', 'position', 'markets', 'profitable', 'range', 'solutions', 'know-how', 'wake', 'wood', 'showroom', 'integration', 'responsiveness', 'ability', 'Outlook', 'developments', 'view', 'discipline', 'margins', 'slowdown', 'performances', '2022 results', 'March', 'close', 'website', '3,000 people', 'PEA/PME', 'Indices', '©PEA-PME', 'Ticker', 'Head', 'Tel.', 'mail', 'groupe', 'cpuissant', 'acbonjour', 'PDF', 'company']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17903,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEACONSMIND-AG-118892242/news/beaconsmind-AG-Annual-financial-report-to-be-published-by-the-end-of-February-2023-42921451/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,beaconsmind AG: Annual financial report to be published by the end of February 2023,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:beaconsmind AG   a leading SaaS provider in the field of location-based marketing & analytics  announces that the publication of its annual financial report for 2021/2022 will be further delayed. The background to this …,Regulatory News:beaconsmind AG (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: MLBMD)  a leading SaaS provider in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) & analytics  announces that the publication of its annual financial report for 2021/2022 (01.07.2021 to 30.06.2022) will be further delayed. The background to this is the complex changeover to IFRS financial reporting from Swiss GAAP  which involves a considerable amount of additional work. In this context beaconsmind and the auditing company PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) require more time for the audit than planned. beaconsmind and PwC are working flat out to complete the audit process. The publication of the 2021/2022 annual financial report is scheduled for the end of February 2023.About beaconsmindFounded in 2015 in Switzerland  beaconsmind AG is a pioneer in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) software for retail chains. By fitting stores with Bluetooth beacons that precisely locate and identify customers  and by integrating its Software Suite  beaconsmind opens a brand-new channel for retailers to interact with their customers. Thanks to its solution  retailers can converge digital and physical shopping and address the convenience gaps of each. The shares of the company (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: MLBMD) are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with XETRA trading and on Euronext in Paris.For more information  please visit www.beaconsmind.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230207005970/en/,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['Annual financial report', 'AG', 'end', 'February', '2021/2022 annual financial report', 'IFRS financial reporting', 'leading SaaS provider', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Regulatory News', 'location-based marketing', 'complex changeover', 'Swiss GAAP', 'considerable amount', 'additional work', 'retail chains', 'Bluetooth beacons', 'Software Suite', 'new channel', 'physical shopping', 'convenience gaps', 'XETRA trading', 'source version', 'auditing company', 'audit process', 'LBM) software', 'beaconsmind AG', 'Ticker', 'MLBMD', 'field', 'analytics', 'publication', 'background', 'context', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers', 'PwC', 'time', 'end', 'February', 'Switzerland', 'pioneer', 'stores', 'customers', 'retailers', 'solution', 'digital', 'shares', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'information', 'businesswire']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17904,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WAVESTONE-45568714/news/Wavestone-Declaration-according-to-article-223-16-AMF-42921647/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Wavestone :  Declaration according to article 223-16 (AMF),(marketscreener.com)  In accordance with article L233-8 of commercial law  Wavestone informs its shareholders that as ofJanuary 31  2023  its capital was composed of 20 196 492 shares representing 32 529 647 voting rights according to article 223-11 of the…,"In accordance with article L233-8 of commercial law  Wavestone informs its shareholders that as ofJanuary 31  2023  its capital was composed of 20 196 492 shares representing 32 529 647 voting rights according to article 223-11 of the AMF.About WavestoneIn a world where knowing how to drive transformation is the key to success  Wavestone's mission is to inform and guide large companies and organizations in their most critical transformations  with the ambition of a positive outcome for all stakeholders. It's an ambition anchored in the firm's DNA and embodied in the signature “The Positive Way.”Wavestone brings together more than 4 000 employees in Europe  in the United States and in Asia.Wavestone is listed on Euronext Paris and recognized as a Great Place to Work®.WavestonePascal ImbertCEOTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00Justine BrossetFinancial CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)1 49 03 20 00 ActusMathieu OmnesInvestor and Analyst RelationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92Deborah SchwartzPress relationsTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 35This publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lpidlpdmYWaXm5uaY52XmpeZb5dpw5SVbJOXxpVpZJ+VbJtjmGtkapbHZnBpmWhq- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Total number of voting rights and capital:- Information on the total number of voting rights and shares making up the share capital Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/78434-wavestone_declaration-amf_230207-en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.88,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['Wavestone', 'Declaration', 'article', 'AMF', 'Pascal Imbert CEO', 'original press release', 'next press releases', 'The Positive Way', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Press relations', 'positive outcome', 'commercial law', '32,529,647 voting rights', 'large companies', 'critical transformations', 'United States', 'Euronext Paris', 'Great Place', 'Justine Brosset', 'Financial Communication', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Analyst Relations', 'Deborah Schwartz', 'Total number', 'Regulated information', 'share capital', 'accordance', 'article', 'Wavestone', 'shareholders', '20,196,492 shares', 'AMF.', 'world', 'success', 'mission', 'organizations', 'ambition', 'stakeholders', 'firm', 'DNA', 'signature', '4,000 employees', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Work', 'Tel.', 'Investor', 'publication', 'Full', 'PDF', 'email', 'company', '33', '1 49', '1 53']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17905,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTALIA-SA-16860996/news/Signing-of-a-new-250-million-euros-syndicated-loan-bringing-the-total-amount-of-credit-facilities-a-42921722/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490 million euros,(marketscreener.com) Signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490 million euros Voltalia   an international player in renewable energy  announces the signing of a new 250 mill…,"Signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490million eurosVoltalia (Euronext Paris ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  announces the signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated credit facility. This new credit line replicates the innovative framework of those put in place in 2019 and 2021: the interest rate may be subsidized depending on the achievement of certain Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) criteria.""The signing of this new syndicated loan allows us to almost double the amount of bank facilities we have at our disposal today. We warmly thank our banking partners  both old and new  for this vote of confidence. As in 2019 and 2021  this financing  the cost of which will be linked to the achievement of non-financial objectives  underlines our desire to pursue concrete CSR actions in the exercise of our mission: improving the global environment by promoting local development""  said Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.The 250 million euros loan  with a maturity of 5 years extendable to 7 years  is composed of a revolving credit facility (for two thirds) and a term loan that can be drawn down for two years (for one third). The loan also benefits from an extension clause allowing the amount to be increased during the life of the loan.This new syndicated loan comes in addition to the 170 million euros already in place in June 2021. Its purpose is to strengthen the Group's financial flexibility in the context of its continued growth. It will be used  for example  to pre-finance construction work on new power plants before project financing is drawn down. This approach is particularly well suited to Europe  where clients are willing to pay a higher price if projects are started quickly.The new financing is Sustainability-Linked  i.e. the interest rates will potentially be affected by the Group's achievement of the following non-financial objectives:Occupational health and safety performance;Business conduct and ethics;Environmental  Social and Governance (""ESG"") performance of the company as assessed by the Gaïa extra-financial rating carried out by the EthiFinance1 agency.This loan was contracted with a syndicate of eight banking partners: BNP Paribas  CACIB as Mandated Arrangers and Bookrunners  Natixis as Lead Arranger and Credit Agent  and Arkéa  Pireaus  La Banque Postale  CIC and Goldman Sachs as Arrangers.EthiFinance conducted the extra-financial analysis of Voltalia to establish its ESG rating.Next on the agenda: FY 2022 Results  on March 23  2023 (before market opening)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has a generating capacity in operation and under construction of 2.6 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing a total capacity of 13.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.With more than 1 550 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally for its customers.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment A (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the EnterNext Tech 40  CAC Mid & Small and Euronext Tech Leaders indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. VoltaliaInvestor Relations : invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPresse Contact: Loris Daougabelldaougabel@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 111 As agreed in 2019 with EthiFinance for the structuring of the previous transaction  the extra-financial rating agency EthiFinance has committed to provide an annual ESG rating based on its Gaïa methodology adapted to European small and mid-caps.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.79,0.21,0.0,True,English,"['new 250 million euros syndicated loan', '490 million euros', 'total amount', 'credit facilities', 'Signing', 'Group', 'new 250 million euros syndicated credit facility', 'new 250 million euros syndicated loan', 'Euronext Paris ISIN code', 'Euronext Tech Leaders indices', 'Gaïa extra-financial rating', 'revolving credit facility', 'new syndicated loan', '250 million euros loan', 'new credit line', 'new power plants', 'concrete CSR actions', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'La Banque Postale', 'Gaïa methodology', 'energy efficiency services', 'extra-financial rating agency', 'renewable energy sector', 'annual ESG rating', 'following non-financial objectives', 'eight banking partners', '170 million euros', 'renewable energy projects', 'new financing', 'credit facilities', 'Credit Agent', 'Arkéa', 'extra-financial analysis', 'EnterNext Tech', 'Gaïa-Index', 'EthiFinance1 agency', 'term loan', 'ESG) criteria', 'ESG"") performance', 'international player', 'innovative framework', 'interest rate', 'bank facilities', 'global environment', 'two thirds', 'one third', 'extension clause', 'financial flexibility', 'continued growth', 'higher price', 'Occupational health', 'safety performance', 'Business conduct', 'BNP Paribas', 'Lead Arranger', 'Goldman Sachs', 'FY 2022 Results', 'market opening', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'corporate market', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'regulated market', 'CAC Mid', 'responsible midcaps', 'Investor Relations', 'Presse Contact', 'Loris Daougabel', 'previous transaction', 'project financing', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'Environmental, Social', 'local development', 'construction work', 'Mandated Arrangers', 'investor clients', 'European small', 'The Group', 'total amount', 'two years', 'green electricity', '5 years', '7 years', 'Signing', 'Voltalia', 'place', 'achievement', 'Governance', 'disposal', 'vote', 'confidence', 'cost', 'desire', 'exercise', 'mission', 'CEO', 'maturity', 'life', 'addition', 'June', 'purpose', 'context', 'example', 'approach', 'ethics', 'company', 'CACIB', 'Bookrunners', 'Natixis', 'Pireaus', 'CIC', 'agenda', 'March', 'operation', '2.6 GW', 'portfolio', '13.6 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,550 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'customers', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'T.', 'mid-caps', 'Attachment', '2019']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17906,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2603384/0/en/Signing-of-a-new-250-million-euros-syndicated-loan-bringing-the-total-amount-of-credit-facilities-available-to-the-Group-to-490-million-euros.html,Signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490 million euros,Signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490   million euros ...,"English FrenchSigning of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490million eurosVoltalia (Euronext Paris ISIN code: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  announces the signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated credit facility. This new credit line replicates the innovative framework of those put in place in 2019 and 2021: the interest rate may be subsidized depending on the achievement of certain Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) criteria.""The signing of this new syndicated loan allows us to almost double the amount of bank facilities we have at our disposal today. We warmly thank our banking partners  both old and new  for this vote of confidence. As in 2019 and 2021  this financing  the cost of which will be linked to the achievement of non-financial objectives  underlines our desire to pursue concrete CSR actions in the exercise of our mission: improving the global environment by promoting local development""  said Sébastien Clerc  CEO of Voltalia.The 250 million euros loan  with a maturity of 5 years extendable to 7 years  is composed of a revolving credit facility (for two thirds) and a term loan that can be drawn down for two years (for one third). The loan also benefits from an extension clause allowing the amount to be increased during the life of the loan.This new syndicated loan comes in addition to the 170 million euros already in place in June 2021. Its purpose is to strengthen the Group's financial flexibility in the context of its continued growth. It will be used  for example  to pre-finance construction work on new power plants before project financing is drawn down. This approach is particularly well suited to Europe  where clients are willing to pay a higher price if projects are started quickly.The new financing is Sustainability-Linked  i.e. the interest rates will potentially be affected by the Group's achievement of the following non-financial objectives:Occupational health and safety performance;Business conduct and ethics;Environmental  Social and Governance (""ESG"") performance of the company as assessed by the Gaïa extra-financial rating carried out by the EthiFinance1 agency.This loan was contracted with a syndicate of eight banking partners: BNP Paribas  CACIB as Mandated Arrangers and Bookrunners  Natixis as Lead Arranger and Credit Agent  and Arkéa  Pireaus  La Banque Postale  CIC and Goldman Sachs as Arrangers.EthiFinance conducted the extra-financial analysis of Voltalia to establish its ESG rating.Next on the agenda: FY 2022 Results  on March 23  2023 (before market opening)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in the renewable energy sector. The Group produces and sells electricity generated from wind  solar  hydraulic  biomass and storage facilities that it owns and operates. Voltalia has a generating capacity in operation and under construction of 2.6 GW and a portfolio of projects under development representing a total capacity of 13.6 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider and supports its investor clients in renewable energy projects during all phases  from design to operation and maintenance.As a pioneer in the corporate market  Voltalia provides a global offer to private companies  ranging from the supply of green electricity and energy efficiency services to the local production of their own electricity.With more than 1 550 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally for its customers.Voltalia is listed on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  compartment A (FR0011995588 – VLTSA) and is part of the EnterNext Tech 40  CAC Mid & Small and Euronext Tech Leaders indices. The Group is also included in the Gaïa-Index  an index for socially responsible midcaps. VoltaliaInvestor Relations : invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 ActifinPresse Contact: Loris Daougabelldaougabel@actifin.fr . T. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 111 As agreed in 2019 with EthiFinance for the structuring of the previous transaction  the extra-financial rating agency EthiFinance has committed to provide an annual ESG rating based on its Gaïa methodology adapted to European small and mid-caps.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.82,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['new 250 million euros syndicated loan', '490 million euros', 'total amount', 'credit facilities', 'Signing', 'Group', 'new 250 million euros syndicated credit facility', 'new 250 million euros syndicated loan', 'Euronext Paris ISIN code', 'Euronext Tech Leaders indices', 'Gaïa extra-financial rating', 'revolving credit facility', 'new syndicated loan', '250 million euros loan', 'new credit line', 'new power plants', 'concrete CSR actions', 'Sébastien Clerc', 'La Banque Postale', 'Gaïa methodology', 'energy efficiency services', 'following non-financial objectives', 'extra-financial rating agency', 'renewable energy sector', 'annual ESG rating', 'eight banking partners', '170 million euros', 'renewable energy projects', 'new financing', 'credit facilities', 'Credit Agent', 'Arkéa', 'extra-financial analysis', 'EnterNext Tech', 'Gaïa-Index', 'EthiFinance1 agency', 'term loan', 'ESG) criteria', 'ESG"") performance', 'English French', 'international player', 'innovative framework', 'interest rate', 'bank facilities', 'global environment', 'two thirds', 'one third', 'extension clause', 'financial flexibility', 'continued growth', 'higher price', 'Occupational health', 'safety performance', 'Business conduct', 'BNP Paribas', 'Lead Arranger', 'Goldman Sachs', 'FY 2022 Results', 'market opening', 'hydraulic, biomass', 'storage facilities', 'service provider', 'corporate market', 'global offer', 'private companies', 'local production', 'regulated market', 'CAC Mid', 'responsible midcaps', 'Investor Relations', 'Presse Contact', 'Loris Daougabel', 'previous transaction', 'project financing', 'generating capacity', 'total capacity', 'Environmental, Social', 'local development', 'construction work', 'Mandated Arrangers', 'investor clients', 'European small', 'The Group', 'total amount', 'two years', 'green electricity', '5 years', '7 years', 'Signing', 'Voltalia', 'place', 'achievement', 'Governance', 'disposal', 'vote', 'confidence', 'cost', 'desire', 'exercise', 'mission', 'CEO', 'maturity', 'life', 'addition', 'June', 'purpose', 'context', 'example', 'approach', 'ethics', 'company', 'CACIB', 'Bookrunners', 'Natixis', 'Pireaus', 'CIC', 'agenda', 'March', 'operation', '2.6 GW', 'portfolio', '13.6 GW', 'phases', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'supply', '1,550 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'customers', 'compartment', 'VLTSA', 'socially', 'T.', 'mid-caps', 'Attachment', '2019', '33']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,globenewswire.com
17907,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ALPHA-MOS-61956556/news/Alpha-MOS-BOYDSense-an-Alpha-MOS-subsidiary-selected-among-the-12-most-innovative-French-Medtec-42922520/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Alpha MOS : BOYDSense (an Alpha MOS subsidiary)  selected among the 12 most innovative French Medtech by the National Union of the Medical Technology Industry (SNITEM),(marketscreener.com)   COMMUNIQUE DE PRESSE   Toulouse  February 7th 2023  18h   BOYDSense   selected among the 12 most   innovative French Medtech by the National Union of the Medical Technology   Industry    BOYDSense SAS  subsidiary of Alp…,COMMUNIQUE DE PRESSEToulouse  February 7th 2023  18hBOYDSense (an Alpha MOS subsidiary)  selected among the 12 mostinnovative French Medtech by the National Union of the Medical TechnologyIndustry (SNITEM)BOYDSense SAS  subsidiary of Alpha MOS (Euronext Paris  ISIN : FR0013421286 ALNEO)  has been selected by a jury from the National Union of the Medical Technology Industry (SNITEM) in ordert o participate to the 8th edition of the start-upsday  organized on April 4th at la Cité des Sciences. This event brings together all start-upsrelated to Medtech and awards  at the end of a day of conferences and workshops  a jury prize and a public prize  among 12 start- ups.BOYDSense's flagship innovation is Lassie  a non-invasive platform for monitoring blood glucose levels through breath analysis for people with diabetes. This method replaces fingertip micropuncture and transforms chronic disease monitoring with a painless  reliable and compact device.We are very proud that our solution will be honored on this day  as it makes a significant difference in the lives of people with diabetes. The health and comfort of people suffering from chronic diseases are at the heart of our priorities. Lassie will be presented to the Medtech community on April 4th » said Ben Delhey  CEO of BOYDSense.The 12 start-ups were selected according to four criteria :The potential of the solution The potential of the target market The quality of the team The proposed business plan.About BOYDSenseBOYDSense  SAS is a medical technology company developing an affordable  non-invasive health monitoring platform to measure various biomarkers via exhaled air.BOYDSense's first product in development  named Lassie™ is a device that allows people with diabetes to accurately measure blood glucose values without pain. The BOYDSense platform will also allow patients and healthcare professionals to use the breath analyzer as a non- invasive way to detect and monitor diseases such as cancer  obesity  asthma  etc.BOYDSense is a subsidiary of Alpha MOS  leader in sensory analysis.More information : www.boydsense.com.This press release  and the information it contains  does not constitute a solicitation of an order to purchase or subscribe for securities in France or in countries other than France.1,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.68,0.11,0.21,True,English,"['12 most innovative French Medtech', 'Medical Technology Industry', 'Alpha MOS subsidiary', 'National Union', 'BOYDSense', 'SNITEM', 'affordable, non-invasive health monitoring platform', 'chronic disease monitoring', 'Medical Technology Industry', 'la Cité des', 'blood glucose levels', 'medical technology company', 'blood glucose values', 'The BOYDSense platform', 'innovative French Medtech', 'Alpha MOS subsidiary', 'National Union', 'Euronext Paris', '8th edition', 'public prize', '12 start- ups', 'flagship innovation', 'breath analysis', 'fingertip micropuncture', 'painless, reliable', 'significant difference', 'chronic diseases', 'Medtech community', 'Ben Delhey', 'four criteria', 'target market', 'business plan', 'various biomarkers', 'first product', 'healthcare professionals', 'breath analyzer', 'invasive way', 'sensory analysis', 'press release', 'jury prize', 'compact device', 'More information', 'BOYDSense SAS', 'PRESSE', 'Toulouse', 'February', 'SNITEM', 'ISIN', 'ordert', 'start-upsday', 'April', 'Sciences', 'event', 'start-upsrelated', 'awards', 'end', 'conferences', 'workshops', 'Lassie', 'people', 'diabetes', 'method', 'solution', 'lives', 'comfort', 'heart', 'priorities', 'CEO', '12 start-ups', 'potential', 'quality', 'team', 'exhaled', 'air', 'development', 'patients', 'cancer', 'obesity', 'asthma', 'leader', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'France', 'countries']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17908,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/QUADIENT-S-A-4674/news/New-Drop-Box-Facilitates-Returns-with-Parcel-Pending-by-Quadient-Lockers-in-UK-Evri-to-be-the-First-42914456/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,New Drop Box Facilitates Returns with Parcel Pending by Quadient Lockers in UK; Evri to be the First Carrier to Use the Technology,(marketscreener.com) New Drop Box Facilitates Returns with Parcel Pending by Quadient Lockers in UK; Evri to be the First Carrier to Use the Technology The new Drop Box and optional Printer for Quadient parcel lockers streamlines returns and facilitates parce…,New Drop Box Facilitates Returns with Parcel Pending by Quadient Lockers in UK; Evri to be the First Carrier to Use the TechnologyThe new Drop Box and optional Printer for Quadient parcel lockers streamline s returns and facilitate s parcel collection management for carriersThe innovation is being presented today by Quadient and Evri at The Delivery Conference in LondonLondon  February 7  2023Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels and a major global parcel locker operator  introduced today an additional feature for its Parcel Pending by Quadient smart lockers that enables shoppers to easily drop off parcels  with the added ability to print shipping labels if needed.On average  researchers estimate 20% to 24% of online purchases are returned to retailers. Additionally  the evolution of the circular economy is highly impacting the e-commerce landscape  contributing to the surge in customer-to-customer (C2C) parcel volumes and delivery services. These trends are leading carriers to look for ways to scale their first-mile activity and innovate to reduce the associated rising costs. Thanks to Quadient’s modular design  the Drop Box and Printer comes as a unit that can be added to new or existing locker configurations. This module enables consumers to place packages directly into the Drop Box by simply scanning a barcode label  maximising parcel volume while minimising the locker footprint. Users also have the ability to print standard shipping labels directly from the built-in printer. Quadient’s cloud-based monitoring technology captures every step of the process and gives carriers full visibility of the parcels’ status at any time.As the new solution becomes available in the UK  one of the country’s largest parcel delivery companies  Evri  will be the first carrier to offer the Drop Box and Printer capability to its customers. Evri is one of four international carriers that have joined the Quadient smart locker open network in the UK. The open locker network already accounts for about 300 locker stations in operation  with plans to reach 5 000 units in the coming years at the pace of about 200 new locations per month.“The introduction of our fully integrated Drop Box with optional Printer in our carrier-agnostic network makes us unique to the market ” said Ian Caminsky  SVP & MD Parcel Locker Solutions DACHIT-UKI  Quadient. “Quadient is leveraging its long-standing experience in Japan  France  the US and the UK to bring to market innovations that focus on creating operational efficiencies and eliminating time consuming processes. We are honoured to have Evri as our first integrated carrier to use this new feature to easily manage their first mile flows and deliver exceptional customer experiences to online shoppers.”“We’re delighted to expand our out of home network with Quadient’s smart locker network  taking advantage of new locker technology. It will increase the convenience of sending by allowing customers to print a label directly from the locker 24/7  which is great for customers who can’t print at home and means that Quadient’s locker network offers the same services as our ParcelShops. The Drop Box functionality provides a quick and simple way for small businesses to send multiple parcels in one go and maximises the number of parcels that can be handled at a single locker location each day ” said Kath Gill  Head of Out of Home at Evri.On-screen user satisfaction surveys conducted by Quadient in December 2022 and January 2023 collecting over 60 000 responses in France and Japan showed more than 97% of respondents are satisfied with their parcel locker experience. In addition  97% of first mile users in Japan are satisfied with their experience  highlighting convenience of the location  a contactless experience and wide hours of availability as the main reasons for satisfaction.In the coming months  Quadient will make the Drop Box and Printer available to retailers and other carriers across Europe and in North America.The new Drop Box and Printer is being presented by Quadient and Evri today in London at the UK e-commerce industry’s main event  The Delivery Conference. Visit Quadient at Stand No. 11 to learn more.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalised connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid 60 and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.About EvriEvri is the UK’s biggest dedicated parcel delivery company  delivering over 700 million parcels a year. The company has a mission to be the most convenient way to send  receive and return parcels  without costing the earth. Evri works with most of Europe’s top retailers including Next  John Lewis  M&S and ASOS. The roots of Evri can be traced back to 1974 but the business has grown over the decades and now has a team of 6 700+ employees  20 000+ couriers  10 000+ out of home locations and a growing network of state-of-the-art hubs and depots.For more information about Evri  visit www.evri.com.ContactDominic WalshSpark Communications +44 (0)20 7436 0420quadient@sparkcomms.com.ukAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.97,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['New Drop Box', 'Parcel Pending', 'Quadient Lockers', 'First Carrier', 'Returns', 'UK', 'Evri', 'Technology', 'major global parcel locker operator', 'biggest dedicated parcel delivery company', 'three key solution areas', 'Quadient smart locker open network', 'largest parcel delivery companies', 'screen user satisfaction surveys', 'MD Parcel Locker Solutions', 'The Drop Box functionality', 'open locker network', 'smart locker network', 'parcel collection management', 'C2C) parcel volumes', 'The Delivery Conference', 'existing locker configurations', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalised connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'first mile flows', 'parcel locker experience', 'meaningful customer connections', 'cloud-based monitoring technology', 'exceptional customer experiences', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'standard shipping labels', 'time consuming processes', 'single locker location', 'first integrated carrier', 'four international carriers', 'Quadient smart lockers', 'new locker technology', 'first mile users', 'customer experience excellence', 'New Drop Box', 'Quadient parcel lockers', 'UK e-commerce industry', 'delivery services', 'new solution', 'Parcel Pending', 'locker footprint', '300 locker stations', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'First Carrier', 'carrier-agnostic network', 'e-commerce landscape', '200 new locations', 'new feature', 'long-standing experience', 'contactless experience', 'home network', 'Quadient Lockers', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'additional feature', 'online purchases', 'circular economy', 'first-mile activity', 'rising costs', 'modular design', 'full visibility', 'coming years', 'Ian Caminsky', 'operational efficiencies', 'same services', 'simple way', 'one go', 'Kath Gill', 'wide hours', 'main reasons', 'coming months', 'North America', 'main event', 'Stand No.', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid 60', 'leading carriers', 'other carriers', 'parcels’ status', 'multiple parcels', '700 million parcels', 'barcode label', 'market innovations', 'online shoppers', 'small businesses', 'Visit Quadient', 'optional Printer', 'Printer capability', 'Quadient®', 'Returns', 'Evri', 'London', 'February', 'QDT', 'leader', 'digital', 'researchers', 'retailers', 'evolution', 'surge', 'trends', 'ways', 'associated', 'unit', 'module', 'consumers', 'packages', 'step', 'country', 'customers', 'plans', 'pace', 'introduction', 'SVP', 'DACHIT-UKI', 'Japan', 'France', 'advantage', 'convenience', 'ParcelShops', 'quick', 'number', 'Head', 'December', 'January', '60,000 responses', 'respondents', 'availability', 'Europe', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'information', 'mission']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17909,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2602623/0/en/New-Drop-Box-Facilitates-Returns-with-Parcel-Pending-by-Quadient-Lockers-in-UK-Evri-to-be-the-First-Carrier-to-Use-the-Technology.html,New Drop Box Facilitates Returns with Parcel Pending by Quadient Lockers in UK; Evri to be the First Carrier to Use the Technology,New Drop Box Facilitates Returns with Parcel Pending by Quadient Lockers in UK; Evri to be the First Carrier to Use the Technology  The new Drop Box...,English FrenchNew Drop Box Facilitates Returns with Parcel Pending by Quadient Lockers in UK; Evri to be the First Carrier to Use the TechnologyThe new Drop Box and optional Printer for Quadient parcel lockers streamline s returns and facilitate s parcel collection management for carriersThe innovation is being presented today by Quadient and Evri at The Delivery Conference in LondonLondon  February 7  2023Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a leader in helping businesses create meaningful customer connections through digital and physical channels and a major global parcel locker operator  introduced today an additional feature for its Parcel Pending by Quadient smart lockers that enables shoppers to easily drop off parcels  with the added ability to print shipping labels if needed.On average  researchers estimate 20% to 24% of online purchases are returned to retailers. Additionally  the evolution of the circular economy is highly impacting the e-commerce landscape  contributing to the surge in customer-to-customer (C2C) parcel volumes and delivery services. These trends are leading carriers to look for ways to scale their first-mile activity and innovate to reduce the associated rising costs. Thanks to Quadient’s modular design  the Drop Box and Printer comes as a unit that can be added to new or existing locker configurations. This module enables consumers to place packages directly into the Drop Box by simply scanning a barcode label  maximising parcel volume while minimising the locker footprint. Users also have the ability to print standard shipping labels directly from the built-in printer. Quadient’s cloud-based monitoring technology captures every step of the process and gives carriers full visibility of the parcels’ status at any time.As the new solution becomes available in the UK  one of the country’s largest parcel delivery companies  Evri  will be the first carrier to offer the Drop Box and Printer capability to its customers. Evri is one of four international carriers that have joined the Quadient smart locker open network in the UK. The open locker network already accounts for about 300 locker stations in operation  with plans to reach 5 000 units in the coming years at the pace of about 200 new locations per month.“The introduction of our fully integrated Drop Box with optional Printer in our carrier-agnostic network makes us unique to the market ” said Ian Caminsky  SVP & MD Parcel Locker Solutions DACHIT-UKI  Quadient. “Quadient is leveraging its long-standing experience in Japan  France  the US and the UK to bring to market innovations that focus on creating operational efficiencies and eliminating time consuming processes. We are honoured to have Evri as our first integrated carrier to use this new feature to easily manage their first mile flows and deliver exceptional customer experiences to online shoppers.”“We’re delighted to expand our out of home network with Quadient’s smart locker network  taking advantage of new locker technology. It will increase the convenience of sending by allowing customers to print a label directly from the locker 24/7  which is great for customers who can’t print at home and means that Quadient’s locker network offers the same services as our ParcelShops. The Drop Box functionality provides a quick and simple way for small businesses to send multiple parcels in one go and maximises the number of parcels that can be handled at a single locker location each day ” said Kath Gill  Head of Out of Home at Evri.On-screen user satisfaction surveys conducted by Quadient in December 2022 and January 2023 collecting over 60 000 responses in France and Japan showed more than 97% of respondents are satisfied with their parcel locker experience. In addition  97% of first mile users in Japan are satisfied with their experience  highlighting convenience of the location  a contactless experience and wide hours of availability as the main reasons for satisfaction.In the coming months  Quadient will make the Drop Box and Printer available to retailers and other carriers across Europe and in North America.The new Drop Box and Printer is being presented by Quadient and Evri today in London at the UK e-commerce industry’s main event  The Delivery Conference. Visit Quadient at Stand No. 11 to learn more.About Quadient®Quadient is the driving force behind the world’s most meaningful customer experiences. By focusing on three key solution areas  Intelligent Communication Automation  Parcel Locker Solutions and Mail-Related Solutions  Quadient helps simplify the connection between people and what matters. Quadient supports hundreds of thousands of customers worldwide in their quest to create relevant  personalised connections and achieve customer experience excellence. Quadient is listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and is part of the CAC® Mid 60 and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices.For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.About EvriEvri is the UK’s biggest dedicated parcel delivery company  delivering over 700 million parcels a year. The company has a mission to be the most convenient way to send  receive and return parcels  without costing the earth. Evri works with most of Europe’s top retailers including Next  John Lewis  M&S and ASOS. The roots of Evri can be traced back to 1974 but the business has grown over the decades and now has a team of 6 700+ employees  20 000+ couriers  10 000+ out of home locations and a growing network of state-of-the-art hubs and depots.For more information about Evri  visit www.evri.com.ContactDominic WalshSpark Communications +44 (0)20 7436 0420quadient@sparkcomms.com.ukAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['New Drop Box', 'Parcel Pending', 'Quadient Lockers', 'First Carrier', 'Returns', 'UK', 'Evri', 'Technology', 'biggest dedicated parcel delivery company', 'major global parcel locker operator', 'three key solution areas', 'Quadient smart locker open network', 'largest parcel delivery companies', 'screen user satisfaction surveys', 'MD Parcel Locker Solutions', 'The Drop Box functionality', 'open locker network', 'smart locker network', 'parcel collection management', 'C2C) parcel volumes', 'The Delivery Conference', 'existing locker configurations', 'Intelligent Communication Automation', 'relevant, personalised connections', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'first mile flows', 'parcel locker experience', 'meaningful customer connections', 'cloud-based monitoring technology', 'exceptional customer experiences', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'standard shipping labels', 'time consuming processes', 'single locker location', 'first integrated carrier', 'four international carriers', 'Quadient smart lockers', 'new locker technology', 'first mile users', 'customer experience excellence', 'New Drop Box', 'Quadient parcel lockers', 'UK e-commerce industry', 'delivery services', 'new solution', 'Parcel Pending', 'locker footprint', '300 locker stations', 'Mail-Related Solutions', 'First Carrier', 'carrier-agnostic network', 'The compa', 'e-commerce landscape', '200 new locations', 'new feature', 'standing experience', 'contactless experience', 'home network', 'Quadient Lockers', 'English French', 'Euronext Paris', 'physical channels', 'additional feature', 'online purchases', 'circular economy', 'first-mile activity', 'rising costs', 'modular design', 'full visibility', 'coming years', 'Ian Caminsky', 'operational efficiencies', 'same services', 'simple way', 'one go', 'Kath Gill', 'wide hours', 'main reasons', 'coming months', 'North America', 'main event', 'Stand No.', 'driving force', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid 60', 'leading carriers', 'other carriers', 'parcels’ status', 'multiple parcels', '700 million parcels', 'barcode label', 'market innovations', 'online shoppers', 'small businesses', 'Visit Quadient', 'optional Printer', 'Printer capability', 'Quadient®', 'Returns', 'Evri', 'London', 'February', 'QDT', 'leader', 'digital', 'researchers', 'retailers', 'evolution', 'surge', 'trends', 'ways', 'associated', 'unit', 'module', 'consumers', 'packages', 'step', 'country', 'customers', 'plans', 'pace', 'introduction', 'SVP', 'DACHIT-UKI', 'long', 'Japan', 'France', 'advantage', 'convenience', 'ParcelShops', 'quick', 'number', 'Head', 'December', 'January', '60,000 responses', 'respondents', 'availability', 'Europe', 'world', 'people', 'hundreds', 'thousands', 'quest', 'information']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,globenewswire.com
17910,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONAV-NV-5984/news/Euronav-Update-on-Emergency-Arbitration-42919324/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Euronav : Update on Emergency Arbitration,(marketscreener.com)   Update on Emergency Arbitration      07 Feb 2023 14:15 CET    Subscribe     Issuer   EURONAV      UPDATE ON EMERGENCY ARBITRATION   ANTWERP  Belgium  February 7 ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/…,"Update on Emergency ArbitrationUPDATE ON EMERGENCY ARBITRATIONANTWERP  Belgium  February 7  2023 - Euronav NV (""EURN"" or ""Euronav"") (NYSE: EURN & Euronext: EURN) hereby informs its shareholders with reference to Euronav's press releases dated 17 and 30 January 2023 that today it has received an arbitration decision in the context of its application request for urgent interim and conservatory measures in relation to Frontline's (NYSE: FRO & OSE: FRO) unilateral action in pursuing the termination of the combination agreement of July 10  2022.The emergency arbitrator has dismissed Euronav's request for provisional and interim measures on the basis of the specific and procedural rules applicable to the emergency proceedings and in particular:- a lack of urgency for Euronav in obtaining the requested interim and provisional measures.Euronav continues to believe that Frontline's unilateral action in pursuing the termination of the combination agreement has no basis under the terms of the combination agreement and that Frontline failed to provide a satisfactory justification for its decision to pursue termination.Only the arbitration procedure on the merits that was initiated by Euronav on 28 January 2023 will decide on the merits of the validity of such termination.Euronav is in the process of analysing the Company's options and will continue to take appropriate legal action to protect and preserve the rights and interests of Euronav and its stakeholders.Euronav continues to communicate and maintain a constructive dialogue with its shareholders. In particular  in view of Euronav's upcoming general shareholders' meeting convened at the request of CMB NV that will be held on 23 March 2023  Euronav believes that governance tailored to all of Euronav's shareholders and stakeholders  with directors with a constructive mindset  should remain Euronav's goal  which requires retaining a proportional independence and a high degree of continuity of the Supervisory Board to ensure value protection for all shareholders and compliance with Belgian corporate governance standards.For this purpose  on 4 February 2023  the Euronav Supervisory Board sent a letter to CMB NV and Famatown Finance Limited to request each of them to consider a Euronav Supervisory Board composition representing the current proportionate shareholding structure of Euronav  with two (2) newly appointed non-independent members nominated by CMB NV (being Messrs. Marc Saverys and Patrick De Brabandere) and two (2) newly appointed nonindependent members to be nominated by Famatown Finance Limited. CMB NV has on 6 February 2023 responded that it is not inclined to agree and that all mandates should be up for discussion to allow for a comprehensive deliberation. Famatown has not responded to the contents of the proposal.Euronav will continue to update the market in accordance with applicable regulations.Contact: Contact: Brian Gallagher - Head of IR Communications & Management Board member Tel: +44 20 78 70 04 36 Email: IR@euronav.comAnnouncement final year results 2022: 31 March 2023About Euronav NVEuronav is an independent tanker company engaged in the ocean transportation and storage of crude oil. The company is headquartered in Antwerp  Belgium  and has offices throughout Europe and Asia. Euronav is listed on Euronext Brussels and on the NYSE under the symbol EURN. Euronav employs its fleet both on the spot and period market. VLCCs on the spot market are traded in the Tankers International pool of which Euronav is one of the major partners. Euronav's owned and operated fleet consists of 1 V-Plus vessel  40 VLCCs (with further two under construction)  22 Suezmaxes (with a further five under construction) and 2 FSO vessels under long term contract.Forward-Looking StatementsMatters discussed in this press release may constitute forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides safe harbor protections for forwardlooking statements in order to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans  objectives  goals  strategies  future events or performance  and underlying assumptions and other statements  which are other than statements of historical facts. The Company desires to take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and is including this cautionary statement in connection with this safe harbor legislation. The words ""believe""  ""anticipate""  ""intends""  ""estimate""  ""forecast""  ""project""  ""plan""  ""potential""  ""may""  ""should""  ""expect""  ""pending"" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements.The forward-looking statements in this press release are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions  including without limitation  our management's examination of historical operating trends  data contained in our records and other data available from third parties. Although we believe that these assumptions were reasonable when made  because these assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond our control  we cannot assure you that we will achieve or accomplish these expectations  beliefs or projections.In addition to these important factors  other important factors that  in our view  could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include the failure of counterparties to fully perform their contracts with us  the strength of world economies and currencies  general market conditions  including fluctuations in charter rates and vessel values  changes in demand for tanker vessel capacity  changes in our operating expenses  including bunker prices  dry-docking and insurance costs  the market for our vessels  availability of financing and refinancing  charter counterparty performance  ability to obtain financing and comply with covenants in such financing arrangements  changes in governmental rules and regulations or actions taken by regulatory authorities  potential liability from pending or future litigation  general domestic and international political conditions  potential disruption of shipping routes due to accidents or political events  vessels breakdowns and instances of off-hires and other factors. Please see our filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission for a more complete discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties.eurn-pr-arbitration-07-02-2023-dismissal.pdf",neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,mixed,0.23,0.18,0.58,True,English,"['Emergency Arbitration', 'Euronav', 'Update', 'The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'current proportionate shareholding structure', 'Belgian corporate governance standards', ""upcoming general shareholders' meeting"", 'Euronav Supervisory Board composition', 'Patrick De Brabandere', 'final year results', 'Tankers International pool', 'long term contract', 'safe harbor protections', 'safe harbor provisions', 'safe harbor legislation', 'appointed non-independent members', 'historical operating trends', 'appropriate legal action', 'Famatown Finance Limited', 'Management Board member', 'independent tanker company', 'The Company', 'nonindependent members', 'historical facts', 'unilateral action', 'Emergency Arbitration', 'press releases', 'conservatory measures', 'combination agreement', 'emergency arbitrator', 'procedural rules', 'emergency proceedings', 'satisfactory justification', 'arbitration procedure', 'constructive dialogue', 'CMB NV', 'constructive mindset', 'proportional independence', 'high degree', 'value protection', 'Marc Saverys', 'comprehensive deliberation', 'applicable regulations', 'Brian Gallagher', 'ocean transportation', 'crude oil', 'major partners', '1 V-Plus vessel', '2 FSO vessels', 'prospective information', 'future events', 'cautionary statement', 'similar expressions', 'third parties', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'forwardlooking statements', 'other statements', 'urgent interim', 'interim measures', 'period market', 'arbitration decision', 'provisional measures', 'IR Communications', 'Euronext Brussels', 'underlying assumptions', 'various assumptions', 'other data', 'application request', 'Euronav NV', 'spot market', 'Update', 'Belgium', 'EURN', 'reference', 'context', 'relation', 'Frontline', 'NYSE', 'OSE', 'termination', 'July', 'basis', 'specific', 'lack', 'urgency', 'terms', 'merits', '28 January', 'validity', 'process', 'options', 'rights', 'interests', 'stakeholders', 'view', '23 March', 'directors', 'goal', 'continuity', 'compliance', '4 February', 'letter', 'Messrs', '6 February', 'mandates', 'discussion', 'contents', 'proposal', 'accordance', 'Contact', 'Head', 'Email', 'Announcement', '31 March', 'storage', 'Antwerp', 'offices', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'fleet', 'VLCCs', 'construction', '22 Suezmaxes', 'Matters', 'order', 'companies', 'business', 'plans', 'objectives', 'strategies', 'performance', 'advantage', 'connection', 'words', 'forecast', 'project', 'turn', 'limitation', 'examination', 'records', '30', '44']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17911,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/arosa-lenzerheide-commits-to-three-year-extension-with-catalate-to-power-their-ticket-pricing-engine-301737915.html,Arosa Lenzerheide Commits to Three-Year Extension with Catalate to Power Their Ticket Pricing Engine,Swiss-based ski area Arosa Lenzerheide  a Catalate partner since 2017  continues to maximize online sales revenue with Catalate's Dynamic Pricing and E-Commerce platform. PALO ALTO  Calif.  Feb. 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Arosa Lenzerheide (Lenzerheide Bergbahne…,"Swiss-based ski area Arosa Lenzerheide  a Catalate partner since 2017  continues to maximize online sales revenue with Catalate's Dynamic Pricing and E-Commerce platform.PALO ALTO  Calif.  Feb. 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Arosa Lenzerheide (Lenzerheide Bergbahnen AG and Arosa Bergbahnen AG)  the largest contiguous ski resort in the Graubünden region of Switzerland  has committed to another three-year contract with Catalate. The resort has significantly increased online sales since the partnership began.Arosa Lenzerheide came to Catalate with the intention of increasing online revenue overall and incentivizing advanced ticket sales through Catalate's Dynamic Pricing Services with Cloud Store e-commerce. During its first season of partnership  online revenue grew notably and the total percentage of sales for 1- to 14-day ski tickets  4-hour  and afternoon tickets  which started at 25% in 2017/2018 season  increased YOY to over 73% of revenue in the 2020/2021 season.Arosa Lenzerheide sells most of its tickets online  from ski to beginner and snowpark  to night sledding — even hiking and bear sanctuary tickets. Each year  Arosa Lenzerheide starts selling dynamically priced tickets for the winter ahead as early as summer to secure advanced bookings  reducing the impact of factors that influence demand throughout the season.In 2017  Philipp Holenstein  CEO of Arosa Bergbahnen said  ""We chose to partner with Catalate because of their proven track record of increasing pre-sales for ticketing businesses and pioneering dynamic pricing used by hundreds of ski areas."" And just recently  Phillip noted that ""over the past six seasons Catalate has proven to be a reliable partner that really understands dynamic pricing in the ski industry.""Catalate continues to impress European snow resorts  with tenured partners like Chamonix and Arosa Lenzerheide enjoying increased advance ticket purchases each season and notable resorts like Pitztal and Kaunertal showing excellent results in their first season with Catalate.About Arosa LenzerheideArosa Lenzerheide is a snow sports paradise with 225 kilometers of snow tracks  twice as many traditional mountain huts  and record-breaking days of sunshine. The ski area connects the ski destinations of Arosa and Lenzerheide.About CatalateCatalate  a Canopy Holdings AS (Canopy Holdings  Euronext Growth Oslo:CAN) company  is a global pricing and e-commerce company empowering ski resorts  parks  and attractions to increase online revenue. As the only purpose-built ticketing platform for the industry  Catalate has developed successful strategies for hundreds of partners across $1 billion in online sales.Media Contact: Katie Bottrell  katie@catalate.comSOURCE Catalate Commerce",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.59,0.4,0.0,True,English,"['Ticket Pricing Engine', 'Arosa Lenzerheide', 'Three-Year Extension', 'Catalate', '1- to 14-day ski tickets', 'many traditional mountain huts', 'largest contiguous ski resort', 'Graubünden region', 'proven track record', 'past six seasons', 'advance ticket purchases', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'snow sports paradise', 'Swiss-based ski area', 'European snow resorts', 'Canopy Holdings AS', 'built ticketing platform', 'Dynamic Pricing Services', 'pioneering dynamic pricing', 'advanced ticket sales', 'Lenzerheide Bergbahnen AG', 'Arosa Bergbahnen AG', 'SOURCE Catalate Commerce', 'online sales revenue', 'ski resorts', 'snow tracks', 'ski areas', 'ski destinations', 'E-Commerce platform', 'advanced bookings', 'ticketing businesses', 'global pricing', 'notable resorts', 'afternoon tickets', 'sanctuary tickets', 'online revenue', 'ski industry', 'Arosa Lenzerheide', 'PALO ALTO', 'three-year contract', 'Cloud Store', 'total percentage', 'Philipp Holenstein', 'reliable partner', 'excellent results', 'record-breaking days', 'successful strategies', 'Media Contact', 'Katie Bottrell', 'first season', '2017/2018 season', '2020/2021 season', 'tenured partners', 'e-commerce company', 'Catalate partner', 'Calif.', 'Feb.', 'Switzerland', 'partnership', 'intention', '4-hour', 'beginner', 'snowpark', 'night', 'winter', 'summer', 'impact', 'factors', 'demand', 'CEO', 'increasing', 'pre-sales', 'hundreds', 'Phillip', 'Chamonix', 'Pitztal', 'Kaunertal', '225 kilometers', 'sunshine', 'parks', 'attractions', 'purpose']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,prnewswire.co.uk
17912,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BEACONSMIND-AG-118892242/news/Beaconsmind-AG-Annual-financial-report-to-be-published-by-the-end-of-February-2023-42921450/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Beaconsmind AG: Annual financial report to be published by the end of February 2023,(marketscreener.com) EQS-News: beaconsmind AG / Key word: Miscellaneousbeaconsmind AG: Annual financial report to be published by the end of February 2023 07.02.2023 / 17:45 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of …,EQS-News: beaconsmind AG / Key word(s): Miscellaneousbeaconsmind AG: Annual financial report to be published by the end of February 202307.02.2023 / 17:45 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.beaconsmind AG: Annual financial report to be published by the end of February 2023Zurich  Switzerland – 7 February 2023 – beaconsmind AG (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: MLBMD)  a leading SaaS provider in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) & analytics  announces that the publication of its annual financial report for 2021/2022 (01.07.2021 to 30.06.2022) will be further delayed. The background to this is the complex changeover to IFRS financial reporting from Swiss GAAP  which involves a considerable amount of additional work. In this context beaconsmind and the auditing company PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) require more time for the audit than planned. beaconsmind and PwC are working flat out to complete the audit process. The publication of the 2021/2022 annual financial report is scheduled for the end of February 2023.About beaconsmindFounded in 2015 in Switzerland  beaconsmind AG is a pioneer in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) software for retail chains. By fitting stores with Bluetooth beacons that precisely locate and identify customers  and by integrating its Software Suite  beaconsmind opens a brand-new channel for retailers to interact with their customers. Thanks to its solution  retailers can converge digital and physical shopping and address the convenience gaps of each. The shares of the company (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: MLBMD) are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with XETRA trading and on Euronext in Paris.For more information  please visit www.beaconsmind.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.48,0.51,True,English,"['Annual financial report', 'Beaconsmind AG', 'end', 'February', '2021/2022 annual financial report', 'IFRS financial reporting', 'Key word(s', 'leading SaaS provider', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'location-based marketing', 'complex changeover', 'Swiss GAAP', 'considerable amount', 'additional work', 'retail chains', 'Bluetooth beacons', 'Software Suite', 'new channel', 'physical shopping', 'convenience gaps', 'XETRA trading', 'auditing company', 'audit process', 'LBM) software', 'beaconsmind AG', 'EQS-News', 'Miscellaneous', 'end', 'February', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Zurich', 'Switzerland', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'MLBMD', 'field', 'analytics', 'publication', 'background', 'context', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers', 'PwC', 'time', 'pioneer', 'stores', 'customers', 'retailers', 'solution', 'digital', 'shares', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'information', '30.06']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17913,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TECHNICOLOR-CREATIVE-STUD-143774950/news/Technicolor-Creative-Studios-Strengthening-of-the-management-team-and-Board-of-Directors-Construc-42914613/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Technicolor Creative Studios: Strengthening of the management team and Board of Directors - Constructive discussions with creditors and shareholders - Business update,(marketscreener.com) CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE Strengthening of the management team and Board of DirectorsConstructive discussions with creditors and shareholdersBusiness update PARIS   February 7th  2023 – Following the announcements of November 15th and Novem…,"CORPORATE PRESS RELEASEStrengthening of the management team and Board of DirectorsConstructive discussions with creditors and shareholdersBusiness updatePARIS (FRANCE)  February 7th  2023 – Following the announcements of November 15th and November 30th  2022  the Board of Directors of Technicolor Creative Studios (Euronext Paris: TCHCS) (the “Company”) appointed external advisors to perform an independent review of the Company’s businesses to identify areas for improvements from an operational  organizational and financial perspective. This review has allowed the Company to define a further set of improvement actions in the continuity of the Re*imagined plan announced in November.As a result  in order to accelerate the Company’s transformation whilst continuing to deliver high quality projects to clients  the Board of Directors of Technicolor Creative Studios announces today the appointment of Caroline Parot as Interim Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) to take the lead on the acceleration of the Company’s global transformation and the implementation of a broad operational improvement program. Caroline Parot will work closely with Christian Roberton who  as Deputy CEO  will be fully dedicated to clients and project execution as well as talents.The Company furthermore announces that it is actively engaged in constructive discussions with its creditors and certain key shareholders to recalibrate its debt and equity structure with a view to address its financing needs as from Q2 2023.The Company’s top management and Board of Directors are fully committed to protect the best interests of its clients  talents and stakeholders.Appointment of Caroline Parot as Interim CEO to take the lead on the acceleration of Technicolor Creative Studios global transformation  alongside Christian Roberton as Deputy CEO  who will be fully dedicated to clients and project execution as well as talentsFollowing her appointment as Senior Advisor to the Company announced on November 30th  2022  Caroline Parot has been helping the Company to design and implement a comprehensive set of recovery actions. Previously CEO of Europcar  after having worked six years at Technicolor SA  she brings her experience in leading a global customer-focused company.Announcing this appointment  Anne Bouverot Chair of Technicolor Creative Studios said “Caroline has all the qualities required to lead Technicolor Creative Studios in the execution of its transformation plan. Her previous experience will be instrumental to put the Company in a stronger position to enhance profitability and seize market opportunities.”Christian Roberton  Deputy CEO  said: “I have been working with Caroline over the last few months and I welcome this new leadership structure. This will allow me to dedicate all my time to our clients and talents. Together with our team  we will be relentlessly focused on delivering high quality projects whilst resolving the operational issues we face today.”Caroline Parot  new Interim CEO  declared: “I am proud to serve this world-class award-wining company at this critical juncture. Alongside with Christian and the senior executive team  we are fully committed to deliver high-quality work to our clients. We will be accelerating the transformation leveraging on Technicolor Creative Studios unique global platform of cutting-edge technology and talents. This will generate significant improvements to restore the Company’s profitability and reaffirm its market leading position.”Further s trengthening of the e xecutive teamSimon Presswell appointed as Global Head of Operations  he will be responsible to oversee the implementation and execution of improvement actions. Simon has previously held both Executive and Board positions across Entertainment and TMT businesses  with a demonstrated track record in transformation and turnaround.Hugues de Nicolay appointed as Interim Chief Financial Officer.New Board appointmentsAngelo Gordon  second largest shareholder of the Company and one of the key shareholders taking part in the ongoing discussions around the financing structure  appointed as Board observer.Guillaume Maucomble  employee of the Company  appointed by the works council as Director representing employees.Ongoing constructive discussions with its creditors and certain key shareholdersOver the last few weeks  the Company initiated discussions with its creditors (amongst them the top five creditors which together represent more than 70% of the debt outstanding) and certain key shareholders to recalibrate its debt and equity structure with a view to address its financing needs as from Q2 2023.The dialogue is progressing well within an amicable conciliation framework and the Company is aiming at finalizing these discussions over the next weeks. The various strategic options in line with the Company’s corporate interest to protect the best interests of clients  talents and stakeholders are being considered 1 .As benefits from actions implemented starting in Q4 last year are only expected to materialize progressively over this year  2022 and 2023 results will be further impacted by additional costs incurred and to be incurred to deliver major client projects. The Company now expects Adjusted EBITDA2 for 2022 to land at approximatively €20m and Adjusted EBITDA for 2023 to be below the previous outlook.Furthermore  the Company expects 2023 to be a transition year and has therefore decided to withdraw its 2023 outlook subject to further assessment of the benefits from the ongoing initiatives. The Company expects a sharp rebound in 2024 and a return to a normalized profitability in 2025.The Company has experienced operational challenges over the past months on the back of a very busy year. Post-Covid demand has been strong and MPC delivered 70 major films with heavy special effects content in 2022.Alongside this sustained demand  Technicolor Creative Studios had to face a significant shortage of experienced talents which have caused delays on both ongoing projects and the start of new ones and highlighted the need for improved project management and monitoring to deliver on time.In addition to this lack of adequate resources  operations were negatively impacted by internal reorganisations at MPC and the Mill post-Covid.Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games have continued to perform in line with expectations.The Company has been focused on its program to address these operational issuesThird-party reviews by renown firms are helping the Company to identify areas for improvements from a financial  reporting and operational perspective.Continued improvement of real-time project tracking with action-orientated process to resolve current delivery issues. Deep-dive assessment of top management completed and recruitment of critical hires is progressing well. New retention program for key talents launched.The industry is recognising the Company for the high-quality work its studios are deliveringMPC was recently nominated for an Oscar (‘Best Visual Effects) for work on Top Gun: Maverick as well as BAFTA  Emmy  VES & Annie nominations for projects including: Prehistoric Planet  Guillermo Del Toro’s Pinocchio  Finch  Thirteen Lives and Valhalla: The Bridge.The Mill was recently hailed as the No.1 Post-Production Company in the UK and Europe at the Little Black Book ‘Immortal Awards’. In November 2022  The Mill opened a new VFX studio in Seoul in response to South Korea’s growing influence in the global advertising & brand experience market. Technicolor Games collaborated on two of the biggest AAA global sports titles of the year including NBA 2K23 and FIFA 23. Other major holiday releases included: Tom Clancy’s Rainbow 6  WWE 2K22  NBA 2K23  NHL 23  Madden 23  FIFA 23  Gotham Knights  High on Life. Mikros Animation partnered with Nickelodeon on the SpongeBob Movie – ‘Sponge on the run’ which was broadcasted for the first time in the US during Thanksgiving. The studio had its biggest year yet for episodic releases  including Star Trek Prodigy 2  Dragon: The Nine Realms and Croods: Family Tree.Financial Calendar2022 Full Year Results March 8  2023***Warning: Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain statements that constitute ""forward-looking statements""  including but not limited to statements that are predictions of or indicate future events  trends  plans or objectives  based on certain assumptions or which do not directly relate to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed  forecasted  or implied by such forward-looking statements. For a more complete list and description of such risks and uncertainties  refer to Technicolor and Technicolor Creative Studios’ filings with the French Autorité des marchés financiers. The prospectus prepared by Technicolor Creative Studios in connection with the admission of Technicolor Creative Studios shares to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris as part of the distribution of 65% of Technicolor Creative Studios shares by TSA to its shareholders  approved by the AMF on August 1  2022 under number 22-331  is available free of charge and upon request at the company’s registered office  8-10 rue du Renard  75004 Paris  France  or on the websites of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org)  and Technicolor Creative Studios (https://www.technicolorcreative.com/investors/).***ABOUT TECHNICOLOR CREATIVE STUDIOSTechnicolor Creative Studios shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCHCS)Technicolor Creative Studios is a creative technology company providing world-class production expertise driven by one purpose: The realization of ambitious and extraordinary ideas. Home to a network of award-winning studios  MPC  The Mill  Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games  we inspire creative companies across the world to produce their most iconic work.Our global teams of artists and technologists partner with the creative community across film  television  animation  gaming  brand experience and advertising to bring the universal art of storytelling to audiences everywhere.www.technicolorcreative.com***Investor Relations Contact: Alexandra Fichelson: Alexandra.fichelson@technicolor.comCorporate press: Image 7: Technicolorcreative@image7.fr1 Debt-to-equity conversions  new money debt and / or equity capital injection are among the options that are being considered. The implementation of these options could have a significant impact on the capital structure of the Company.2 Unaudited Adjusted EBITDA after Lease which corresponds to Adjusted EBITA after lease adding back Depreciation and amortization  excluding depreciation of usage-based IT costs  operating eases assets depreciation and Amortization of intangibles that arose from acquisitions or disposals (PPA amortization) and non-cash income and expense such as equity-settled share-based payments  including capital lease depreciation.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.74,0.25,0.01,True,English,"['Technicolor Creative Studios', 'management team', 'Constructive discussions', 'Business update', 'Strengthening', 'Board', 'Directors', 'creditors', 'shareholders', 'Technicolor Creative Studios unique global platform', 'Technicolor Creative Studios global transformation', 'Interim Chief Financial Officer', 'Interim Chief Executive Officer', 'broad operational improvement program', 'high quality projects', 'Anne Bouverot Chair', 'Hugues de Nicolay', 'second largest shareholder', 'amicable conciliation framework', 'various strategic options', 'CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE', 'Re*imagined plan', 'new leadership structure', 'e xecutive team', 'new Interim CEO', 'market leading position', 'global customer-focused company', 'New Board appointments', 'senior executive team', 'world-class award-wining company', 'top five creditors', 'Global Head', 'Technicolor SA', 'financial perspective', 'operational, organizational', 'transformation plan', 'operational issues', 'top management', 'Senior Advisor', 'stronger position', 'market opportunities', 'corporate interest', 'improvement actions', 'management team', 'equity structure', 'financing structure', 'transformation leveraging', 'Business update', 'external advisors', 'financing needs', 'best interests', 'critical juncture', 'high-quality work', 'cutting-edge technology', 'track record', 'Angelo Gordon', 'Guillaume Maucomble', 'works council', 'Deputy CEO', 'key shareholders', 'Christian Roberton', 'recovery actions', 'Caroline Parot', 'Constructive discussions', 'ongoing discussions', 'Board positions', 'Board observer', 'Euronext Paris', 'independent review', 'project execution', 'comprehensive set', 'previous experience', 'significant improvements', 'Simon Presswell', 'TMT businesses', 'next weeks', 'The Company', 'Strengthening', 'Directors', 'FRANCE', 'February', 'announcements', 'November', 'TCHCS', 'areas', 'continuity', 'result', 'order', 'clients', 'acceleration', 'implementation', 'talents', 'debt', 'Q2', 'stakeholders', 'Europcar', 'years', 'qualities', 'profitability', 'last', 'months', 'time', 'Operations', 'Entertainment', 'turnaround', 'part', 'employee', 'outstanding', 'dialogue', 'benefits', 'Q4']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17914,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2602626/0/en/Technicolor-Creative-Studios-Strengthening-of-the-management-team-and-Board-of-Directors-Constructive-discussions-with-creditors-and-shareholders-Business-update.html,Technicolor Creative Studios: Strengthening of the management team and Board of Directors - Constructive discussions with creditors and shareholders - Business update,CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE    Strengthening of the management team and Board of DirectorsConstructive discussions with creditors and shareholdersBusiness......,"English FrenchCORPORATE PRESS RELEASEStrengthening of the management team and Board of DirectorsConstructive discussions with creditors and shareholdersBusiness updatePARIS (FRANCE)  February 7th  2023 – Following the announcements of November 15th and November 30th  2022  the Board of Directors of Technicolor Creative Studios (Euronext Paris: TCHCS) (the “Company”) appointed external advisors to perform an independent review of the Company’s businesses to identify areas for improvements from an operational  organizational and financial perspective. This review has allowed the Company to define a further set of improvement actions in the continuity of the Re*imagined plan announced in November.As a result  in order to accelerate the Company’s transformation whilst continuing to deliver high quality projects to clients  the Board of Directors of Technicolor Creative Studios announces today the appointment of Caroline Parot as Interim Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) to take the lead on the acceleration of the Company’s global transformation and the implementation of a broad operational improvement program. Caroline Parot will work closely with Christian Roberton who  as Deputy CEO  will be fully dedicated to clients and project execution as well as talents.The Company furthermore announces that it is actively engaged in constructive discussions with its creditors and certain key shareholders to recalibrate its debt and equity structure with a view to address its financing needs as from Q2 2023.The Company’s top management and Board of Directors are fully committed to protect the best interests of its clients  talents and stakeholders.Appointment of Caroline Parot as Interim CEO to take the lead on the acceleration of Technicolor Creative Studios global transformation  alongside Christian Roberton as Deputy CEO  who will be fully dedicated to clients and project execution as well as talentsFollowing her appointment as Senior Advisor to the Company announced on November 30th  2022  Caroline Parot has been helping the Company to design and implement a comprehensive set of recovery actions. Previously CEO of Europcar  after having worked six years at Technicolor SA  she brings her experience in leading a global customer-focused company.Announcing this appointment  Anne Bouverot Chair of Technicolor Creative Studios said “Caroline has all the qualities required to lead Technicolor Creative Studios in the execution of its transformation plan. Her previous experience will be instrumental to put the Company in a stronger position to enhance profitability and seize market opportunities.”Christian Roberton  Deputy CEO  said: “I have been working with Caroline over the last few months and I welcome this new leadership structure. This will allow me to dedicate all my time to our clients and talents. Together with our team  we will be relentlessly focused on delivering high quality projects whilst resolving the operational issues we face today.”Caroline Parot  new Interim CEO  declared: “I am proud to serve this world-class award-wining company at this critical juncture. Alongside with Christian and the senior executive team  we are fully committed to deliver high-quality work to our clients. We will be accelerating the transformation leveraging on Technicolor Creative Studios unique global platform of cutting-edge technology and talents. This will generate significant improvements to restore the Company’s profitability and reaffirm its market leading position.”Further s trengthening of the e xecutive teamSimon Presswell appointed as Global Head of Operations  he will be responsible to oversee the implementation and execution of improvement actions. Simon has previously held both Executive and Board positions across Entertainment and TMT businesses  with a demonstrated track record in transformation and turnaround.Hugues de Nicolay appointed as Interim Chief Financial Officer.New Board appointmentsAngelo Gordon  second largest shareholder of the Company and one of the key shareholders taking part in the ongoing discussions around the financing structure  appointed as Board observer.Guillaume Maucomble  employee of the Company  appointed by the works council as Director representing employees.Ongoing constructive discussions with its creditors and certain key shareholdersOver the last few weeks  the Company initiated discussions with its creditors (amongst them the top five creditors which together represent more than 70% of the debt outstanding) and certain key shareholders to recalibrate its debt and equity structure with a view to address its financing needs as from Q2 2023.The dialogue is progressing well within an amicable conciliation framework and the Company is aiming at finalizing these discussions over the next weeks. The various strategic options in line with the Company’s corporate interest to protect the best interests of clients  talents and stakeholders are being considered 1 .As benefits from actions implemented starting in Q4 last year are only expected to materialize progressively over this year  2022 and 2023 results will be further impacted by additional costs incurred and to be incurred to deliver major client projects. The Company now expects Adjusted EBITDA2 for 2022 to land at approximatively €20m and Adjusted EBITDA for 2023 to be below the previous outlook.Furthermore  the Company expects 2023 to be a transition year and has therefore decided to withdraw its 2023 outlook subject to further assessment of the benefits from the ongoing initiatives. The Company expects a sharp rebound in 2024 and a return to a normalized profitability in 2025.The Company has experienced operational challenges over the past months on the back of a very busy year. Post-Covid demand has been strong and MPC delivered 70 major films with heavy special effects content in 2022.Alongside this sustained demand  Technicolor Creative Studios had to face a significant shortage of experienced talents which have caused delays on both ongoing projects and the start of new ones and highlighted the need for improved project management and monitoring to deliver on time.In addition to this lack of adequate resources  operations were negatively impacted by internal reorganisations at MPC and the Mill post-Covid.Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games have continued to perform in line with expectations.The Company has been focused on its program to address these operational issuesThird-party reviews by renown firms are helping the Company to identify areas for improvements from a financial  reporting and operational perspective.Continued improvement of real-time project tracking with action-orientated process to resolve current delivery issues. Deep-dive assessment of top management completed and recruitment of critical hires is progressing well. New retention program for key talents launched.The industry is recognising the Company for the high-quality work its studios are deliveringMPC was recently nominated for an Oscar (‘Best Visual Effects) for work on Top Gun: Maverick as well as BAFTA  Emmy  VES & Annie nominations for projects including: Prehistoric Planet  Guillermo Del Toro’s Pinocchio  Finch  Thirteen Lives and Valhalla: The Bridge.The Mill was recently hailed as the No.1 Post-Production Company in the UK and Europe at the Little Black Book ‘Immortal Awards’. In November 2022  The Mill opened a new VFX studio in Seoul in response to South Korea’s growing influence in the global advertising & brand experience market. Technicolor Games collaborated on two of the biggest AAA global sports titles of the year including NBA 2K23 and FIFA 23. Other major holiday releases included: Tom Clancy’s Rainbow 6  WWE 2K22  NBA 2K23  NHL 23  Madden 23  FIFA 23  Gotham Knights  High on Life. Mikros Animation partnered with Nickelodeon on the SpongeBob Movie – ‘Sponge on the run’ which was broadcasted for the first time in the US during Thanksgiving. The studio had its biggest year yet for episodic releases  including Star Trek Prodigy 2  Dragon: The Nine Realms and Croods: Family Tree.Financial Calendar2022 Full Year Results March 8  2023***Warning: Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain statements that constitute ""forward-looking statements""  including but not limited to statements that are predictions of or indicate future events  trends  plans or objectives  based on certain assumptions or which do not directly relate to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed  forecasted  or implied by such forward-looking statements. For a more complete list and description of such risks and uncertainties  refer to Technicolor and Technicolor Creative Studios’ filings with the French Autorité des marchés financiers. The prospectus prepared by Technicolor Creative Studios in connection with the admission of Technicolor Creative Studios shares to trading on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris as part of the distribution of 65% of Technicolor Creative Studios shares by TSA to its shareholders  approved by the AMF on August 1  2022 under number 22-331  is available free of charge and upon request at the company’s registered office  8-10 rue du Renard  75004 Paris  France  or on the websites of the AMF (https://www.amf-france.org)  and Technicolor Creative Studios (https://www.technicolorcreative.com/investors/).***ABOUT TECHNICOLOR CREATIVE STUDIOSTechnicolor Creative Studios shares are admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris (TCHCS)Technicolor Creative Studios is a creative technology company providing world-class production expertise driven by one purpose: The realization of ambitious and extraordinary ideas. Home to a network of award-winning studios  MPC  The Mill  Mikros Animation and Technicolor Games  we inspire creative companies across the world to produce their most iconic work.Our global teams of artists and technologists partner with the creative community across film  television  animation  gaming  brand experience and advertising to bring the universal art of storytelling to audiences everywhere.www.technicolorcreative.com***Investor Relations Contact: Alexandra Fichelson: Alexandra.fichelson@technicolor.comCorporate press: Image 7: Technicolorcreative@image7.fr1 Debt-to-equity conversions  new money debt and / or equity capital injection are among the options that are being considered. The implementation of these options could have a significant impact on the capital structure of the Company.2 Unaudited Adjusted EBITDA after Lease which corresponds to Adjusted EBITA after lease adding back Depreciation and amortization  excluding depreciation of usage-based IT costs  operating eases assets depreciation and Amortization of intangibles that arose from acquisitions or disposals (PPA amortization) and non-cash income and expense such as equity-settled share-based payments  including capital lease depreciation.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.01,True,English,"['Technicolor Creative Studios', 'management team', 'Constructive discussions', 'Business update', 'Strengthening', 'Board', 'Directors', 'creditors', 'shareholders', 'Technicolor Creative Studios global transformation', 'Interim Chief Financial Officer', 'Interim Chief Executive Officer', 'broad operational improvement program', 'high quality projects', 'Anne Bouverot Chair', 'unique global platform', 'Hugues de Nicolay', 'second largest shareholder', 'amicable conciliation framework', 'various strategic options', 'CORPORATE PRESS RELEASE', 'Re*imagined plan', 'new leadership structure', 'e xecutive team', 'new Interim CEO', 'market leading position', 'New Board appointments', 'senior executive team', 'global customer-focused company', 'world-class award-wining company', 'top five creditors', 'Technicolor SA', 'financial perspective', 'Global Head', 'operational, organizational', 'transformation plan', 'operational issues', 'top management', 'Senior Advisor', 'stronger position', 'market opportunities', 'corporate interest', 'improvement actions', 'management team', 'equity structure', 'financing structure', 'transformation leveraging', 'English French', 'Business update', 'external advisors', 'financing needs', 'best interests', 'six years', 'critical juncture', 'high-quality work', 'cutting-edge technology', 'track record', 'Angelo Gordon', 'Guillaume Maucomble', 'works council', 'Deputy CEO', 'key shareholders', 'Christian Roberton', 'recovery actions', 'Caroline Parot', 'Constructive discussions', 'ongoing discussions', 'Board positions', 'Board observer', 'Euronext Paris', 'independent review', 'project execution', 'comprehensive set', 'previous experience', 'significant improvements', 'Simon Presswell', 'TMT businesses', 'next weeks', 'The Company', 'Strengthening', 'Directors', 'FRANCE', 'February', 'announcements', 'November', 'TCHCS', 'areas', 'continuity', 'result', 'order', 'clients', 'acceleration', 'implementation', 'talents', 'debt', 'Q2', 'stakeholders', 'Europcar', 'qualities', 'profitability', 'last', 'months', 'time', 'Operations', 'Entertainment', 'turnaround', 'part', 'employee', 'outstanding', 'dialogue', 'benefits', 'Q4']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,globenewswire.com
17915,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/02/07/2602586/0/en/ForFarmers-N-V-ForFarmers-UK-and-2Agriculture-decide-to-abandon-proposed-joint-venture-plans.html,ForFarmers N.V.: ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture decide to abandon proposed joint venture plans,Lochem  7 February 2023                            ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture decide to abandon proposed joint venture plans        Following the...,"English DutchLochem  7 February 2023ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture decide to abandon proposed joint venture plansFollowing the press release of 9 January 2023  ForFarmers and 2Agriculture announce that they have decided to abandon the proposed joint venture plans. The parties have taken into consideration  among other things  the current impact on their respective businesses  the duration and costs involved and the impact this process has on both employees and farmers.ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture announced their intention to merge their businesses into a joint venture on 1 July 2022  to better serve farmers’ needs through a balanced feed portfolio across species. ForFarmers and 2Agriculture continue to believe that the joint venture would have made for a robust business  with improved expertise and presence across species  to successfully meet the changing demands from the entire value chain. This included helping farmers realise the transition towards a more sustainable way of farming with enhanced returns. The proposed joint venture would have invested in driving improvements and optimising services in the most efficient manner  with a focus on further improving production efficiency and feed quality to the benefit of both farmers and end consumers.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Note to the editor / For further information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director of Investor RelationsM +31 (0)6 10 94 91 61 • E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euAbout ForFarmersForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that provides complete innovative feed solutions to the livestock farming industry. With its For the Future of Farming mission ForFarmers underpins its commitment both to the continuity of farming and to further increasing the sustainability of the agricultural sector. ForFarmers is the largest feed producer in Europe with annual sales of around 10 million tonnes of animal feed and is active in the Netherlands  Belgium  Germany  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has around 2 500 employees and in 2021 generated revenue of approximately €2.7 billion. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.P.O. Box 917240 AB LochemThe NetherlandsT: +31 (0)573 28 88 00info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  for example relating to ForFarmers’ legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition forward-looking statements may  without limitation  contain phrases such as “intends to”  ""expects”  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at”  ''plans to”  ""estimates"" and/or words of a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers’ future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties which may lead to material differences between the actual results and performance and the expected future results or performance as implicitly or explicitly contained in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in  or contribute to  deviations from current expectations include  but are not limited to developments in legislation  technology  taxation  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal proceedings  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers are discussed in the most recently published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release relate solely to statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility whatsoever to update the forward-looking statements contained in this release  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.0,0.72,0.27,mixed,0.2,0.22,0.58,True,English,"['joint venture plans', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'ForFarmers UK', '2Agriculture', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'complete innovative feed solutions', 'ForFarmers’ future financial results', 'entire value chain', 'P.O. Box', 'share price fluctuations', 'general economic conditions', 'balanced feed portfolio', 'largest feed producer', 'The Netherlands T', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'livestock farming industry', 'joint venture plans', 'ForFarmers’ legal obligations', 'feed quality', 'animal feed', 'business plans', 'actual results', 'future results', 'legal proceedings', 'English Dutch', 'other things', 'robust business', 'changing demands', 'sustainable way', 'enhanced returns', 'efficient manner', 'production efficiency', 'end consumers', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'Investor Relations', 'international organisation', 'agricultural sector', 'annual sales', '10 million tonnes', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'annual report', 'future events', 'ForFarmers UK', 'press release', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Farming mission', 'current impact', 'respective businesses', 'inside information', 'similar meaning', 'other factors', 'new information', 'farmers’ needs', 'Caroline Vogelzang', 'Lochem', '7 February', '2Agriculture', '9 January', 'parties', 'consideration', 'duration', 'costs', 'process', 'employees', 'intention', '1 July', 'species', 'expertise', 'presence', 'transition', 'improvements', 'services', 'focus', 'benefit', 'Note', 'editor', 'Director', 'commitment', 'continuity', 'sustainability', 'Europe', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'revenue', 'example', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'addition', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'expects', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'deviations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'taxation', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'date', 'document', 'responsibility']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,globenewswire.com
17916,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDI-36044/news/Cancellation-of-Euro-Shares-Held-in-Treasury-42922020/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Cancellation of Euro Shares Held in Treasury,(marketscreener.com)             Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582   CANCELLATION OF EURO SHARES HELD IN TREASURY   The board of …,"Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited (“the Company”)a closed-ended investment company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Guernsey with registration number 45582CANCELLATION OF EURO SHARES HELD IN TREASURYThe board of the Company has resolved with immediate effect to cancel 9 611 of the issued Euro shares  thereby reducing the number of outstanding issued Euro shares of the Company to 12 297 858 Euro shares.The total issued capital is 12 424 152 shares and the total number of voting rights is 12 424 152 and this is the denominator which shareholders should use for the purpose of calculating and notifying significant interests in the Company’s shares under the Act on Financial Supervision of the Authority for the Financial Markets (Wet op het financieel toezicht of the Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten).”7 February 2023For further information  please contact:B&G Investment Management LLP +44 20 3751 5400Emmanuel Gavaudan (London) +44 20 3751 5389François-Xavier Baud (Paris) +33 1 44 90 39 47www.bgholdingltd.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund Plc has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,mixed,0.08,0.19,0.73,True,English,"['Euro Shares', 'Cancellation', 'Treasury', 'Stichting Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'B&G Investment Management LLP', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'BG Fund Plc', 'François-Xavier Baud', 'collective investment scheme', 'expert financial advice', 'other professional advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'Gavaudan Holding Limited', 'UK Listing Authority', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'EURO SHARES HELD', 'Dutch Authority', 'US persons', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'Financial Markets', 'limited liability', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'immediate effect', 'voting rights', 'significant interests', 'financieel toezicht', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Official List', 'main market', 'applicable law', 'public offering', '12,297,858 Euro shares', 'The Company', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'registration number', 'The Shares', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'information purposes', 'total number', '12,424,152 shares', 'Boussard', 'laws', 'CANCELLATION', 'TREASURY', 'board', 'outstanding', 'capital', 'denominator', 'shareholders', 'Wet', '7 February', 'Paris', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'BGHL', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17917,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FORFARMERS-N-V-27753904/news/ForFarmers-N-V-ForFarmers-UK-and-2Agriculture-decide-to-abandon-proposed-joint-venture-plans-42914124/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,ForFarmers N.V.: ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture decide to abandon proposed joint venture plans,(marketscreener.com) Lochem  7 February 2023                        ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture decide to abandon proposed joint venture plans Following the press release of 9 January 2023  ForFarmers and 2Agriculture announce that they have decided to aba…,"Lochem  7 February 2023ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture decide to abandon proposed joint venture plansFollowing the press release of 9 January 2023  ForFarmers and 2Agriculture announce that they have decided to abandon the proposed joint venture plans. The parties have taken into consideration  among other things  the current impact on their respective businesses  the duration and costs involved and the impact this process has on both employees and farmers.ForFarmers UK and 2Agriculture announced their intention to merge their businesses into a joint venture on 1 July 2022  to better serve farmers’ needs through a balanced feed portfolio across species. ForFarmers and 2Agriculture continue to believe that the joint venture would have made for a robust business  with improved expertise and presence across species  to successfully meet the changing demands from the entire value chain. This included helping farmers realise the transition towards a more sustainable way of farming with enhanced returns. The proposed joint venture would have invested in driving improvements and optimising services in the most efficient manner  with a focus on further improving production efficiency and feed quality to the benefit of both farmers and end consumers.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Note to the editor / For further information:Caroline Vogelzang  Director of Investor RelationsM +31 (0)6 10 94 91 61 • E: caroline.vogelzang@forfarmers.euAbout ForFarmersForFarmers N.V. is an international organisation that provides complete innovative feed solutions to the livestock farming industry. With its For the Future of Farming mission ForFarmers underpins its commitment both to the continuity of farming and to further increasing the sustainability of the agricultural sector. ForFarmers is the largest feed producer in Europe with annual sales of around 10 million tonnes of animal feed and is active in the Netherlands  Belgium  Germany  Poland and the United Kingdom. ForFarmers has around 2 500 employees and in 2021 generated revenue of approximately €2.7 billion. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.P.O. Box 917240 AB LochemThe NetherlandsT: +31 (0)573 28 88 00info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  for example relating to ForFarmers’ legal obligations in terms of capital and liquidity positions in certain specified scenarios. In addition forward-looking statements may  without limitation  contain phrases such as “intends to”  ""expects”  “takes into account”  ""is aimed at”  ''plans to”  ""estimates"" and/or words of a similar meaning. These statements pertain to or may affect matters in the future  such as ForFarmers’ future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties which may lead to material differences between the actual results and performance and the expected future results or performance as implicitly or explicitly contained in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may result in  or contribute to  deviations from current expectations include  but are not limited to developments in legislation  technology  taxation  jurisprudence and regulations  share price fluctuations  legal proceedings  investigations by regulatory bodies  the competitive landscape and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statements or the actual results of ForFarmers are discussed in the most recently published annual report. The forward-looking statements in this press release relate solely to statements as of the date of this document and ForFarmers accepts no obligation or responsibility whatsoever to update the forward-looking statements contained in this release  regardless of whether these pertain to new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is legally obliged to do so.",neutral,0.0,0.72,0.27,mixed,0.18,0.16,0.67,True,English,"['joint venture plans', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'ForFarmers UK', '2Agriculture', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'complete innovative feed solutions', 'ForFarmers’ future financial results', 'entire value chain', 'P.O. Box', 'share price fluctuations', 'general economic conditions', 'balanced feed portfolio', 'largest feed producer', 'The Netherlands T', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'livestock farming industry', 'joint venture plans', 'ForFarmers’ legal obligations', 'feed quality', 'animal feed', 'business plans', 'actual results', 'future results', 'legal proceedings', 'other things', 'robust business', 'changing demands', 'sustainable way', 'enhanced returns', 'driving improvements', 'efficient manner', 'production efficiency', 'end consumers', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'Investor Relations', 'international organisation', 'agricultural sector', 'annual sales', '10 million tonnes', 'United Kingdom', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'liquidity positions', 'current strategies', 'material differences', 'current expectations', 'regulatory bodies', 'competitive landscape', 'annual report', 'future events', 'ForFarmers UK', 'press release', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Farming mission', 'current impact', 'respective businesses', 'inside information', 'similar meaning', 'other factors', 'new information', 'farmers’ needs', 'Caroline Vogelzang', 'Lochem', '7 February', '2Agriculture', '9 January', 'parties', 'consideration', 'duration', 'costs', 'process', 'employees', 'intention', '1 July', 'species', 'expertise', 'presence', 'transition', 'services', 'focus', 'benefit', 'Note', 'editor', 'Director', 'commitment', 'continuity', 'sustainability', 'Europe', 'Belgium', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'revenue', 'example', 'terms', 'capital', 'scenarios', 'addition', 'limitation', 'phrases', 'expects', 'account', 'words', 'matters', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'expected', 'deviations', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'taxation', 'jurisprudence', 'regulations', 'investigations', 'date', 'document', 'responsibility']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17918,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/core-laboratories-n-v-nyse-193524886.html,Core Laboratories N.V. (NYSE:CLB) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript,Core Laboratories N.V. (NYSE:CLB) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript February 2  2023 Operator: Good morning  and welcome to the Core Laboratories Fourth...,Core Laboratories N.V. (NYSE:CLB) Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript February 2  2023Operator: Good morning  and welcome to the Core Laboratories Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. . After today's presentation  there will be an opportunity to ask questions. . Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Larry Bruno  Chairman and CEO. Please go ahead.Larry Bruno: Thanks Drew. Good morning in the Americas  good afternoon in Europe  Africa and the Middle East  and good evening in Asia-Pacific. We'd like to welcome all of our shareholders  analysts  and most importantly  our employees to Core Laboratories fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. This morning  I'm joined by Chris Hill  Core's Chief Financial Officer; and Gwen Gresham  Core's Senior Vice President and Head of Investor Relations. The call will be divided into six segments. Gwen will start by making remarks regarding forward-looking statements. We'll then have some opening comments  including a high-level review of important factors in Core's Q4 and full-year 2022 performance. In addition  we'll review Core's strategies and the three financial tenets that the Company employs to build long-term shareholder value.Chris will then give a detailed financial overview and have additional comments regarding shareholder value. Following Chris  Gwen will provide some comments on the Company's outlook and guidance. I'll then review Core's two operating segments  detailing our progress and discussing the continued successful introduction and deployment of Core Labs' technologies  as well as highlighting some of Core's operations and major projects worldwide. Then we'll open the phones for a Q&A session. I'll now turn the call over to Gwen for remarks on forward-looking statements.Gwen Gresham: Before we start the conference this morning  I'll mention that some of the statements we make during this call may include projections  estimates and other forward-looking information. This would include any discussion of the Company's business outlook. These types of forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that cause actual results to materially differ from our forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are discussed in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K  as well as other reports and registration statements filed by us with the SEC and the AFM. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Story continuesOur comments also include non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures is included in the press release announcing our fourth quarter results. Those non-GAAP measures can also be found on our website. With that said  I'll pass the discussion back to Larry.Larry Bruno: Thanks  Gwen. For the fourth quarter of 2022 Core Lab achieved sequential improvement in revenue  operating income  operating margins  and EPS with strong incremental margins. These improvements translated into higher free cash flow  which enabled the company to reduce net debt by $11.7 million or 7%. We remained focused on executing our key financial strategies including reducing debt and strengthening our balance sheet. For the full-year 2022  revenue was $490 million  increasing by more than 4% compared to 2021. However  for 2022  revenue for the full-year was adversely impacted by currency devaluation of the Euro and British pound. Using a constant dollar exchange rate  2022 revenue would've been nearly $13 million higher.For the full company operating margins for the fourth quarter grew to 12%  up from 11% in Q3. Full company sequential incremental margins ex-items exceeded 80%  driven by a strong quarter in production enhancement. Reservoir Description margins lagged after two successive quarters with very high incrementals  reflecting adverse impacts from the Russia-Ukraine conflict. The Russia-Ukraine conflict posed a headwind to revenue in the fourth quarter and throughout most of 2022  as trading patterns for crude oil and derived products were disrupted in Europe  Russia  and Ukraine. For 2022  demand for laboratory services tied to the assay of crude oil and derived products in these regions declined in excess of $9 million year-over-year offsetting growth in other international regions.Lastly  for the full company  quarter-over-quarter  EPS grew sequentially by 11% to $0.20 per share ex-items. As we look ahead  Core will continue to execute on its key strategic objectives by one  introducing new product and service offerings in key geographic markets; two  maintaining a lean and focused organization; and three  maintaining our commitment to de-levering the company. Now to review Core Lab's strategies and the financial tenants that Core has used to build shareholder value over our 27 plus year history as a publicly traded company. The interests of our shareholders  clients  and employees will always be well served by Core Lab's resilient culture  which relies on innovation  leveraging technology to solve problems and dedicated customer service.I'll talk more about some of our latest innovations in the operational review section of this call. While we navigate through the current challenges and pursue growth opportunities  the company will remained focused on its three longstanding  long-term financial tenants. Those being to maximize free cash flow  maximize return on invested capital  and returning excess free cash to our shareholders. Before moving on  I want to thank our employees for the dedication  loyalty  and adaptability in meeting all of our clients' needs and for the commitment that many have shown as we navigate the moment and prepare for more active market. I'll now turn it over to Chris for the detailed financial review.Chris Hill: Thanks  Larry. I would like to begin by highlighting a couple of announcements we made since our last call. As you may be aware  the company shares were previously dual listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the Euronext Amsterdam Exchange. However  as we rationalize benefits versus the cost of maintaining the dual listing  we decided to de-list the shares from the Amsterdam Exchange  which became effective in early December of last year. In following the de-listing of the shares on January 17 of this year  we announced our plan to reorganize the company's corporate structure which includes redomesticating the parent company from the Netherlands to the United States. The company and its Board believes the redomestication will enhance long-term shareholder value by reducing administrative costs  simplifying the corporate structure  as well as gaining some operational efficiencies.The company filed a preliminary prospectus and proxy statement associated with the redomestication  which will require shareholder approval. We anticipate the redomestication transaction will be completed sometime in the first half of this year. Before we review the financial performance for the quarter  the guidance we gave on our last call and past calls specifically excluded the impact of any FX gains or losses and assumed an effective tax rate of 20%. So accordingly  our discussion today excludes any foreign exchange gain or loss for current and prior periods. Additionally  the GAAP financial results for the fourth quarter include a non-cash adjustment of $1.9 million  which decreased stock compensation expense associated with performance share awards  which vested during the quarter.This adjustment has also been excluded from the discussion of our fourth quarter and full-year results. Now looking at the income statement  revenue from continuing operations was $127.6 million in the fourth quarter  up slightly from $126 million in the prior quarter. The sequential increase in revenue was driven by growth in both the U.S. and international markets. However  nice growth in multiple international regions has been partially offset by continued disruptions caused by the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict  which adversely impacted service revenue in the affected regions. Of this revenue  service revenue  which is more international  was $88.9 million for the quarter up from $87.9 million last quarter. During the quarter  we saw nice sequential growth of 11% in the U.S.  which was led by our laboratory services and well diagnostic services.We also see nice sequential improvement in multiple international regions outside the areas impacted by the Russia-Ukraine conflict. However  the Russia-Ukraine conflict has continued to disrupt the trading patterns and flow of oil in the affected regions. The realignment of these trading patterns still continues  and the realignment of these trading patterns has not been consistent or linear. For example  in Europe  our crude oil assay activity increased during the third quarter  but activity decreased again in the fourth quarter. The company believes these trading patterns will become more stable throughout 2023  and we will continue to monitor the changes to the trading patterns and appropriately adopt -- adapt our operations accordingly.For the full-year of 2022  service revenue of $347 million was relatively flat compared to $344.3 million in 2021. As Larry mentioned  two main factors have adversely impacted our international revenue by over $20 million in 2022. The devaluation of certain currencies  primarily the Euro and British pound; and disruptions caused by the Russia-Ukraine conflict as we just discussed. Product sales  which is equally tied to North America and international activity were $38.6 million for the quarter  up slightly compared to $38.1 million last quarter. International product sales for the quarter were up 15% sequentially  and our energetic sales to the U.S. market were also up sequentially. However  this growth was partially offset by a decrease of approximately $2 million in other product sales.For the full-year of 2022  product sales revenue was of $142.8 million was up 13% from $125.9 million in 2021. Moving on to the cost of services ex-items for the quarter are 78% of service revenue  which is comparable to last quarter. The service side of our business has been more impacted by the Russia-Ukraine conflict  although we see improvements in absorption of costs and nice incremental margins in regions where activity is expanding these gains are being offset by disruption to the business in other regions more directly impacted by the conflict. Cost of sales ex-items in the fourth quarter were 79% of revenue and improved from 82% last quarter. The improvement this quarter was primarily driven by gains in manufacturing efficiencies and higher international sales.Manufacturing costs continue to increase due to inflation on materials and other operating costs. However  some of the impact has been mitigated through gains in manufacturing efficiencies and some improvement in pricing. G&A ex-items for the quarter was $10.4 million  relatively flat compared to last quarter. For the full-year of 2022  G&A ex-items was $39.3 million  up from $37 million in 2021 due to restoration of employee compensation and benefits. For 2023  we expect G&A to be approximately $40 million to $42 million. Depreciation and amortization for the quarter was $4.1 million and comparable to last quarter. For the full-year depreciation and amortization expense was $17.2 million  down from $18.5 million in 2021. EBIT ex-items for the quarter was $14.7 million  up 10% from $13.3 million last quarter  and representing an EBIT margin of approximately 12%  which is also up from 11% last quarter.Operating income for the fourth quarter on a GAAP basis was $15.6 million. And for the full-year of 2022  EBIT ex-items was $44.8 million  down from $52.3 million in the prior year and on a GAAP basis  EBIT was $41.5 million for 2022 and $45.3 million in 2021. Interest expense was $3.1 million in comparable to last quarter and interest expense ex-items for the full-year was $11.4 million  up slightly from $11 million in 2021. Although  interest rates have significantly increased throughout 2022 the company has substantially offset the impact of this increase by reducing our outstanding debt. On a GAAP basis  interest expense for the full-year of 2022 was $11.6 million  up from $9.2 million in 2021  as 2021 interest expense included a $1.4 million gain associated with settling some of our interest rate hedges last year.Income tax expense ex-items and using an effective tax rate of 20% for the quarter was $2.3 million. On a GAAP basis  the company recorded income tax expense of $5.8 million for the quarter. And for the full-year  income tax expense was $10.3 million  resulting in an effective tax rate of 34% for 2022. However  income tax expense was significantly increased in 2022 due to the devaluation of foreign currencies  primarily Turkey and the United Kingdom  which we discussed in prior quarters. Excluding the impact associated with the devaluation of the Turkish lira and British pound  the company's effective tax rate would've been approximately 18%. The effective tax rate will continue to be somewhat sensitive to the geographic mix of earnings across the globe and the impact of items discrete to each quarter.However  we continue to project the company's effective tax rate to be approximately 20%. Income from continuing operations ex-items for the quarter was $9.3 million  up 11% sequentially from $8.3 million last quarter. For the full-year 2022 ex-items  it was $26.8 million  down from $33 million in 2021. GAAP income from continuing operations for the quarter was $6.7 million  and for the full-year 2022 was $19.7 million. Earnings per diluted share from continuing operations ex-items was $0.20 for the quarter  up from $0.18 last quarter  and was $0.57 for the full-year of 2022. GAAP earnings per diluted share from continuing operations was $0.14 for the quarter and $0.42 for the full-year. Now moving on to the balance sheet  receivables were $106.9 million at December 31  up $6.7 million from last quarter end.Petroleum  Industry  LaboratoryPhoto by Gritte on UnsplashOur DSOs for the fourth quarter were at 70 days also up when compared to 67 days last quarter. The increase was primarily driven by the timing of billings during the quarter and a slightly higher mix of international revenue  which generally has a longer collection period. Inventory finished the year at $60.4 million  up approximately $5.6 million from last quarter end. Inventory turns for the quarter were at 2.1 down from 2.3 in the last quarter  and primarily down due to shipping delays postponing some larger international sales into 2023. As previously highlighted  the company continues to experience an increase in cost of raw materials  labor  packaging  and transportation costs  which are increasing the cost of inventory. Additionally  challenges in the supply chain persist  which will continue to require carrying a larger amount of inventory to help mitigate disruptions.We anticipate inventory turns will remain at similar levels  but we have a focused effort for improvement as we progress into 2023. On the liability side of the balance sheet  our long-term debt was $175 million at December 31 and was reduced by $10 million this quarter. Our debt is currently comprised of our senior notes at $135 million as well as $40 million outstanding under our bank revolving credit facility. As Larry mentioned earlier  our free cash flow has also improved as the company's financial performance has improved the last couple of quarters. Our free cash flow continues to be focused on reducing outstanding debt  considering cash of $15.4 million  our net debt was $159.6 million at year-end  a reduction of $11.7 million this quarter  which also improved our leverage ratio to 2.29 from 2.42 at last quarter end.Since announcing the company's commitment and focus on reducing debt in the fourth quarter of 2019  we have reduced net debt by 46%. The company will continue applying free cash towards reducing debt  so that company reaches its target leverage ratio of 1.5 or lower. Looking at cash flow for the fourth quarter of 2022  cash flow from operating activities was $13.2 million  and after paying for $2 million of CapEx  our free cash flow was $11.2 million for the quarter. Our free cash flow generated this quarter is the highest we have achieved since the third quarter of 2020. Looking forward to 2023  we expect CapEx to modestly expand and will continue to remain in line with historical levels  but also be aligned with activity levels. For the full-year of 2023  we expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $12 million to $15 million  which is an increase from $10.2 million in 2022.Core will continue our strict capital discipline and asset-like business model with capital expenditures primarily targeted at growth opportunities and initiatives. Core Lab's operational leverage continues to provide for the ability to grow revenue and profitability with minimal capital requirements. Capital expenditures have historically ranged from 2.5% to 4% of revenue even during periods of significant growth. That same level of laboratory infrastructure  intellectual property  and leverage exists in the business today. We believe evaluating a company's ability to generate free cash flow and free cash flow yield is an important metric for shareholders when comparing and projecting company's financial results  particularly for those shareholders who utilize discounted cash flow models to assess valuations.I will now turn it over to Gwen for an update on our guidance and outlook.Gwen Gresham: Thank you  Chris. Looking forward into 2023  we see crude oil macro fundamentals continuing to support a multi-year recovery cycle for the oil and gas industry. Crude oil demand for 2023 as forecasted by the International Energy Agency in January of this year is projected to increase by 1.9 million barrels per day to a record 101.7 million barrels per day as consumption in China grows along with the reopening of its economy. As crude oil demand is projected to exceed pre-COVID levels  crude-oil supply is projected to tighten. Production growth continues to face constraints due to prolonged underinvestment in many regions around the globe as well as natural decline of production from existing fields. As a result  we expect operators to expand their upstream spending plans for 2023 by mid-teens compared to 2022.This supports our continued improvement in international onshore and offshore activity  with projects emerging and underway  most notably across the Middle East  Latin America and West Africa regions. Moving on to the U.S.  we see similar challenges with crude oil supply which should require increased spending by operators to grow and replace production. While operators remain focused on capital discipline  2023 forecasts indicate their U.S. upstream spending will increase by approximately 15% year- over-year. Turning to the first quarter of 2023  we anticipate Reservoir Description to be down low to mid-single-digits sequentially. There are two factors causing the sequential decline in revenue. First  the typical seasonal industry pattern  which will cause activity in the first quarter to decline in some regions; and second  continued volatility with crude oil trading patterns which may impact Reservoir Description's international growth within its Russian  Ukrainian  and European operations.Helping to offset these revenue headwinds  we will see an increase in international upstream project activity  which is currently underway. For Production Enhancement  revenue is estimated to be up mid-single-digit as U.S. land activity is projected to recover from normal seasonal declines experienced at year-end. We project first quarter 2023 revenue to range from $125 million to $129 million and operating income of $11.5 million to $14.5 million  yielding operating margins of approximately 10%. EPS for the first quarter is expected to range from $0.14 to $0.19. The company's first quarter guidance is based on projections for underlying operations and excludes gains and losses in foreign exchange. First quarter guidance also assumes an effective tax rate of 20%.Now  I'll pass the discussion back to Larry.Larry Bruno: Thanks  Gwen. First  I'd like to thank our global team of employees for providing innovative solutions  integrity  and superior service to our clients. The team's collective dedication to servicing our clients is the foundation of Core Lab's success. Turning first to Reservoir Description  for the fourth quarter of 2022  revenue came in at just over $78 million down slightly compared to Q3. When looking at revenue growth for Reservoir Description  it is important to consider the sharp devaluation of the Euro and the British pound. These currency devaluations lowered Reservoir Description revenue for the full-year  by more than $12 million using 2021 exchange rates. Operating income for Reservoir Description ex-items was $6 million  and operating margins were 8%.Growth across most regions was offset by impacts from the Russia-Ukraine conflict. Demand for crude oil and derived product assay work across Europe  Russia  and Ukraine  which rebounded somewhat during Q3  subsequently slowed in Q4 as sanctions became formalized. As previously discussed  we expect continued volatility and demand for these laboratory services as global trading patterns realign. However  as Gwen mentioned  the International Energy Agency recently forecast crude oil demand for 2023 to average a record high 101.7 million barrels per day  up by 1.9 million barrels per day from 2022  even after assessing global financial forecasts. This bodes well for growing demand for Reservoir Description's assay work. As we look ahead  while still well below pre-COVID levels  we see the growing international rig count as a harbinger of an improving landscape for Reservoir Description a trend that we project will play out for the next several years particularly in the Middle East  North and South America and most other regions.Early movers in the oilfield service sector that are more exposed to well construction have already felt the impact of this cycle shift. As projects progress into field appraisal  field development  and eventually production demand for Core Lab's Reservoir Description services will rise accordingly. Now for some operational highlights from the fourth quarter  Core Lab's Reservoir Description services were employed on both U.S. and international projects to help our clients evaluate their assets and develop programs to optimize production. Under the direction of a South American National Oil Company  Core Lab conducted a series of Enhanced Oil Recovery and flow assurance studies for a multi-well onshore program as evaluating the use of CO2-rich injection gases.This laboratory work is determining the impact of blending these CO2-rich gases with existing reservoir fluids and are providing the basis for advanced equation-of-state modeling. While defining the gas injection parameters for a successful field application are critical to improving crude oil recoveries  operators must also assess the potential for the injected CO2 to unintendedly cause flocculation of asphaltenes. These long chain asphaltene molecules can clog pores in the rock and impair permeability  thus reducing the effectiveness of CO2 injection programs. Broadly  CO2 injection projects like this reflect a globally expanding interest in enhanced oil recovery and carbon capture and storage technologies. When properly evaluated with rigorous laboratory testing  injecting CO2 into hydrocarbon bearing subsurface formations can simultaneously improve oil recovery and reduce CO2 emissions.Also  during the fourth quarter of 2022  Core completed an integrated study on conventional core from a lower Barnett shale pilot well in the Permian Basin. The key objectives of the study were to evaluate the resource potential of the strata and identify landing zone targets that will optimize stimulation and hydrocarbon production. Core analysis data acquire from the pilot well was benchmarked against key performance indicators from 21 wells in Core Lab's proprietary Woodford-Barnett joint industry project to provide insights into future production potential of the play. Core applied its new proprietary prism mudstone laboratory workflow  which combines advanced petrophysical and geochemical technologies  including measurements from high frequency  nuclear magnetic resonance and multi-rate pyrolysis to also provide rapid assessment of mobile versus non-mobile hydrocarbons in the rocks.The Prism workflow also refined petrophysical models and allow for refined calibration of downhole logs  which in turn resulted in an increase in both calculated reserves and estimated ultimate recovery. Moving now to Production Enhancement  where Core Lab technologies continue to help our clients optimize their well completions. Revenue for Production Enhancement came in at $49 million  up 5% sequentially and up 10% year-over-year. Operating income ex-items was $7.7 million  while operating margins were 16% for the fourth quarter of 2022 and sequential margins were more than 100%. During the fourth quarter of 2022  Core Lab continued to build on the success of its expand  casing and tubing patch technology. The industry-leading versatility and reliability of the expand system yield significant savings in the remediation of all types of wells with casing damage  ranging from oil and gas producers through to disposal and geothermal wells.Recently  an operator in Alaska had casing leaks in a horizontal water disposal well at four different depths over a 5 000-foot interval. As the disposal well were to become unavailable  hydrocarbon production from nearby oil and gas wells would need to be severely curtailed. Remedial steps that would have otherwise required a workover rig would have been both costly and time-consuming. Instead  Core Lab experts recommended placing four separate expand patches via wireline with a configuration that would enable operations in this highly deviated wellbore. All four patches were successfully deployed  set on depth and the well passed the mandatory mechanical integrity tests required by state authorities. This allowed the disposal operation to continue rigless intervention to repair the well with expand resulted in significant cost savings and enable the nearby producing wells to maintain hydrocarbon output.To-date  Core Lab has run over 100 000 feet of proprietary casing and tubing patches. The expand system has a proven track record of reliability and is one of the most effective solutions of its type. That concludes our operational review. We appreciate your participation. And Drew will now open the call for questions.See also 10 Cheap Lithium Stocks To Buy and 15 Largest Ophtalmology Companies in the World .To continue reading the Q&A session  please click here.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.12,0.48,True,English,"['Core Laboratories N.V.', 'Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript', 'NYSE', 'CLB', 'Core Laboratories Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Call', 'Full company sequential incremental margins', 'higher free cash flow', 'constant dollar exchange rate', 'Q4 2022 Earnings Call Transcript', 'Core Laboratories N.V.', 'comparable GAAP financial measures', 'full company operating margins', 'strong incremental margins', 'Reservoir Description margins', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Senior Vice President', 'three financial tenets', 'detailed financial overview', 'Q&A session', 'recent Annual Report', 'two successive quarters', 'key strategic objectives', 'key geographic markets', 'fourth quarter results', 'two operating segments', '27 plus year history', ""Core Labs' technologies"", 'long-term shareholder value', 'key financial strategies', 'other international regions', 'other forward-looking information', 'GAAP measures', 'sequential improvement', 'strong quarter', 'financial tenants', 'operating income', 'other reports', 'six segments', 'actual results', 'new information', 'forward-looking statements', 'Good morning', 'good afternoon', 'Middle East', 'good evening', 'Investor Relations', 'high-level review', 'important factors', 'successful introduction', 'major projects', 'business outlook', 'Form 10-K', 'future events', 'press release', 'balance sheet', 'currency devaluation', 'British pound', 'production enhancement', 'high incrementals', 'adverse impacts', 'Russia-Ukraine conflict', 'trading patterns', 'crude oil', 'laboratory services', 'new product', 'service offerings', 'focused organization', 'registration statements', 'Larry Bruno', 'opening comments', 'additional comments', 'net debt', 'Chris Hill', 'Gwen Gresham', 'full-year 2022 performance', 'derived products', 'NYSE', 'CLB', 'Operator', 'participants', 'listen', 'mode', 'today', 'presentation', 'opportunity', 'questions', 'conference', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Americas', 'Europe', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'shareholders', 'analysts', 'employees', 'Head', 'remarks', 'guidance', 'progress', 'continued', 'deployment', 'operations', 'phones', 'projections', 'estimates', 'discussion', 'types', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'SEC', 'AFM.', 'obligation', 'Reconciliation', 'website', 'revenue', 'EPS', 'improvements', 'Q3.', 'items', 'demand', 'assay', 'excess', 'growth', 'lean', 'commitment', 'interests', 'clients']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17919,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-to-participate-in-pershing-square-holdings-ltd-annual-investor-meeting-301740302.html,Universal Music Group N.V. To Participate in Pershing Square Holdings  Ltd. Annual Investor Meeting,HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Feb. 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Sir Lucian Grainge  will be interviewed at Pershing Square Holdings  Ltd.'s Annual Investor Meet…,HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Feb. 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Sir Lucian Grainge  will be interviewed at Pershing Square Holdings  Ltd.'s Annual Investor Meeting on Thursday  February 9  2023  at 4:00PM CET (3:00PM GMT).To listen to the webcast  please visit investors.universalmusic.com.About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.MediaJames Murtagh-Hopkins – [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun – [email protected]SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.54,0.45,0.01,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Pershing Square Holdings', 'Annual Investor Meeting', 'SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.', 'commercially successful music', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Sir Lucian Grainge', 'Pershing Square Holdings', 'Annual Investor Meeting', 'music publishing', 'The Netherlands', '4:00PM CET', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'James Murtagh-Hopkins', 'Erika Begun', 'world leader', 'HILVERSUM', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'Chairman', 'Thursday', 'February', 'webcast', 'investors', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'development', 'services', 'platforms', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans', 'information', 'Media']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,prnewswire.com
17920,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-to-participate-in-pershing-square-holdings-ltd-annual-investor-meeting-301740309.html,Universal Music Group N.V. To Participate in Pershing Square Holdings  Ltd. Annual Investor Meeting,HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Feb. 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Sir Lucian Grainge  will be interviewed at Pershing Square Holdings  Ltd.'s Annual Investor Meet…,HILVERSUM  The Netherlands  Feb. 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Sir Lucian Grainge  will be interviewed at Pershing Square Holdings  Ltd.'s Annual Investor Meeting on Thursday  February 9  2023  at 4:00PM CET (3:00PM GMT).To listen to the webcast  please visit investors.universalmusic.com.UMGAbout Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.MediaJames Murtagh-Hopkins – [email protected]InvestorsErika Begun – [email protected]Photo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/512308/UMG.jpgSOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Pershing Square Holdings', 'Annual Investor Meeting', 'SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.', 'commercially successful music', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Sir Lucian Grainge', 'Pershing Square Holdings', 'Annual Investor Meeting', 'music publishing', 'The Netherlands', '4:00PM CET', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'new experiences', 'James Murtagh-Hopkins', 'Erika Begun', 'world leader', 'HILVERSUM', 'Feb.', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'Chairman', 'Thursday', 'February', 'webcast', 'investors', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'development', 'services', 'platforms', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans', 'information', 'Media', 'Photo']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,prnewswire.com
17921,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PCAS-5058/news/PCAS-NET-SALES-AS-OF-DECEMBER-31-2022-42914291/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,PCAS: NET SALES AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022,(marketscreener.com) Ecully  February 7  2023 NET SALES AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022 PCAS   a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies  has announced the publication of its consolidated net sales as of …,Ecully  February 7  2023NET SALES AS OF DECEMBER 31  2022PCAS (Euronext Paris: PCA)  a specialist in developing and producing complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies  has announced the publication of its consolidated net sales as of December 31  2022.The PCAS Group has generated consolidated net sales of €226.4 million as of December 31  2022  a 21.1% increase compared to the same period during the previous financial year (+17.9% at a constant exchange rate).In millions of euros 2022 2021 % change 2022 At a constant exchange rate % change Net sales as of 31 december 226.4 187.0 21.1% 220.6 17.9% Pharmaceutical Synthesis 143.7 119.6 20.1% 140.6 17.6% Fine Specialty Chemicals 82.7 67.4 22.7% 79.9 18.6%in millions of euros France Other areas Total Net Sales by origin December 31  2022 172.1 54.3 226.4 December 31  2021 142.7 44.3 187.0 Unaudited consolidated dataPharmaceutical SynthesisThe Pharmaceutical Synthesis business generated sales of €143.7 million  a 20.1% increase compared to 2021 (a 17.6% increase at a constant exchange rate). Sales growth was driven mainly by sales of Estetrol for Mithra (to be put in perspective  however  with the difficulties faced in recovering certain corresponding receivables from this company)  a strong demand for products from the Turku site  a favorable EUR/USD exchange rate  and the impact of price increases implemented over the past months to cover the very sharp increase in the cost of raw materials and energy.Fine Specialty ChemicalsNet sales of Fine Specialty Chemicals totaled €82.7 million  a 22.7% increase compared to 2021 (a 18.6% increase at a constant exchange rate). Business has been robust throughout the year with a very strong demand for Electronics and Cosmetics and a positive trend in Lubricants and Fine Chemicals. The increase in the cost of raw materials and energy has been passed through to customers and has thus contributed to the growth of net sales. The dynamics in the industrialization of new products was also very good.OutlookAs announced on November 3rd and December 21st  2022  2022 results will remain very negative  as the level of activity remains insufficient to cover fixed costs at several Pharmaceutical Synthesis sites  and due to inventory depreciations for out-of-specification products. Further  these results may be revised depending on the evolution of the ongoing legal proceedings relating to the sales of Estetrol. A follow-up will be provided when the 2022 results will be released on March 30  2023.In this context  PCAS has to study a temporary reduction in activity on the production site concerned by such product  including some workshops dedicated to the production of Estetrol. Although it is not possible at this stage to assess more precisely the consequences on future business and results incurred by the difficulties faced with this client  due to the aforementioned ongoing legal proceedings  the return to positive results announced for 2023 will be delayed.PCAS Group will continue to benefit from the support of its majority shareholder Seqens (owning 76.66%) for the financing of its activities and its development.NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE:2022 Results  March 30  2023ABOUT PCASPCAS specializes in the development and production of complex molecules for life sciences and innovative technologies. With about 12% of its net sales earmarked for R&D and a large international footprint  PCAS is the preferred industrial partner for market-leading major global groups. Boasting especially high standards  the company offers a growing range of proprietary products and solutions in leading-edge segments. PCAS generated net sales of €226.4 million in 2022 and employs nearly 1100 people in six countries.To find out more about PCAS: www.pcas.comPCAS NewCapJean-Louis Martin / Eric MoissenotEmmanuel Huynh / Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCapFinancial communication and investor relation Tel.: +33 1 69 79 60 00www.pcas.com Tel.: +33 1 44 71 98 53pcas@newcap.euAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.57,0.06,0.36,True,English,"['PCAS', 'SALES', 'DECEMBER', 'Other areas Total Net Sales', 'market-leading major global groups', 'several Pharmaceutical Synthesis sites', 'favorable EUR/USD exchange rate', 'consolidated data Pharmaceutical Synthesis', 'constant exchange rate % change', 'The Pharmaceutical Synthesis business', 'ongoing legal proceedings', 'large international footprint', 'preferred industrial partner', 'NEXT FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE', 'Fine Specialty Chemicals', 'Louis-Victor Delouvrier NewCap', 'consolidated net sales', 'previous financial year', 'The PCAS Group', 'Fine Chemicals', 'Financial communication', 'future business', 'Euronext Paris', 'complex molecules', 'life sciences', 'innovative technologies', 'same period', 'corresponding receivables', 'strong demand', 'Turku site', 'price increases', 'past months', 'raw materials', 'positive trend', 'fixed costs', 'inventory depreciations', 'temporary reduction', 'majority shareholder', 'R&D', 'high standards', 'growing range', 'leading-edge segments', 'six countries', 'PCAS NewCap', 'Jean-Louis Martin', 'Eric Moissenot', 'Emmanuel Huynh', 'investor relation', 'new products', 'specification products', 'proprietary products', 'Sales growth', 'ABOUT PCAS', 'production site', 'positive results', 'sharp increase', '2022 results', '21.1% increase', '20.1% increase', '17.6% increase', '22.7% increase', '18.6% increase', 'Ecully', 'February', 'DECEMBER', 'specialist', 'publication', 'millions', 'euros', 'France', 'origin', 'Estetrol', 'Mithra', 'perspective', 'difficulties', 'company', 'impact', 'energy', 'Electronics', 'Cosmetics', 'Lubricants', 'customers', 'dynamics', 'industrialization', 'Outlook', 'November', 'level', 'activity', 'evolution', 'follow-up', 'March', 'context', 'workshops', 'stage', 'consequences', 'client', 'return', 'support', 'Seqens', 'financing', 'activities', 'development', 'solutions', '1100 people', 'Tel', 'Attachment', '33 1']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17922,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BELIEVE-123488703/news/Believe-Hits-1-Billion-Digital-Music-Sales-42921846/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230207,Believe Hits 1 Billion Digital Music Sales,(marketscreener.com) Believe Hits €1 Billion Digital Music Sales Paris  February 7  2023 – Believe  one of the world's leading digital music companies  announces today it has surpassed the milestone of €1bn of digital music sales for 2022  confirming the succ…,"Believe Hits €1 Billion Digital Music SalesParis  February 7  2023 – Believe  one of the world's leading digital music companies  announces today it has surpassed the milestone of €1bn of digital music sales (DMS1) for 2022  confirming the success of the Group’s model and commercial strategy to best serve artists and labels at all stages of their career.Believe’s Digital Music Sales (DMS) represent the recorded music digital sales of the artists supported by the Group  directly or through their labels. The milestone of €1bn yearly DMS in 2022 is a testament to Believe’s original vision and appeal to artists and labels as the best partner to accelerate their careers.Denis Ladegaillerie  Founder & CEO  Believe  said  “We are proud to celebrate this milestone as a mark of Believe’s artists and labels’ continuous success. It is a tribute to the strength and passion of our two hearts: our artists  at all stages of their career  who create vibrant music that fans connect to and are inspired by  and our people  who put their digital expertise and technology at their service with respect  fairness and transparency. Our digital expertise and innovation  our deep relationships with our streaming partners have delivered great results for our artists and labels  helping them grow their audiences and their streams at a much faster rate than the market. Delivering best-in-class products and services to all artists  from DIY to established to top artists and shaping the future of the music industry by contributing to build strong  thriving and diverse local music ecosystems is what we stand for.”Believe supports over 1 million artists at all stages of their careers worldwide. Music creators and self-releasing artists benefit from TuneCore’s services to develop their audiences across more than 150 stores via Believe’s Automated Solutions offering. Believe’s Premium Solutions services include Label & Artist Solutions  which supports labels and mid-level to established artists through distribution and light touch marketing  and Artist Services that also provides marketing and promotion strategy and execution to top artists.This multi-tier offering  along with outstanding expert teams  best-in-class proprietary technology and strong long-term partnerships with digital service providers  allows Believe’s artists and labels to monetize their music at best at all stages of their development. The Group thus contributes to building a diverse  equitable and healthy music ecosystem where all local artists and labels can build sustainable careers in the digital world.Lyor Cohen  Global Head of Music  YouTube  commented: ""This milestone is huge! It is yet another sign of Believe's commitment to build a sustainable digital ecosystem for every artist in the world -- a mission that we not only honor but also share through our long term partnership. We are proud to work alongside Believe and look forward to continuing to innovate together  bringing music to fans everywhere. Congratulations!“Jeremy Erlich  Vice President & Global Head of Music  Spotify  commented: “Believe is a valued partner and we congratulate them on this incredible milestone. Enabling artists to live off their work is core to our mission at Spotify  and we’re proud to have played a part in helping Believe artists find  connect with  and grow their fan bases around the world.”Rishi Mirchandani  Vice President  Licensing and Strategy  Amazon Music  commented: “We are proud to work with Believe and provide more opportunities for artists around the world to grow their careers and audiences. Congratulations to Believe for this milestone  and we look forward to finding more ways for artists and labels to share and promote music together.”=======About BelieveBelieve is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital world by providing them with the solutions they need to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of digital music experts around the world leverages the Group’s global technology platform to advise artists and labels  distribute and promote their music. Its 1 610 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with a unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including TuneCore  Nuclear Blast  Naïve  Groove Attack and AllPoints. Believe is listed on compartment A of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9).www.believe.comPress contacts:Manon JESSUA – manon.jessua@believe.comYousr ABASSI – yousr.abassi@agenceproches.com | Cell: +33 6 99 45 48 64Investor Relations contact:Emilie MEGEL – emilie.megel@believe.com | +33 6 07 09 98 60##1 DMS is the revenue generated from digital store partners and social media platforms before royalty payment to artists and labels.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['1 Billion Digital Music Sales', 'Believe', 'leading digital music companies', '1 Billion Digital Music Sales', 'diverse local music ecosystems', 'outstanding expert teams', 'long term partnership', 'Investor Relations contact', 'social media platforms', 'music digital sales', 'strong long-term partnerships', 'sustainable digital ecosystem', 'digital store partners', 'healthy music ecosystem', 'digital music experts', 'unique digital expertise', 'light touch marketing', 'digital service providers', 'class proprietary technology', 'Automated Solutions offering', 'global technology platform', 'Premium Solutions services', '€1bn yearly DMS', 'diverse, equitable', 'streaming partners', 'class products', 'strong, thriving', 'multi-tier offering', 'vibrant music', 'music industry', 'Music creators', 'Amazon Music', 'Global Head', 'local artists', 'various solutions', 'digital world', 'original vision', 'best partner', 'Denis Ladegaillerie', 'two hearts', 'deep relationships', 'great results', 'Lyor Cohen', 'Jeremy Erlich', 'Vice President', 'valued partner', 'fan bases', 'Rishi Mirchandani', 'passionate team', 'Nuclear Blast', 'Naïve', 'Groove Attack', 'compartment A', 'Press contacts', 'Emilie MEGEL', 'royalty payment', 'Artist Solutions', 'sustainable careers', 'commercial strategy', 'promotion strategy', 'continuous success', 'regulated market', 'Euronext Paris', 'Yousr ABASSI', 'Artist Services', 'top artists', '1 million artists', 'self-releasing artists', 'independent artists', 'The Group', 'incredible milestone', 'Manon JESSUA', '1 DMS', 'Believe', 'model', 'labels', 'stages', 'testament', 'appeal', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'tribute', 'strength', 'fans', 'people', 'respect', 'fairness', 'transparency', 'innovation', 'audiences', 'streams', 'DIY', 'future', 'TuneCore', '150 stores', 'mid-level', 'distribution', 'execution', 'development', 'YouTube', 'sign', 'commitment', 'mission', 'Congratulations', 'Spotify', 'work', 'Licensing', 'opportunities', 'ways', '1,610 employees', '50 countries', 'portfolio', 'brands', 'AllPoints', 'Ticker', 'BLV', 'ISIN', 'agenceproches', 'Cell', 'revenue', 'Attachment', '2022']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,marketscreener.com
17923,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.padovanews.it/2023/02/07/signing-of-a-new-250-million-euros-syndicated-loan-bringing-the-total-amount-of-credit-facilities-available-to-the-group-to-490-million-euros/,Signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490 million euros,Signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490. million euros. Voltalia (Euronext Paris ISIN code,Signing of a new 250 million euros syndicated loan  bringing the total amount of credit facilities available to the Group to 490. million euros. Voltalia (Euronext Paris ISIN code,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['new 250 million euros syndicated loan', '490 million euros', 'total amount', 'credit facilities', 'Signing', 'Group', 'new 250 million euros syndicated loan', 'Euronext Paris ISIN code', 'total amount', 'credit facilities', 'Signing', 'Group', 'Voltalia']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,padovanews.it
17924,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/2023/02/07/global-equities-edge-lower-as-markets-await-word-from-federal-reserve/,Global equities edge lower as markets await word from Federal Reserve,A gauge of global equities edged lower and the dollar inched up on Tuesday as markets awaited word from the Federal Reserve chief after last week’s blockbuster US jobs number made clear interest rates will stay higher for longer to combat inflation.,Capping declines on the tech-heavy Nasdaq was megacap Microsoft. The company’s shares added 1.9%.A gauge of global equities edged lower and the dollar inched up on Tuesday as markets awaited word from the Federal Reserve chief after last week’s blockbuster US jobs number made clear interest rates will stay higher for longer to combat inflation.DUBLINEuronext Dublin was down 0.5 per cent on what was a quiet day for the index with volumes across Europe down about 20 per cent this week.Among the financial names  Bank of Ireland was up 0.8 per cent  while AIB finished the day up 0.5 per cent. “Both those names have been on the upswing over the past few months  so they maintained that ” noted a trader.READ MOREHas the Central Bank let down Irish mortgage holders? Listen | 41:27Among the big hitters  Paddy Power Betfair parent Flutter Entertainment was down 1 per cent  while building materials giant CRH was up 0.1 per cent.Elsewhere  Ryanair was down 1 per cent while Kerry Group also finished the day down 1 per cent.LONDONThe FTSE 100 finished the day up 0.4 per cent  although about two-thirds of companies on the index finished the day in the red.Oil giant BP was up 8 per cent  while Shell ended the day up 2 per cent. Among the banks  HSBC closed up 1.5 per cent.Among the main fallers  Pearson  Melrose Industries  and Compass Group all finished the day down 2-2.5 per cent.Meanwhile  the FTSE 250 was down 1 per cent at the close of business.EUROPEEuropean shares edged higher in early trading ahead of comments by central bank policymakers against the backdrop of expectations that the global interest-rate increase cycle would last for longer  while bumper profits from BP lifted energy stocks.The broad pan-European Stoxx 600 index was up 0.04 per cent and MSCI’s gauge of global stock performance shed 0.12 per cent.The energy index was the top sector index performer with 1.4 per cent gains and was set for its biggest one-day climb in a month.BP jumped 4 per cent and was on track for its biggest single-day increase in two months following record profit  increased dividend and a $2.75-billion (€2.57 billion) share buyback.Losses in industrial shares capped the upside for the Stoxx 600. Airbus SE fell 1.8 per cent after Berenberg downgraded the aerospace and defence company’s stock to “sell” from “hold”.Siemens Energy fell 4.3 per cent after its first-quarter net loss more than doubled  while the euro zone’s largest lender BNP Paribas gained 1.5 per cent after raising its 2025 targets and announcing a €5 billion share buyback in 2023.Demant jumped 6.4 per cent after the hearing-aid manufacturer’s operating profits for the second half of 2022 topped expectations. The company said it expects 2023 organic growth between 3 per cent and 7 per cent.NEW YORKDuring early trading on Wall Street  the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.34 per cent  the S&P 500 lost 0.18 per cent and the Nasdaq Composite added 0.03 per cent.Capping declines on the tech-heavy Nasdaq was megacap Microsoft. The company’s shares added 1.9 per cent.US-listed shares of Baidu soared 8.9 per cent as the Chinese search engine said it would conclude the testing of its ChatGPT-style project ‘Ernie Bot’ in March.Seven of the top 11 sectors on the S&P 500 were in decline  but technology was among top gainers propped up by Microsoft.Among top gainers on the Dow Jones Industrial Average  Boeing climbed 0.8 per cent after the US plane maker confirmed on Monday that it expects to cut about 2 000 white-collar jobs through attrition and lay-offs.Expectations of high rates for a protracted period dragged Wall Street’s main indexes down on Monday. But  all three major averages are in the black for 2023  with the Nasdaq adding over 13 per cent  led by a revival in battered mega-cap growth stocks.So far  more than half of the companies on the S&P 500 have reported quarterly earnings  with 69.1 per cent of them beating expectations  according to Refinitiv. Still  analysts expect fourth-quarter earnings to decline 3.1 per cent. — Additional reporting: Agencies,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.03,0.18,0.79,True,English,"['Global equities', 'Federal Reserve', 'markets', 'word', 'Paddy Power Betfair parent Flutter Entertainment', 'building materials giant CRH', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'blockbuster US jobs number', 'global interest-rate increase cycle', 'broad pan-European Stoxx 600 index', 'top sector index performer', 'biggest single-day increase', 'US plane maker', 'Federal Reserve chief', 'Irish mortgage holders', 'biggest one-day climb', '2.57 billion) share buyback', 'first-quarter net loss', '€5 billion share buyback', 'Chinese search engine', 'three major averages', 'clear interest rates', 'Oil giant BP', 'global stock performance', 'mega-cap growth stocks', 'central bank policymakers', '1.4 per cent gains', 'global equities', '2,000 white-collar jobs', 'industrial shares', 'energy stocks', '2023 organic growth', 'top 11 sectors', 'top gainers', 'high rates', 'energy index', '3 per cent', '7 per cent', '1.9 per cent', '69.1 per cent', 'Capping declines', 'last week', 'big hitters', 'Kerry Group', 'main fallers', 'Melrose Industries', 'Compass Group', 'early trading', 'bumper profits', 'record profit', 'Airbus SE', 'Siemens Energy', 'euro zone', 'largest lender', 'BNP Paribas', 'hearing-aid manufacturer', 'operating profits', 'NEW YORK', 'Wall Street', 'S&P 500', 'ChatGPT-style project', 'Ernie Bot', 'protracted period', 'main indexes', 'quarterly earnings', 'fourth-quarter earnings', 'Additional reporting', 'European shares', 'US-listed shares', 'Euronext Dublin', 'financial names', 'The FTSE 100', 'two months', 'second half', 'Nasdaq Composite', 'defence company', 'quiet day', 'megacap', 'Microsoft', 'gauge', 'dollar', 'Tuesday', 'markets', 'word', 'inflation', 'volumes', 'Ireland', 'AIB', 'upswing', 'past', 'trader', 'READ', 'Listen', 'Ryanair', 'LONDON', 'two-thirds', 'companies', 'red', 'Shell', 'banks', 'HSBC', 'Pearson', 'close', 'business', 'comments', 'backdrop', 'expectations', 'MSCI', 'track', '$2.75-billion', 'Losses', 'upside', 'Berenberg', 'aerospace', 'targets', 'Demant', 'Baidu', 'testing', 'March', 'technology', 'Boeing', 'Monday', 'attrition', 'lay', 'offs', 'black', 'revival', 'Refinitiv', 'analysts', 'Agencies', '0.4', '0.04', '12', '1.5', '0.03']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,irishtimes.com
17925,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ekinops-announces-mef-3-0-170000026.html,Ekinops Announces MEF 3.0 certification for Ethernet Product Family,Ekinops (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading supplier of optical transport systems and network access solutions  today announces that its entire Ethernet Access Device portfolio  supported by its unique OneOS6 network operating system ,"PARIS  Feb. 7  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Ekinops (Euronext Paris - FR0011466069 – EKI)  a leading supplier of optical transport systems and network access solutions  today announces that its entire Ethernet Access Device portfolio  supported by its unique OneOS6 network operating system  has been certified under the MEF 3.0 Carrier Ethernet compliance program of the Metro Ethernet Forum (MEF).Ekinops LogThis certification marks an important milestone in the validation of Ethernet related services supported by the OneOS6 network operating system  confirming its status as a uniquely consolidated system to support Layer 2 (L2)  Layer 3 (L3)  Voice  SD-WAN and Virtualized services.MEF 3.0 certification is now available for various 1647 and 1651 platforms  supporting E-Line  E-Lan  E-Tree  E-Access and E-Transit services. Depending on the platform  it is possible to use the same hardware platform to deliver L2  L3 or SD-WAN services  thus reducing the amount of equipment which must be validated and maintained for various services.""MEF certification is an important signal to the market that Ekinops' family of Ethernet Access Devices conforms to some of the highest standards in the telecoms industry."" said Sylvain Quartier  VP Marketing and Product Strategy for Access at Ekinops. ""Demonstrating that our devices are certified by independent and international standard bodies has never been more important. MEF 3.0 certification is a powerful hallmark that will instill confidence in our worldwide operator customer base.""With this MEF 3.0 certification  Ekinops demonstrates its commitment to provide top of the line products to its primary customers and worldwide operators. This move also addresses the need to reduce cost of ownership and time to market  while introducing new innovative services.An industry association of 200+ member companies  MEF's aim is to develop a global federation of network  cloud  and technology providers to establish dynamic  assured  and certified services that empower enterprise digital transformation. The engine powering this mission is the MEF 3.0 Global Services Framework which is based on four pillars of Services  LSO APIs  Community  and Certification.Story continuesFor more information about the Ekinops EAD portfolio  please visit https://www.ekinops.com/products-services/products/oneaccess/ethernet-access-devices/ead-fiber-10gFor more on MEF: https://www.mef.net/All press releases are published after the close of trading on Euronext Paris.EKINOPS Contact:Didier BrédyChairman and CEOcontact@ekinops.comInvestors:Mathieu OmnesInvestor relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 92momnes@actus.frPress:Amaury DugastPress relationTel.: +33 (0)1 53 67 36 74adugast@actus.frLogo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/814911/Ekinops_Logo.jpgCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ekinops-announces-mef-3-0-certification-for-ethernet-product-family-301740974.htmlSOURCE Ekinops",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.8,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['Ethernet Product Family', 'MEF 3.0 certification', 'Ekinops', 'unique OneOS6 network operating system', 'MEF 3.0 Carrier Ethernet compliance program', 'entire Ethernet Access Device portfolio', 'worldwide operator customer base', 'MEF 3.0 Global Services Framework', 'network access solutions', 'Metro Ethernet Forum', 'optical transport systems', 'Ethernet related services', 'international standard bodies', '200+ member companies', 'enterprise digital transformation', 'Didier Brédy', 'Ethernet Access Devices', 'Ekinops EAD portfolio', 'new innovative services', 'same hardware platform', 'worldwide operators', 'global federation', 'Virtualized services', 'E-Transit services', 'certified services', 'leading supplier', 'important milestone', 'important signal', 'highest standards', 'telecoms industry', 'Sylvain Quartier', 'VP Marketing', 'Product Strategy', 'powerful hallmark', 'primary customers', 'industry association', 'technology providers', 'dynamic, assured', 'four pillars', 'LSO APIs', 'Mathieu Omnes', 'Investor relation', 'Amaury Dugast', 'original content', 'MEF 3.0 certification', 'MEF certification', 'SD-WAN services', 'various services', 'Euronext Paris', 'Ekinops Log', ""Ekinops' family"", 'press releases', 'EKINOPS Contact', 'Press relation', 'SOURCE Ekinops', 'line products', 'various 1647', 'Feb.', 'PRNewswire', 'validation', 'status', 'Layer 2', 'Voice', '1651 platforms', 'E-Line', 'E-Lan', 'E-Tree', 'E-Access', 'L3', 'amount', 'equipment', 'independent', 'confidence', 'commitment', 'move', 'need', 'cost', 'ownership', 'time', 'aim', 'cloud', 'engine', 'mission', 'Community', 'Story', 'information', 'fiber', 'close', 'trading', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Investors', 'Tel.', 'momnes', 'actus', 'Logo', 'Cision', 'ethernet-product-family', '33']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17926,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.yahoo.com/now/beaconsmind-ag-annual-financial-report-164500117.html,beaconsmind AG: Annual financial report to be published by the end of February 2023,ZURICH  Switzerland  February 07  2023--Regulatory News: beaconsmind AG (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: MLBMD)  a leading SaaS provider in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) & analytics  announces that the publication of its annual financial report for 2021/2022 (01.07.2021 to 30.06.2022) will be further delayed. The background to this is the complex changeover to IFRS financial reporting from Swiss GAAP  which involves a considerable amount of additional work. In this context beaconsmind,ZURICH  Switzerland  February 07  2023--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:beaconsmind AG (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: MLBMD)  a leading SaaS provider in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) & analytics  announces that the publication of its annual financial report for 2021/2022 (01.07.2021 to 30.06.2022) will be further delayed. The background to this is the complex changeover to IFRS financial reporting from Swiss GAAP  which involves a considerable amount of additional work. In this context beaconsmind and the auditing company PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) require more time for the audit than planned. beaconsmind and PwC are working flat out to complete the audit process. The publication of the 2021/2022 annual financial report is scheduled for the end of February 2023.About beaconsmindFounded in 2015 in Switzerland  beaconsmind AG is a pioneer in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) software for retail chains. By fitting stores with Bluetooth beacons that precisely locate and identify customers  and by integrating its Software Suite  beaconsmind opens a brand-new channel for retailers to interact with their customers. Thanks to its solution  retailers can converge digital and physical shopping and address the convenience gaps of each. The shares of the company (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: MLBMD) are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with XETRA trading and on Euronext in Paris.For more information  please visit www.beaconsmind.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230207005970/en/ContactsContact Companybeaconsmind AG  Stäfa (Switzerland)Max Weiland  Founder & CEOmaxweiland@beaconsmind.comTel.: +41 44 380 73-73Contact for Business and Finance Pressedicto GmbH  Frankfurt (Germany)Axel Mühlhaus/Doron Kaufmannbeaconsmind@edicto.deTel.: +49 69 905 505-53,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['Annual financial report', 'AG', 'end', 'February', '2021/2022 annual financial report', 'IFRS financial reporting', 'leading SaaS provider', 'Axel Mühlhaus', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Contacts Contact Company', 'Regulatory News', 'location-based marketing', 'complex changeover', 'Swiss GAAP', 'considerable amount', 'additional work', 'auditing company', 'retail chains', 'Bluetooth beacons', 'Software Suite', 'new channel', 'physical shopping', 'convenience gaps', 'XETRA trading', 'source version', 'Stäfa', 'Max Weiland', 'Finance Press', 'Doron Kaufmann', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'audit process', 'LBM) software', 'beaconsmind AG', 'ZURICH', 'Switzerland', 'February', 'Ticker', 'MLBMD', 'field', 'analytics', 'publication', 'background', 'context', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers', 'PwC', 'time', 'end', 'pioneer', 'stores', 'customers', 'retailers', 'solution', 'digital', 'shares', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'information', 'businesswire', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'Tel.', 'GmbH', 'Germany']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,yahoo.com
17927,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/asm-announces-details-q4-2022-140000679.html,ASM ANNOUNCES DETAILS OF THE Q4 2022 CONFERENCE CALL AND WEBCAST,Almere  The Netherlands February 7  2023 .V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) will report its fourth quarter 2022 financial results at approximately 6:00 p.m. CET on Tuesday February 28  2023. ASM will host the quarterly earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday ,ASM International NVAlmere  The NetherlandsFebruary 7  2023ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) will report its fourth quarter 2022 financial results at approximately 6:00 p.m. CET on Tuesday February 28  2023.ASM will host the quarterly earnings conference call and webcast on Wednesday  March 1  2023  at 3:00 p.m. CET.Conference call participants should pre-register using this link to receive the dial-in numbers  passcode and a personal PIN  which are required to access the conference call.A simultaneous audio webcast  and replay will be accessible at https://www.asm.com/investors/webcasts-presentations/2022/fourth-quarter-earnings .About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com .Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.Story continuesCONTACTInvestor and media contact:Victor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.0,1.0,True,English,"['ASM ANNOUNCES DETAILS', 'Q4 2022 CONFERENCE CALL', 'THE', 'WEBCAST', 'Victor Bareño T', 'fourth quarter 2022 financial results', 'quarterly earnings conference call', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'ASM International NV Almere', 'common stock trades', 'Conference call participants', 'simultaneous audio webcast', 'actual results', 'financial statements', 'personal PIN', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'market acceptance', 'new products', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'import/export regulations', 'future developments', 'The Netherlands', 'Tuesday February', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'The Company', 'media contact', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'CET', 'link', 'numbers', 'passcode', 'replay', 'investors/webcasts-presentations', 'fourth-quarter-earnings', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'success', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'shareholders', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'Story', '6:00', '3:00']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,uk.finance.yahoo.com
17928,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stellantis-announces-changes-euronext-trading-070100211.html,Stellantis Announces Changes to Euronext Trading Symbols,Stellantis Announces Changes to Euronext Trading Symbols AMSTERDAM  7  2023 – Effective Monday  Feb. 13  2023  prior to the stock exchanges market openings  the trading symbols of Stellantis common shares listed on Euronext will change.,STELLANTIS N.VStellantis Announces Changes to Euronext Trading SymbolsAMSTERDAM  February 7  2023 – Effective Monday  Feb. 13  2023  prior to the stock exchanges market openings  the trading symbols of Stellantis common shares listed on Euronext will change. For the former Borsa Italiana (MTA) listing in Milan  it will become ‘STLAM.’ For the Euronext Paris listing in Paris  it will become ‘STLAP.’Given the migration of the Borsa Italiana markets onto the Euronext trading platform  it was necessary to create two separate trading symbols  as now the two order books will be traded in the same environment.The ‘STLA’ trading symbol on the New York Stock Exchange remains unchanged.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Trading Symbols', 'Stellantis', 'Changes', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'stock exchanges market openings', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'two separate trading symbols', 'two order books', 'former Borsa Italiana', 'Borsa Italiana markets', 'Euronext Trading Symbols', 'Euronext trading platform', 'STLA’ trading symbol', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'Stellantis common shares', 'STELLANTIS N.V', 'Euronext Paris listing', 'mobility provider', 'Citroën', 'MTA) listing', 'same environment', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'AMSTERDAM', 'February', 'Monday', 'Feb.', 'Milan', 'STLAM', 'STLAP', 'migration', 'NYSE', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'diversity', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'communities', 'information', 'fernao', 'Attachment']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,finance.yahoo.com
17929,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#NYSE Euronext’s Free Market Fallacy https://t.co/NmfSapa6eG #belgium #brussels #freemarket #economics #france… https://t.co/en66m6GVFL,nan,#NYSE Euronext’s Free Market Fallacy https://t.co/NmfSapa6eG #belgium #brussels #freemarket #economics #france… https://t.co/en66m6GVFL,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['Free Market Fallacy', 'NmfSapa6eG', 'belgium', 'brussels', 'freemarket', 'economics', 'Free Market Fallacy', 'NmfSapa6eG', 'belgium', 'brussels', 'freemarket', 'economics']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,Unknown
17930,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$STLA  6-K  Stellantis   (7 Feb  11:56am)📰 Stellantis Announces Changes to Euronext Trading Symbols… https://t.co/96NKXsYgTk,nan,$STLA  6-K  Stellantis   (7 Feb  11:56am)📰 Stellantis Announces Changes to Euronext Trading Symbols… https://t.co/96NKXsYgTk,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Trading Symbols', 'Feb', 'Stellantis', 'Changes', 'NKXsYgTk', 'Euronext Trading Symbols', 'Feb', 'Stellantis', 'Changes', 'NKXsYgTk']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,Unknown
17931,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Lagarde @ecb @HNB_HR Euronext and the French banks have nevertheless resumed the scam. The prices are adjusted per individual entry.,nan,@Lagarde @ecb @HNB_HR Euronext and the French banks have nevertheless resumed the scam. The prices are adjusted per individual entry.,negative,0.0,0.2,0.8,negative,0.0,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['HNB_HR Euronext', 'French banks', 'individual entry', 'ecb', 'scam', 'prices', 'HNB_HR Euronext', 'French banks', 'individual entry', 'ecb', 'scam', 'prices']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,Unknown
17932,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  recently illuminated the government senior secondary schoo… https://t.co/xqGvA4FLYD,nan,Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  recently illuminated the government senior secondary schoo… https://t.co/xqGvA4FLYD,neutral,0.14,0.84,0.02,neutral,0.14,0.84,0.02,True,English,"['government senior secondary schoo', 'world leader', 'Euronext', 'LIGHT', 'government senior secondary schoo', 'world leader', 'Euronext', 'LIGHT']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,Unknown
17933,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Lagarde @EU_Commission @EUCouncil @EIB @CharlesMichel @vonderleyen @eucopresident @Paschald @wernerhoyer Euronext… https://t.co/aB4FWwS666,nan,@Lagarde @EU_Commission @EUCouncil @EIB @CharlesMichel @vonderleyen @eucopresident @Paschald @wernerhoyer Euronext… https://t.co/aB4FWwS666,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['wernerhoyer Euronext', 'Lagarde', 'EU_Commission', 'EUCouncil', 'EIB', 'CharlesMichel', 'vonderleyen', 'eucopresident', 'Paschald', 'wernerhoyer Euronext', 'Lagarde', 'EU_Commission', 'EUCouncil', 'EIB', 'CharlesMichel', 'vonderleyen', 'eucopresident', 'Paschald']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,Unknown
17934,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@guttieSTOCKS YupEuronext 3am - 11:30am / 12.30pmGermany 3am - 11amJapan 8pm - 2amChina 9.30pm - 3/4amhttps://t.co/f5Xkp45RFs,nan,@guttieSTOCKS YupEuronext 3am - 11:30am / 12.30pmGermany 3am - 11amJapan 8pm - 2amChina 9.30pm - 3/4amhttps://t.co/f5Xkp45RFs,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['guttieSTOCKS Yup', 'Euronext', '11:30am', '12.30pm', 'Germany', '11am', 'Japan', '2am', 'China', 'guttieSTOCKS Yup', 'Euronext', '11:30am', '12.30pm', 'Germany', '11am', 'Japan', '2am', 'China']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,Unknown
17935,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,$EURN halted #freeze #euronext,nan,$EURN halted #freeze #euronext,neutral,0.07,0.59,0.34,neutral,0.07,0.59,0.34,True,English,"['euronext', 'euronext']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,Unknown
17936,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Stellantis Announces Changes to Euronext Trading Symbols - https://t.co/WqarKku07N,nan,Stellantis Announces Changes to Euronext Trading Symbols - https://t.co/WqarKku07N,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Trading Symbols', 'Stellantis', 'Changes', 'WqarKku07N', 'Euronext Trading Symbols', 'Stellantis', 'Changes', 'WqarKku07N']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,Unknown
17937,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,FLSP Stock Price | FLOWSPARKS N.V. Stock Quote (Belgium: Euronext Brussels) #WorldNews #Belgium #BreakingNews… https://t.co/O5wSdPcRX5,nan,FLSP Stock Price | FLOWSPARKS N.V. Stock Quote (Belgium: Euronext Brussels) #WorldNews #Belgium #BreakingNews… https://t.co/O5wSdPcRX5,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['FLOWSPARKS N.V. Stock Quote', 'FLSP Stock Price', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Belgium', 'WorldNews', 'BreakingNews', 'FLOWSPARKS N.V. Stock Quote', 'FLSP Stock Price', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Belgium', 'WorldNews', 'BreakingNews']",2023-02-07,2023-02-07,Unknown
