UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
11411,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear/Fnality: tokenised stocks and bonds have clear advantages,nan,🌽🍌🍉🍒🍈🥑🍇🍓🍐🥨🍎🍳🥚🥨🥩🍖🍗🍍🍑🥓🥙🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿Euroclear/Fnality: tokenised stocks and bonds have clear advantages,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['tokenised stocks', 'clear advantages', 'Euroclear/Fnality', 'bonds', 'tokenised stocks', 'clear advantages', 'Euroclear/Fnality', 'bonds']",2022-11-26,2022-11-29,Unknown
11475,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors,nan,Euroclear shuts off exit route for rouble bond investors,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.04,True,English,"['exit route', 'bond investors', 'Euroclear', 'exit route', 'bond investors', 'Euroclear']",2022-11-26,2022-11-29,Unknown
12927,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,CoinShares launches staked Algorand ETP on Deutsche Boerse Xetra #BinanceTTC $TTC #TechTrees,nan,CoinShares launches staked Algorand ETP on Deutsche Boerse Xetra #BinanceTTC $TTC #TechTrees,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'Algorand ETP', 'BinanceTTC $TTC', 'CoinShares', 'TechTrees', 'Deutsche Boerse Xetra', 'Algorand ETP', 'BinanceTTC $TTC', 'CoinShares', 'TechTrees']",2022-11-25,2022-11-29,Unknown
13509,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,wikifolio whispers a.m. Deutsche Post  Uniqa  VIG  Verbio  AT&amp;S  SAP und Alibaba Group Holding https://t.co/aLVevfNm6Y,nan,wikifolio whispers a.m. Deutsche Post  Uniqa  VIG  Verbio  AT&amp;S  SAP und Alibaba Group Holding https://t.co/aLVevfNm6Y,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['AT&amp;S', 'Alibaba Group Holding', 'Deutsche Post', 'whispers', 'Uniqa', 'VIG', 'Verbio', 'SAP', 'AT&amp;S', 'Alibaba Group Holding', 'Deutsche Post', 'whispers', 'Uniqa', 'VIG', 'Verbio', 'SAP']",2022-11-21,2022-11-29,Unknown
13510,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/ApnMDxR6j7,nan,Retweet selected by the https://t.co/kmOCQTFIJb team |  Deutsche Boerse  Swisscom Settle Securities with Corda and… https://t.co/ApnMDxR6j7,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.01,True,English,"['kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'ApnMDxR6j7', 'kmOCQTFIJb team', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Retweet', 'Swisscom', 'Securities', 'Corda', 'ApnMDxR6j7']",2022-11-21,2022-11-29,Unknown
13564,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,$DB 1 (Deutsche Börse) vs. #DAX (Monthly) is #Bullish above the green monthly kumo &amp; in the upper part of the orang… https://t.co/gEpV2f2UWk,nan,$DB 1 (Deutsche Börse) vs. #DAX (Monthly) is #Bullish above the green monthly kumo &amp; in the upper part of the orang… https://t.co/gEpV2f2UWk,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'green monthly kumo', 'upper part', 'orang', 'Deutsche Börse', 'green monthly kumo', 'upper part', 'orang']",2022-11-22,2022-11-29,Unknown
13629,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Interesting article about the experience of Deutsche Börse moving to the cloud.  https://t.co/4XZN8cuLS5 https://t.co/FUlVjIwY0D,nan,Interesting article about the experience of Deutsche Börse moving to the cloud.  https://t.co/4XZN8cuLS5 https://t.co/FUlVjIwY0D,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'Interesting article', 'experience', 'cloud', 'XZN8cuLS5', 'FUlVjIwY0D', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Interesting article', 'experience', 'cloud', 'XZN8cuLS5', 'FUlVjIwY0D']",2022-11-23,2022-11-29,Unknown
13688,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/e3SLWQVJaQ,nan,Read how Deutsche Börse Group is using Microsoft Azure to manage its data and shape the future of the financial ser… https://t.co/e3SLWQVJaQ,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Microsoft Azure', 'financial ser', 'data', 'future']",2022-11-24,2022-11-29,Unknown
13789,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/Xb87Boncry,nan,🍑🍳🥚🍤🍖🍗🍊🍇🍓🍬🍫🍿🍩🍪🍒🍈🥑🍳🥚🍤🍒🍊🍯🍞🥐🥖🥞🍯🍞Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian fore… https://t.co/Xb87Boncry,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'main developments', 'Russian fore', 'Today', 'Euroclear', 'payments']",2022-11-26,2022-11-29,Unknown
13790,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian foreign minister says nuclear war… https://t.co/Po8IJsz5bn,nan,Today’s main developments: Euroclear stops accepting payments in roubles; Russian foreign minister says nuclear war… https://t.co/Po8IJsz5bn,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['Russian foreign minister', 'main developments', 'nuclear war', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'Po8IJsz5bn', 'Russian foreign minister', 'main developments', 'nuclear war', 'Euroclear', 'payments', 'Po8IJsz5bn']",2022-11-26,2022-11-29,Unknown
13803,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.livemint.com/market/stock-market-news/sensex-may-hit-80-000-by-dec-2023-but-there-s-a-catch-11669643934903.html,Sensex may hit 80 000 by Dec 2023  says Morgan Stanley. But there's a catch | Mint - Mint,<ol><li>Sensex may hit 80 000 by Dec 2023  says Morgan Stanley. But there's a catch | Mint  Mint</li><li>Morgan Stanley sees Sensex at 80 000 by December 2023  but there's a catch  Moneycontrol</li><li>Morgan Stanley Expects S&P BSE Sensex To Rise 10% In …,"BSE Sensex is expected to hit 80 000 by December 2023 if India is included in the global bond indexes and prices of commodities including oil and fertilisers correct sharply and earnings growth compounding at the rate of 25% annually over FY2022-25  according to analysts of foreign brokerage firm Morgan Stanley.India might have to wait until early next year to see its bonds enter the JPMorgan emerging market global index. According to reports  the inclusion has been delayed on account of prickly operational issues.The inclusion of India in the global bond indexes could result in nearly $20 billion of inflows over the subsequent 12 months  the Wall Street brokerage said in a note  while making a bull case for a 30% chance of the blue-chip index hitting the number.Local bond settlement rules  tax complexities and the way in which investors will repatriate dollars are among the operational issues that still need to be resolved  a Reuters report had stated earlier. Index investors tend to favour international settlement platforms such as Euroclear but India has said it wants to settle bonds onshore  like China.The government and the Reserve Bank of India will likely sort out some of these issues by the end of this year. If resolved  an announcement on India's inclusion could come early next year.‘50% chance of Sensex hitting 68 500 by 2023-end’The brokerage firm also sees a 50% chance of the Sensex hitting 68 500 by the end of 2023  assuming that the effects of the Russia-Ukraine war do not spill over into next year  domestic growth continues its strong path and the US does not slip into a protracted recession.""Government policy should remain supportive  and the RBI should execute a calibrated exit "" the brokerage said in a note.""India is likely to have better growth than most parts of (emerging markets)  a sustained domestic bid  a relatively strong macro environment plus light positioning by foreign portfolio investors "" as per Morgan Stanley analysts.Meanwhile  Morgan Stanley's Ridham Desai expects profit share in GDP to double from its current level of 4% to 8% over the next four years  indicating that broad market earnings could compound annually at 20-25%.In a bear case scenario  the brokerage sees Sensex dropping to 52 000 if commodity prices remain elevated  central bank tightens aggressively and recession in the US and Europe drag down India’s growth. There's a 20% probability of this  as per Morgan Stanley.Markets hit fresh all-time highsIndian stocks rose for the fifth session in a row today  with both the benchmark indexes scaling record highs  led by gains in oil marketing companies as crude prices slid following protests in major Chinese cities over Covid-19 controls.Amid global weakness  the indexes opened lower. But they reversed course to hit all-time intraday highs as oil prices continued their slide on demand worries from top importer China.The 30-share BSE Sensex surged 211.16 points or 0.34% to settle at 62 504.80  its fresh record closing high. During the day  it rose 407.76 points or 0.65% to its lifetime intra-day peak of 62 701.40.RIL jumped the most by 3.48%  followed by Nestle  Asian Paints  Bajaj Finserv  Wipro  ICICI Bank and IndusInd Bank among the Sensex pack.Tata Steel  HDFC Bank  Bharti Airtel  HDFC and Mahindra & Mahindra were among the laggards.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.16,0.14,0.7,True,English,"['Morgan Stanley', 'Sensex', 'Dec', 'catch', 'Mint', 'JPMorgan emerging market global index', 'Local bond settlement rules', 'international settlement platforms', 'broad market earnings', 'major Chinese cities', 'lifetime intra-day peak', 'global bond indexes', 'next four years', 'sustained domestic bid', 'strong macro environment', 'bear case scenario', 'Wall Street brokerage', 'foreign portfolio investors', 'oil marketing companies', 'top importer China', 'time intraday highs', 'early next year', 'foreign brokerage firm', '30-share BSE Sensex', 'Morgan Stanley analysts', 'global weakness', 'blue-chip index', 'Index investors', 'emerging markets', 'time highs', 'bull case', 'strong path', 'record highs', 'benchmark indexes', 'earnings growth', 'subsequent 12 months', 'tax complexities', 'Reuters report', 'Reserve Bank', 'Russia-Ukraine war', 'domestic growth', 'calibrated exit', 'most parts', 'light positioning', 'Ridham Desai', 'profit share', 'current level', 'central bank', 'Indian stocks', 'fifth session', 'Covid-19 controls', 'demand worries', 'Asian Paints', 'Bajaj Finserv', 'ICICI Bank', 'IndusInd Bank', 'Tata Steel', 'Bharti Airtel', 'commodity prices', 'crude prices', 'oil prices', 'operational issues', 'Sensex pack', 'protracted recession', 'Government policy', 'HDFC Bank', 'December', 'commodities', 'fertilisers', 'FY2022', 'bonds', 'reports', 'inclusion', 'account', 'inflows', 'note', '30% chance', 'number', 'way', 'dollars', 'Euroclear', 'end', 'announcement', '50% chance', 'effects', 'RBI', 'GDP', 'Europe', '20% probability', 'fresh', 'gains', 'protests', 'course', 'slide', 'RIL', 'Nestle', 'Wipro', 'Mahindra', 'laggards', '7.76']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,livemint.com
13804,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/republic-colombia-announces-bonds-offering-145100092.html,Republic of Colombia Announces New Bonds Offering and Tender Offer,New Bonds Offering,"BOGOTÁ  Colombia  Nov. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ --New Bonds OfferingThe Republic of Colombia ("" Colombia "") announced today the commencement of a global offering (the "" New Bonds Offering "") of new global bonds to be denominated in U.S. dollars due 2033 (the "" New Bonds ""). The New Bonds offered may include New Bonds that may be issued and sold to certain tendering holders in the Tender Offer (as described below). HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  Santander Investment Securities Inc. and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. will serve as Joint Book-Running Managers for the New Bonds Offering.The New Bonds Offering is being made only by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and an accompanying base prospectus. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the related prospectus for the New Bonds Offering may be obtained by contacting any of the following: HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  by calling +1 888 HSBC-4LM (U.S. toll free); Santander Investment Securities Inc.  by calling +1 855-404-3636 (U.S. toll free); or Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.  by calling +1 800 372-3930 (U.S. toll free).Application will be made to have the New Bonds listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.Tender OfferColombia also announced today that it has commenced an offer to purchase for cash (the "" Tender Offer "") its outstanding 2.625% Global Bonds due 2023 (the "" 2023 Bonds "")  4.000% Global Bonds due 2024 (the "" 4.000% 2024 Bonds "")  and 8.125% Global Bonds due 2024 (the "" 8.125% 2024 Bonds "")  as each such series is described further in the table below (the 2023 Bonds  4.000% 2024 Bonds and 8.125% 2024 Bonds  collectively  the "" Old Bonds "") in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in an aggregate Purchase Price that exceeds an amount determined by Colombia in its sole discretion (the "" Maximum Purchase Amount ""). The Tender Offer is made on the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the Offer to Purchase  dated Monday  November 28  2022 (the "" Offer to Purchase "")  including the pricing of the issue of the New Bonds in an amount and on terms and subject to conditions acceptable to Colombia  which is expected to occur today. All capitalized terms used but not defined under the heading ""Tender Offer"" in this communication have the respective meanings specified in the Offer to Purchase.Story continuesThe tender period (the "" Tender Period "") will commence at or around 8:30 a.m.  New York time  on Monday  November 28  2022  and  unless extended or earlier terminated by Colombia in its sole discretion  the Tender Period will expire for Simple Tenders at 12:30 p.m.  New York City time  and  for Reinvestment Tenders  at 2:30 p.m.  New York City time  on Monday  November 28  2022.Colombia expects to announce the Maximum Purchase Amount  the aggregate principal amount of Reinvestment Tenders and of Simple Tenders of the Old Bonds that have been accepted and whether any proration has occurred for any series of Old Bonds on Monday  November 28  2022  or as soon as possible thereafter. The settlement of the Tender Offer is scheduled to occur on Monday  December 5  2022 (the "" Tender Offer Settlement Date "") but is subject to change without notice.The Purchase Price to be paid for the Old Bonds that are tendered and accepted pursuant to the Tender Offer will be the fixed price identified for each series of Old Bonds set forth in the table below. Holders of the Old Bonds participating in the Tender Offer will also receive any accrued and unpaid interest on their Old Bonds up to (but excluding) the Tender Offer Settlement Date ("" Accrued Interest "").Old Bonds Old Bonds Outstanding PrincipalAmount as of November28  2022 ISIN CUSIP Common Code Fixed Price (perU.S. $1 000PrincipalAmount) 2.625% Global Bondsdue 2023 U.S. $1 000 000 000 USP3772NHK11 P3772NHK1 088098170 U.S. $994.50 4.000% Global Bondsdue 2024 U.S. $1 566 262 000 US195325BQ70 195325BQ7 097464391 U.S. $976.00 8.125% Global Bondsdue 2024 U.S. $1 000 000 000 US195325BD67 195325BD6 018437384 U.S. $1 028.50During the Tender Period  a holder of Old Bonds may place orders to tender Old Bonds ("" Tender Orders "") only through any of the Dealer Managers. If a holder does not have an account with a Dealer Manager and desires to tender its Old Bonds  it may do so through a broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company  other financial institution or other custodian  in each case that has an account with a Dealer Manager. Holders will NOT be able to submit tenders through Euroclear Bank SA/NV  Clearstream Banking  S.A. or the Depository Trust Company ("" DTC "") system. HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  as the billing and delivering bank for the Tender Offer (in such capacity  the "" Billing and Delivering Bank "")  will consolidate all Tender Orders and accept Old Bonds for purchase pursuant to the terms and conditions in the Offer to Purchase on behalf of Colombia  subject to proration at Colombia's sole discretion and other terms and conditions as described in the Offer to Purchase  on Monday  November 28  2022 or as soon as possible thereafter. Failure to deliver Old Bonds on time may result  in Colombia's sole discretion  in any of the following: (i) the cancellation of a holder's tender and the holder becoming liable for any damages resulting from that failure  and/or (ii) the delivery of a buy-in notice for the purchase of such Old Bonds  executed in accordance with customary brokerage practices for corporate fixed income securities  and/or (iii) in the case of Reinvestment Tenders  the cancellation of a holder's tender and the holder remaining obligated to purchase its allocation of New Bonds in respect of its related Indication of Interest.Tender Orders for any series of Old Bonds may be subject to proration at Colombia's sole discretion. To the extent proration occurs for any series of Old Bonds  the Billing and Delivering Bank will accept Old Bonds with appropriate adjustments to avoid the purchase of Old Bonds in principal amounts other than Permitted Tender Amounts. Tender Orders for the 2023 Bonds will be accepted before Tender Orders for any other series of Old Bonds.Each holder submitting Tender Orders shall be deemed to represent to Colombia  the Dealer Managers and the Billing and Delivering Bank that such holder held  from the time of its submission of its Tender Order through the Expiration Time  at least the amount of Old Bonds that are being tendered.All Old Bonds that are tendered pursuant to Tender Orders and are accepted by Colombia will be purchased on behalf of Colombia by the Billing and Delivering Bank directly or  if the tendering holder does not have an account with the Billing and Delivering Bank  through the Dealer Manager with which such holder placed a Tender Order  or through the broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company  other financial institution  or other custodian that has an account with a Dealer Manager  with which such holder placed a Tender Order. There is no letter of transmittal for the Tender Offer. Old Bonds held through DTC must be delivered for settlement no later than 3:00 p.m.  New York City time  on the Tender Offer Settlement Date. If a holder holds Old Bonds through Euroclear or Clearstream  the latest process it can use to deliver its Old Bonds is the overnight process  one day prior to the Settlement Date; holders may not use the optional daylight process. Holders will not have withdrawal rights with respect to any tenders of Old Bonds in the Tender Offer. Old Bonds accepted for purchase will be settled on a delivery versus payment basis in accordance with customary brokerage practices for corporate fixed income securities.Colombia may  but is not required to  issue and sell New Bonds to holders who validly tender their Old Bonds pursuant to the Tender Offer and place firm orders for New Bonds during the Tender Period (as well as investors that are not participating in the Tender Offer). If Colombia determines to issue and sell New Bonds to such holders  the scheduled settlement date for the New Bonds is expected to occur on Wednesday  December 7  2022.The Tender Offer is subject to Colombia's right  at its sole discretion and subject to applicable law  to extend  terminate  withdraw  or amend the Tender Offer at any time. Colombia reserves the right  in its sole discretion  not to accept tenders for any reason.The Offer to Purchase may be downloaded from the Information Agent's website at www.dfking.com/colombia or obtained from the Information Agent  D.F. King & Co.  Inc.  at 1-877-896-3199 or from any of the Dealer Managers.The Dealer Managers for the Tender Offer are:HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 452 Fifth Avenue New York  New York 10018 Attention: Global Liability Management Group Facsimile: + 1 (212) 525 5552 Toll-Free: (888) HSBC-4LM Email: LMAmericas@us.hsbc.com Santander Investment Securities Inc. 437 Madison Avenue  7th Floor New York  New York 10022 Attention: Liability Management Collect: +1 212 940-1442 Toll Free: +1 855-404-3636 Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. 250 Vesey Street New York  New York 10281 Attention: Liability Management Group Collect: +1 212 225-5501 Toll Free: +1 800 372-3930 Email: LM@scotiabank.comThe Billing and Delivering Bank for this Tender Offer is: HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.Questions regarding the Tender Offer may be directed to the Dealer Managers at the above contact.Colombia has filed a registration statement (including the prospectus) and the preliminary prospectus supplement with the SEC for the New Bonds Offering. Before you invest  you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents Colombia has filed with the SEC for more complete information about Colombia and such New Bonds Offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov/. Alternatively  the Joint Book-Running Managers  the Dealer Managers or the Information Agent  as the case may be  will arrange to send you the prospectus supplement and the prospectus if you request it by calling any one of them at the numbers specified above.Important NoticeThe distribution of materials relating to the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer and the transactions contemplated by the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Each of the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer is void in all jurisdictions where it is prohibited. If materials relating to the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer come into a holder's possession  the holder is required by Colombia to inform itself of and to observe all of these restrictions. The materials relating to the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer  including this communication  do not constitute  and may not be used in connection with  an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer be made by a licensed broker or dealer and a Dealer Manager or any affiliate of a Dealer Manager is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction  the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer  as the case may be  shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Manager or such affiliate on behalf of Colombia in that jurisdiction. Owners who may lawfully participate in the Tender Offer in accordance with the terms thereof are referred to as ""holders.""This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities nor will there be any sale of the New Bonds or the Tender Offer in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. The offering of the New Bonds and the Tender Offer will be made only by means of the preliminary prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus and in Canada  under applicable exemptions from any prospectus or registration requirements.The New Bonds may be sold and the Tender Offer is made in Canada only to purchasers purchasing  or deemed to be purchasing  as principal that are accredited investors  as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)  and are permitted clients  as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements  Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations  and who are not individuals. Any resale of the New Bonds must be made in accordance with an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the prospectus requirements of applicable Canadian securities laws.The New Bonds and the Old Bonds will not be registered under Chilean Law No. 18 045  as amended  with the Comisión para el Mercado Financiero de Chile (Financial Market Commission of Chile or ""CMF"") and  accordingly  the New Bonds and the Old Bonds cannot and will not be offered or sold to persons in Chile except in circumstances which have not resulted and will not result in a public offering under Chilean law  and in compliance with Norma de Carácter General (Rule) No. 336  dated June 27  2012  issued by the CMF.The New Bonds may not be offered  sold or negotiated in Colombia  except in compliance with Part 4 of Decree 2555 of 2010. The Offer to Purchase and the New Bonds Offering do not constitute and may not be used for  or in connection with  a public offering as defined under Colombian law.The New Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (""EEA""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:(a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  ""MiFID II""); or(b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended  the ""Insurance Distribution Directive"")  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the ""PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.The Old Bonds and New Bonds may not be offered or sold and will not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document other than (a) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32  Laws of Hong Kong) (the ""CWUMPO"")  or (b) to ""professional investors"" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571  Laws of Hong Kong) (the ""SFO"") and any rules made thereunder  or (c) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a ""prospectus"" as defined in the CWUMPO.No advertisement  invitation or document relating to the Old Bonds or New Bonds has been or will be issued  or has been or will be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere)  which is directed at  or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by  the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Old Bonds or New Bonds which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to ""professional investors"" as defined in the SFO and any rules made thereunder.The Old Bonds and the New Bonds  and the Offer to Purchase and the New Bonds Offering prospectus supplement  and any other documents or materials related to such offers have not and will not be registered with the Italian Securities Exchange Commission (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa or ""CONSOB"") pursuant to applicable Italian laws and regulations. The Offer to Purchase and the New Bond Offering are being carried out pursuant to the exemptions provided for  with respect to the Offer to Purchase  in Article 101 bis  paragraph 3 bis of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998  as amended (the ""Consolidated Financial Act"") and Article 35 bis  paragraph 4  of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999  as amended; and  with respect to the New Bonds Offering  in article 1  paragraph 4  letter c)  of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.Holders or beneficial owners of the Old Bonds that are resident and/or located in Italy can tender the Old Bonds for purchase  and the New Bonds Offerings can be offered  sold and delivered  through authorized persons (such as investment firms  banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  the Consolidated Financial Act  the CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018  as amended  and Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1  1993  as amended) and in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or with any requirements imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority. Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis à vis its clients in connection with the bonds or the relevant offering.The New Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948  as amended  the ""Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"") and each manager has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold  and will not offer or sell any New Bonds  directly or indirectly  in Japan or to  or for the benefit of  any resident of Japan (as defined under Article 6  Paragraph 1  Item 5 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act of Japan (Act No. 228 of 1949  as amended))  or to others for re-offering or resale  directly or indirectly  in Japan or to  or for the benefit of  a resident of Japan  except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of  and otherwise in compliance with  the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws  regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.Neither the Offer to Purchase  nor any other documents or materials relating to the Offer to Purchase have been approved by or will be submitted for the approval of  the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores; the ""CNBV"") and  the New Bonds have not been and will not be registered with the Mexican National Securities Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) maintained by the CNBV  and therefore the Old Bonds and New Bonds have not and may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. However  investors that qualify as institutional or qualified investors pursuant to the private placement exemption set forth in article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores)  may be contacted in connection with  and may participate in the Offer to Purchase  and can be offered with or purchase New Bonds. The participation in the Offer to Purchase or the acquisition of New Bonds will be made under such investor's own responsibility.The Tender Offer is not intended for any person who is not qualified as an institutional investor  in accordance with provisions set forth in Resolution SMV No. 021-2013-SMV-01 issued by Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores (Superintendency of Capital Markets) of Peru  and as subsequently amended. No legal  financial  tax or any other kind of advice is hereby being provided.The New Bond Offering prospectus supplement  and the Offer to Purchase have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. The Offer to Purchase does not constitute an offering of securities in Singapore pursuant to the Securities and Futures Act  Chapter 289 of Singapore (the ""SFA""). The New Bonds will not be offered or sold or cause that such New Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such New Bonds or cause such New Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase  and has not circulated or distributed  nor will it circulate or distribute  this prospectus supplement or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale  or invitation for subscription or purchase  of such New Bonds  whether directly or indirectly  to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) under Section 274 of the SFA  (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1)  or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A)  and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275  of the SFA  and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore or (iii) otherwise pursuant to  and in accordance with the conditions of  any other applicable provision of the SFA.Where the New Bonds are subscribed or purchased in reliance on an exemption under Sections 274 or 275 of the SFA  the New Bonds shall not be sold within the period of six months from the date of the initial acquisition of the bonds  except to any of the following persons:an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA);a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA); orany person pursuant to an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) of the SFA  unless expressly specified otherwise in Section 276(7) of the SFA or Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.Where the New Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals  each of whom is an accredited investor; ora trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor  securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the New Bonds pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:The prospectus supplement is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the New Bonds described therein in Switzerland  except as permitted by law. The New Bonds may not be publicly offered  directly or indirectly  in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act („FinSA"") and will not be admitted to any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland.Neither the prospectus supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the New Bonds constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA  and neither the prospectus supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the New Bonds may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.Neither the communication of the Offer to Purchase nor any other offer material relating to the Offer to Purchase has been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the ""FSMA""). The Offer to Purchase and the New Bond Offering prospectus supplement are only being distributed to and are only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom; (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the FSMA (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Order""); or (iii) high net worth entities and other persons to whom it may be lawfully communicated falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such other persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). Any investment or investment activity to which the Offer to Purchase relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on the Offer to Purchase or any of its contents. The New Bonds will only be available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire the bonds will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this prospectus supplement or any of its contents.The New Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (""UK""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (""EUWA""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the ""UK PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.Contact information:D.F. King & Co.  Inc.48 Wall Street  22nd FloorNew York  New York 10005Toll Free: 1-877-896-3199Email: colombia@dfking.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/republic-of-colombia-announces-new-bonds-offering-and-tender-offer-301687912.htmlSOURCE Republic of Colombia",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.93,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['New Bonds Offering', 'Tender Offer', 'Republic', 'Colombia', 'ISIN CUSIP Common Code Fixed Price', 'New York City time', 'Santander Investment Securities Inc.', 'Tender Offer Settlement Date', 'The New Bonds Offering', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'Euro MTF Market', 'preliminary prospectus supplement', 'accompanying base prospectus', 'Joint Book-Running Managers', 'aggregate Purchase Price', 'other financial institution', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Depository Trust Company', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. toll', 'aggregate principal amount', 'The Tender Offer', 'new global bonds', 'Maximum Purchase Amount', 'outstanding 2.625% Global Bonds', 'global offering', 'The Republic', 'related prospectus', 'Outstanding Principal', 'HSBC Securities', '4.000% Global Bonds', '8.125% Global Bonds', 'other custodian', 'tender period', 'Dealer Managers', 'Old Bonds', 'Scotia Capital', 'sole discretion', 'respective meanings', 'unpaid interest', 'Accrued Interest', 'commercial bank', 'Clearstream Banking', 'Tender Orders', 'S.A.', 'Simple Tenders', 'Reinvestment Tenders', 'other terms', 'Delivering Bank', 'capitalized terms', 'tendering holders', '2023 Bonds', '4.000% 2024 Bonds', '8.125% 2024 Bonds', '8:30 a', 'BOGOTÁ', 'Colombia', 'Nov.', 'PRNewswire', 'commencement', 'USA', 'means', 'Copies', 'Application', 'cash', 'series', 'table', 'conditions', 'Monday', 'pricing', 'issue', 'heading', 'communication', 'Story', 'November', 'proration', 'December', 'notice', 'account', 'desires', 'broker', 'case', 'DTC', 'system', 'billing', 'capacity', 'behalf', '12:30']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13805,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221127005103/en/PMHH-Becomes-the-Owner-of-93.11-Percent-of-the-Shares-in-Swedish-Match-and-Intends-to-Initiate-Compulsory-Redemption-and-Request-Delisting,PMHH Becomes the Owner of 93.11 Percent of the Shares in Swedish Match  and Intends to Initiate Compulsory Redemption and Request Delisting,BERGEN OP ZOOM  Netherlands--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: This announcement is not an offer  whether directly or indirectly  in Australia  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  or South Africa or in any other jurisdiction where such offer pursuant to legislatio…,"BERGEN OP ZOOM  Netherlands--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:This announcement is not an offer  whether directly or indirectly  in Australia  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  or South Africa or in any other jurisdiction where such offer pursuant to legislation and regulations in such relevant jurisdiction would be prohibited by applicable law. Shareholders not resident in Sweden who wish to accept the Offer (as defined below) must make inquiries concerning applicable legislation and possible tax consequences. Shareholders should refer to the offer restrictions included in the section titled “Important information” at the end of this announcement and in the offer document  which has been published on the Offer website (www.smokefree-offer.com). Shareholders in the United States should also refer to the section entitled “Special notice to shareholders in the United States” at the end of this announcement.On May 11  2022  Philip Morris Holland Holdings B.V.1 (“PMHH”)  an affiliate of Philip Morris International Inc. (“PMI”)  announced a recommended public offer to the shareholders of Swedish Match AB (“Swedish Match”) to tender all shares in Swedish Match2 to PMHH (the “Offer”). On November 7  2022  PMHH declared the Offer unconditional and announced that it would complete the Offer and acquire all shares in Swedish Match that have been tendered in the Offer. In addition  PMHH extended the acceptance period until November 25  2022 and informed the Swedish Match shareholders that the price in the Offer for shares tendered during the further extended acceptance period would be reduced to SEK 115.07 in cash per share due to the resolved dividend payment by Swedish Match of SEK 0.93 per share for shareholders of record as of November 14  2022. Today  PMHH announces that it becomes the owner of 93.11 percent2 of the shares in Swedish Match.The Offer is now closed. The shares tendered in the Offer at the end of the acceptance period (which expired on November 4  2022) amounted to in aggregate 1 255 989 816 shares in Swedish Match2  corresponding to approximately 82.59 percent2 of the share capital and the voting rights in Swedish Match. On November 10  2022  PMHH announced that PMHH had acquired 49 899 948 shares in Swedish Match outside the Offer  corresponding to approximately 3.28 percent2 of the share capital and the voting rights in Swedish Match  since the announcement of the outcome of the Offer on November 7  2022.The shares tendered in the Offer during the further extended acceptance period (which expired on November 25  2022) amount to in aggregate 80 933 854 shares in Swedish Match  corresponding to approximately 5.32 percent2 of the share capital and the voting rights in Swedish Match. In addition  PMHH has acquired an additional 29 164 342 shares in Swedish Match outside the Offer  corresponding to approximately 1.92 percent2 of the share capital and the voting rights in Swedish Match  since the announcement of the press release on November 10  2022. No acquisitions have been made at a price exceeding the price in the Offer.Accordingly  the total number of shares in Swedish Match held by PMHH  including the shares tendered in the Offer at the end of the further extended acceptance period on November 25  2022  amounts to 1 415 987 960 shares  corresponding to approximately 93.11 percent2 of the share capital and the voting rights in Swedish Match.“We are delighted to have obtained over 90% ownership of Swedish Match  allowing us to initiate a minority redemption process to acquire the remaining shares outstanding and request the delisting of the company from the stock market ” said Jacek Olczak  Chief Executive Officer of PMI. “This transaction marks a major milestone in accelerating our shared objective of a smoke-free future. We look forward to welcoming Swedish Match’s employees and leading oral nicotine portfolio into the PMI family to create a global smoke-free champion  notably bringing IQOS and ZYN together in both the U.S. and international markets. We are very excited about the growth  value creation and progress in Tobacco Harm Reduction that we believe can be achieved together over the coming years. Despite the increased cost of financing over recent months  we expect the combination to be low single-digit accretive to PMI’s adjusted diluted EPS in 2023  before potential revenue synergies and excluding transaction-related and one-off costs and the amortization of acquired intangibles.”Background and Transaction rationaleIn 2016  PMI announced its new mission to replace cigarettes with science-based  less harmful alternatives as soon as possible—to the benefit of people who smoke  public health  PMI  and society. The proof of PMI's commitment to this mission and strong progress to date is undeniable: In 2015  essentially all of PMI's net revenues came from cigarettes. In 2021  nearly 30 percent came from smoke-free products. By 2025  PMI aims to be a predominantly smoke-free company  with more than half of its net revenues coming from such products.While cigarettes represent PMI's past and are part of its present  they do not represent its future. Since 2008  PMI has invested more than USD 9 billion in researching  developing  and commercializing its smoke-free products. PMI has built world-class scientific assessment capabilities  notably in the areas of preclinical systems toxicology  clinical and behavioral research  as well as post-market studies. And it has met the strictest regulatory requirements for its sector  including in the U.S.  where the Food and Drug Administration has authorized versions of PMI's leading heated tobacco product  IQOS  as “modified risk tobacco products” (MRTPs)  finding that exposure modification orders for these products are appropriate to promote the public health.PMI and Swedish Match share a mutual vision of a world without cigarettes and a strong commitment to developing  scientifically substantiating  and responsibly commercializing smoke-free products that are less harmful than cigarettes. PMI values how Swedish Match has relentlessly pursued tobacco harm reduction through its range of smoke-free products; received authorizations for its products via strict regulatory pathways in the U.S.; and reshaped the public health environment in countries such as Sweden and Norway.As PMI continues to evolve its business for the long term  it believes that the two companies will be a perfect pairing of strategic vision  culture  and enterprise. Together  the companies will be able to create a global  science-led smoke-free champion  combining expertise in heated tobacco and oral nicotine—including multiple MRTP authorizations—as well as PMI's emerging presence in e-vapor products  to switch more adult smokers to better alternatives than the two could achieve as separate companies. Swedish Match will lead the combined company’s oral nicotine business.The combination with Swedish Match positions PMI to:create a comprehensive smoke-free product portfolio globally  underpinned by a leading R&D engine for science  innovation  and growth through the companies' complementary capabilities;directly enter and compete in the large  attractive and growing U.S. smoke-free market by: (i) further supporting and developing Swedish Match's oral nicotine portfolio in the U.S. and (ii) leveraging Swedish Match's substantial operational platform in the U.S. to unlock commercial opportunities across other smoke-free categories in the coming years  including with IQOS as of April 30  2024; andas of April 30  2024; and drive accelerated global expansion opportunities for Swedish Match's oral nicotine products through PMI's international commercial infrastructure and financial resources.We expect that the combination will immediately enhance PMI's already strong growth profile and support additional opportunities in the U.S. and internationally over time. Despite the increased cost of financing over recent months  we expect the combination to be low single-digit accretive to PMI’s adjusted diluted EPS in 2023  before potential revenue synergies and excluding transaction-related and one-off costs and the amortization of acquired intangibles. Importantly  Swedish Match's operating cash flow comprises meaningful U.S. dollar net income  thereby improving PMI's currency profile.The transaction will result in a combined company with a strong balance sheet and leverage of approximately 3x net debt to adjusted EBITDA  with deleveraging anticipated over the next few years. PMI remains committed to its strong single-A credit ratings  as a growing and highly cash-generative business. To support deleveraging  PMI has suspended its current three-year share repurchase program  which began in July 2021. PMI also remains committed to its progressive dividend policy  while gradually reducing its adjusted diluted EPS payout ratio to around 75% over time.PMI recognizes that the employees and management team of Swedish Match have built a highly successful business with an excellent track record  and PMI has the utmost respect for them. PMI's current plans for the future business and general strategy  as described above  do not include any material changes with regard to Swedish Match's operational sites  or its management and employees  including their terms of employment. Swedish Match has a complementary organization with a talented  dedicated workforce  excellent culture and a strong base of skills in Sweden  the U.S. and across the world. PMI intends to nurture this talent and provide additional opportunities as the companies grow together. Importantly  PMI intends to provide compensation and benefits consistent with Swedish Match's current programs  including the Profit Sharing Foundation in Sweden. In addition  PMI intends to preserve and develop Swedish Match's operational presence in Sweden  where much of the company’s skills base is located  as well as in Richmond  Virginia  the site of the head office for Swedish Match's U.S. Division. PMI has no plans to divest the Lights business.Certain terms of the OfferPMHH has decided not to further extend the acceptance period. Settlement for shares tendered in the Offer during the extended acceptance period (which expired on November 25  2022)  is expected to be initiated around December 2  2022. PMHH reserves the right to postpone the settlement date  provided however  that settlement shall in any event be made within 7 business days following the expiration of the acceptance period. PMHH will announce any postponement of the settlement date by a press release in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.PMHH intends to initiate compulsory redemption under the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) to acquire all remaining shares in Swedish Match. PMHH also intends to request delisting of Swedish Match’s shares from Nasdaq Stockholm.Prior to the announcement of the Offer  neither PMHH nor any closely related companies or closely related parties owned or otherwise controlled any shares in Swedish Match or other financial instruments that give financial exposure to Swedish Match’s shares. Apart from the 79 064 290 shares in Swedish Match that PMHH has acquired outside the Offer  as described above  neither PMHH or any closely related companies or closely related parties have acquired any shares in Swedish Match or other financial instruments that give financial exposure to Swedish Match’s shares outside the Offer. To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  PMHH and its affiliates may acquire  or take measures to acquire  additional shares in Swedish Match in other ways than through the Offer. Information about such acquisitions of shares  or measures to acquire shares  will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.Due to the resolved dividend payment by Swedish Match of SEK 0.93 per share with record date for the payment on November 14  2022  and date for payment through Euroclear Sweden on November 17  2022  the price in the Offer for shares tendered during the further extended acceptance period has  in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offer4  been reduced accordingly to SEK 115.07 in cash per share. For further information regarding Swedish Match’s resolution on dividends at the annual general meeting 2022  please refer to Swedish Match’s website  www.swedishmatch.com. Since the Offer has been declared unconditional  shareholders who have accepted the Offer have no right to withdraw acceptances.For administrative questions regarding the Offer  please contact your bank or the nominee registered as holder of your shares.The information was submitted for publication on November 28  2022 at 12 p.m. (CET).Information about the Offerwww.smokefree-offer.comImportant informationThis press release has been published in Swedish and English. In the event of any discrepancy in content between the two language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.This announcement is not an offer  whether directly or indirectly  in Australia  Hong Kong  Japan  New Zealand  or South Africa or in any other jurisdiction where such offer pursuant to legislation and regulations in such relevant jurisdiction would be prohibited by applicable law (each a “Restricted Jurisdiction”). This offer constitutes an ""exempt take-over bid"" for purpose of applicable Canadian securities laws and shareholders resident in Canada are entitled to participate in the Offer on the same terms as shareholders in other applicable jurisdictions.The release  publication  or distribution of this press release in or into jurisdictions other than Sweden may be restricted by law  and therefore any persons who are subject to the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction other than Sweden should inform themselves about and observe any applicable requirements. In particular  the ability of persons who are not resident in Sweden to accept the Offer may be affected by the laws and regulations of the relevant jurisdictions in which they are located. Any failure to comply with the applicable restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws and regulations of any such jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations  the companies and persons involved in the Offer disclaim any responsibility or liability for the violation of such restrictions by any person.This announcement has been prepared for the purpose of complying with Swedish law  the Takeover Rules  and the Swedish Securities Council’s rulings regarding interpretation and application of the Takeover Rules  and the information disclosed may not be the same as that which would have been disclosed if this press release had been prepared in accordance with the laws and regulations of jurisdictions other than Sweden.Unless otherwise determined by PMHH or required by Swedish law  the Takeover Rules and the Swedish Securities Council’s rulings regarding interpretation and application of the Takeover Rules  and permitted by applicable law and regulation  the Offer will not be made available  directly or indirectly  in  into  or from a Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would violate the laws and regulations in that jurisdiction  and no person may accept the Offer by any use  means  or instrumentality (including  but not limited to  facsimile  email  or other electronic transmission  telex  or telephone) of interstate or foreign commerce of  or of any facility of a national  state  or other securities exchange of any Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws and regulations of that jurisdiction  and the Offer may not be capable of acceptance by any such use  means  instrumentality  or facilities. Accordingly  copies of this press release and any formal documentation relating to the Offer are not being  and must not be  directly or indirectly  mailed or otherwise forwarded  distributed  or sent in or into or from any Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws and regulations of that jurisdiction  and persons receiving such documents (including custodians  nominees  and trustees) must not mail or otherwise forward  distribute  or send them in or into or from any Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws and regulations of that jurisdiction.The availability of the Offer to shareholders of Swedish Match who are not resident in and citizens of Sweden may be affected by the laws and regulations of the relevant jurisdictions in which they are respectively located or of which they are citizens. Persons who are not resident in or citizens of Sweden should inform themselves of  and abide by  any applicable legal or regulatory requirements of their jurisdictions.The Offer and the information and documents contained in this press release are not being made and have not been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”). Accordingly  the information and documents contained in this press release are not being distributed to  and must not be passed on to  the general public in the United Kingdom  unless an exemption applies. The communication of the information and documents contained in this press release is exempt from the restriction on financial promotions under section 21 of the FSMA on the basis that it is a communication by or on behalf of a body corporate that relates to a transaction to acquire day-to-day control of the affairs of a body corporate or to acquire 50 percent or more of the voting shares in a body corporate  within article 62 of the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005.This press release contains statements relating to future status or circumstances  including statements regarding remaining transactional steps and requirements and the ultimate success of the acquisition  that are forward-looking statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may generally  but not always  be identified by the use of words such as “anticipates ” “intends ” “expects ” “believes ” or similar expressions  and include  without limitation  the statements made by Mr. Jacek Olczak. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future. There can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements due to many factors  many of which are outside the control of PMI and PMHH. Any such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made  and PMI and PMHH have no obligation (and undertake no such obligation) to update or revise any of them  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise  except for in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.Merrill Lynch International (“BofA Securities”) and Citigroup Global Markets Limited (“Citi”)  which are authorized by the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and regulated in the U.K. by the Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and the PRA  are acting as financial advisers for PMHH and for no one else in connection with the Offer and will not be responsible to anyone other than PMHH for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients or for providing advice in connection with the Offer or any other matters referred to in this announcement. Neither BofA Securities  Citi  nor any of their respective affiliates  directors  or employees owes or accepts any duty  liability  or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect  consequential  whether in contract  in tort  in delict  under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of BofA Securities or Citi  respectively  in connection with this announcement  any statement contained herein  the Offer  or otherwise.Special notice to shareholders in the United StatesThe Offer described in this press release is made for the issued and outstanding shares of Swedish Match  a company incorporated under Swedish law  and is subject to Swedish disclosure and procedural requirements  which may be different from those of the United States. In the United States  the Offer will also be made in accordance with certain provisions of the United States federal securities laws  to the extent applicable  including Section 14(e) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended  and Regulation 14E thereunder (“Regulation 14E”); provided that PMHH has requested  and the Division of Corporation Finance of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) has granted  relief exempting the Offer from certain requirements of Regulation 14E in order to align aspects of the Offer in which Swedish laws and market practice conflict with U.S. federal securities laws. Accordingly  the disclosure and procedures regarding the Offer  including with respect to withdrawal rights  the Offer timetable  notices of extensions  announcements of results  settlement procedures (including as regards to the time when payment of the consideration is rendered)  and waivers of conditions  may be different from requirements or customary practices in relation to U.S. domestic tender offers. Holders of the shares of Swedish Match domiciled or resident in the United States (the “U.S. Holders”) are encouraged to consult with their advisers regarding the Offer.Swedish Match’s financial statements and all financial information included herein  or any other documents relating to the Offer  have been or will be prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and may not be comparable to the financial statements or financial information of companies in the United States or other companies whose financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The Offer is made to the U.S. Holders on the same terms and conditions as those made to all other shareholders of Swedish Match to whom the Offer is being made. Any information documents  including the offer document  are being disseminated to U.S. Holders on a basis comparable to the method pursuant to which such documents are provided to Swedish Match’s other shareholders.The U.S. Holders should consider that the price for the Offer is being paid in SEK and that no adjustment will be made based on any changes in the exchange rate.It may be difficult for U.S. Holders to enforce their rights and any claims they may have arising under the U.S. federal or U.S. state securities laws in connection with the Offer  since Swedish Match and PMHH are located in countries other than the United States  and some or all of their officers and directors may be residents of countries other than the United States. U.S. Holders may not be able to sue Swedish Match or PMHH or their respective officers or directors in a non-U.S. court for violations of U.S. securities laws. Further  it may be difficult to compel Swedish Match or PMHH and/or their respective affiliates to subject themselves to the jurisdiction or judgment of a U.S. court.To the extent permissible under applicable law or regulations  and in reliance on relief granted by the SEC exempting the Offer from certain of the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under Regulation 14E  PMHH and its affiliates or its brokers and its brokers’ affiliates (acting as agents for PMHH or its affiliates  as applicable) may from time to time and during the pendency of the Offer  and other than pursuant to the Offer  directly or indirectly purchase or arrange to purchase shares of Swedish Match outside the United States (or securities that are convertible into  exchangeable for  or exercisable for such shares). These purchases may occur either in the open market at prevailing prices or in private transactions at negotiated prices  and information about such purchases will be disclosed by means of a press release or other means reasonably calculated to inform U.S. Holders of such information  to the extent required by applicable laws and regulations. In addition  affiliates to the financial advisers to PMHH may also engage in ordinary course trading activities in securities of Swedish Match  which may include purchases or arrangements to purchase such securities as long as such purchases or arrangements comply with applicable laws and regulations. Any information about such purchases will be announced in Swedish and in an English translation available to the U.S. Holders through relevant electronic media  including the Offer website at www.smokefree-offer.com  if  and to the extent  such announcement is required under applicable Swedish or U.S. law  rules  or regulations.The receipt of cash pursuant to the Offer by a U.S. Holder may be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and under applicable U.S. state and local  as well as foreign and other  tax laws. Each shareholder is urged to consult an independent professional adviser regarding the tax consequences of accepting the Offer. Neither PMHH nor any of its affiliates and their respective directors  officers  employees  or agents or any other person acting on their behalf in connection with the Offer shall be responsible for any tax effects or liabilities resulting from acceptance of this Offer.NEITHER THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION NOR ANY U.S. STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION HAS APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED THE OFFER  MADE ANY COMMENT UPON THE MERITS OR FAIRNESS OF THE OFFER  MADE ANY COMMENT UPON THE ADEQUACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS PRESS RELEASE  OR MADE ANY COMMENT ON WHETHER THE CONTENT OF THIS PRESS RELEASE IS CORRECT OR COMPLETE. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE IN THE UNITED STATES.For the purposes of this press release  “United States” and “U.S.” mean the United States of America  including its territories and possessions and all states of the United States of America and the District of Columbia.1 A Dutch private limited liability company (besloten vennootschap)  with corporate registration number 20028955 and corporate seat in Bergen op Zoom  the Netherlands  indirectly wholly owned by PMI.2 Excluding any treasury shares held by Swedish Match (currently 4 285 810 shares).3 Including the 1 255 945 656 shares tendered in the Offer at November 4  2022  as announced in the outcome press release dated November 7  2022  and 44 160 shares tendered through late acceptances recorded on the morning November 7  2022.4 According to the terms and conditions of the Offer  as set out in the offer document regarding the Offer made public on June 28  2022  if prior to settlement of the Offer  Swedish Match (i) distributes dividends or (ii) in any other way distributes or transfers value to its shareholders  the consideration in the Offer will be reduced accordingly. As the payment of the dividend on November 17  2022 occurred before settlement of shares tendered in the Offer during the further extended acceptance period  expected around December 2  2022  the SEK 0.93 dividend payment was not received by PMHH  but by the shareholder registered as of the record date on November 14  2022.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.16,0.29,True,English,"['Swedish Match', 'Compulsory Redemption', 'Request Delisting', 'PMHH', 'Owner', '93.11 Percent', 'Shares', 'Philip Morris Holland Holdings B.V.1', 'Philip Morris International Inc.', 'science-based, less harmful alternatives', 'possible tax consequences', 'minority redemption process', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'oral nicotine portfolio', 'Tobacco Harm Reduction', 'potential revenue synergies', 'global smoke-free champion', 'Swedish Match AB', 'Swedish Match shareholders', 'international markets', 'smoke-free future', 'Swedish Match2', 'OP ZOOM', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'Hong Kong', 'New Zealand', 'South Africa', 'other jurisdiction', 'relevant jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'Important information', 'United States', 'Special notice', 'acceptance period', 'voting rights', 'press release', 'total number', 'stock market', 'Jacek Olczak', 'major milestone', 'U.S.', 'value creation', 'coming years', 'recent months', 'low single-digit', 'diluted EPS', 'one-off costs', 'public health', 'net revenues', 'smoke-free products', 'smoke-free company', 'share capital', 'applicable legislation', 'Transaction rationale', 'new mission', 'strong progress', 'additional 29,164,342 shares', 'remaining shares', 'offer restrictions', 'offer document', 'Offer website', 'public offer', 'PMI family', 'aggregate 1,255,989,816 shares', '49,899,948 shares', '80,933,854 shares', '1,415,987,960 shares', 'Netherlands', 'announcement', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'regulations', 'Sweden', 'inquiries', 'section', 'end', 'May', 'PMHH', 'affiliate', 'November', 'price', 'SEK', 'cash', 'payment', 'record', 'owner', '93.11 percent2', '82.59 percent2', '3.28 percent2', 'outcome', '5.32 percent2', '1.92 percent2', 'acquisitions', 'delisting', 'shared', 'objective', 'employees', 'IQOS', 'ZYN', 'growth', 'financing', 'combination', 'transaction-related', 'amortization', 'intangibles', 'Background', 'cigarettes', 'benefit', 'people', 'society', 'proof', 'commitment', 'date', '30 percent', 'half', 'past', '2025']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,businesswire.com
13806,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/republic-of-colombia-announces-new-bonds-offering-and-tender-offer-301687912.html,Republic of Colombia Announces New Bonds Offering and Tender Offer,"BOGOTÁ  Colombia  Nov. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- New Bonds Offering The Republic of Colombia (""Colombia"") announced today the commencement of a global offering (the ""New Bonds Offering"") of new global bonds to be denominated in U.S. dollars due 2033 (the ""New …","BOGOTÁ  Colombia  Nov. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ --New Bonds OfferingThe Republic of Colombia ("" Colombia "") announced today the commencement of a global offering (the "" New Bonds Offering "") of new global bonds to be denominated in U.S. dollars due 2033 (the "" New Bonds ""). The New Bonds offered may include New Bonds that may be issued and sold to certain tendering holders in the Tender Offer (as described below). HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  Santander Investment Securities Inc. and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. will serve as Joint Book-Running Managers for the New Bonds Offering.The New Bonds Offering is being made only by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and an accompanying base prospectus. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the related prospectus for the New Bonds Offering may be obtained by contacting any of the following: HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  by calling +1 888 HSBC-4LM (U.S. toll free); Santander Investment Securities Inc.  by calling +1 855-404-3636 (U.S. toll free); or Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.  by calling +1 800 372-3930 (U.S. toll free).Application will be made to have the New Bonds listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.Tender OfferColombia also announced today that it has commenced an offer to purchase for cash (the "" Tender Offer "") its outstanding 2.625% Global Bonds due 2023 (the "" 2023 Bonds "")  4.000% Global Bonds due 2024 (the "" 4.000% 2024 Bonds "")  and 8.125% Global Bonds due 2024 (the "" 8.125% 2024 Bonds "")  as each such series is described further in the table below (the 2023 Bonds  4.000% 2024 Bonds and 8.125% 2024 Bonds  collectively  the "" Old Bonds "") in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in an aggregate Purchase Price that exceeds an amount determined by Colombia in its sole discretion (the "" Maximum Purchase Amount ""). The Tender Offer is made on the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the Offer to Purchase  dated Monday  November 28  2022 (the "" Offer to Purchase "")  including the pricing of the issue of the New Bonds in an amount and on terms and subject to conditions acceptable to Colombia  which is expected to occur today. All capitalized terms used but not defined under the heading ""Tender Offer"" in this communication have the respective meanings specified in the Offer to Purchase.The tender period (the "" Tender Period "") will commence at or around 8:30 a.m.  New York time  on Monday  November 28  2022  and  unless extended or earlier terminated by Colombia in its sole discretion  the Tender Period will expire for Simple Tenders at 12:30 p.m.  New York City time  and  for Reinvestment Tenders  at 2:30 p.m.  New York City time  on Monday  November 28  2022.Colombia expects to announce the Maximum Purchase Amount  the aggregate principal amount of Reinvestment Tenders and of Simple Tenders of the Old Bonds that have been accepted and whether any proration has occurred for any series of Old Bonds on Monday  November 28  2022  or as soon as possible thereafter. The settlement of the Tender Offer is scheduled to occur on Monday  December 5  2022 (the "" Tender Offer Settlement Date "") but is subject to change without notice.The Purchase Price to be paid for the Old Bonds that are tendered and accepted pursuant to the Tender Offer will be the fixed price identified for each series of Old Bonds set forth in the table below. Holders of the Old Bonds participating in the Tender Offer will also receive any accrued and unpaid interest on their Old Bonds up to (but excluding) the Tender Offer Settlement Date ("" Accrued Interest "").Old Bonds Old Bonds Outstanding PrincipalAmount as of November28  2022 ISIN CUSIP Common Code Fixed Price (perU.S. $1 000PrincipalAmount) 2.625% Global Bondsdue 2023 U.S. $1 000 000 000 USP3772NHK11 P3772NHK1 088098170 U.S. $994.50 4.000% Global Bondsdue 2024 U.S. $1 566 262 000 US195325BQ70 195325BQ7 097464391 U.S. $976.00 8.125% Global Bondsdue 2024 U.S. $1 000 000 000 US195325BD67 195325BD6 018437384 U.S. $1 028.50During the Tender Period  a holder of Old Bonds may place orders to tender Old Bonds ("" Tender Orders "") only through any of the Dealer Managers. If a holder does not have an account with a Dealer Manager and desires to tender its Old Bonds  it may do so through a broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company  other financial institution or other custodian  in each case that has an account with a Dealer Manager. Holders will NOT be able to submit tenders through Euroclear Bank SA/NV  Clearstream Banking  S.A. or the Depository Trust Company ("" DTC "") system. HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  as the billing and delivering bank for the Tender Offer (in such capacity  the "" Billing and Delivering Bank "")  will consolidate all Tender Orders and accept Old Bonds for purchase pursuant to the terms and conditions in the Offer to Purchase on behalf of Colombia  subject to proration at Colombia's sole discretion and other terms and conditions as described in the Offer to Purchase  on Monday  November 28  2022 or as soon as possible thereafter. Failure to deliver Old Bonds on time may result  in Colombia's sole discretion  in any of the following: (i) the cancellation of a holder's tender and the holder becoming liable for any damages resulting from that failure  and/or (ii) the delivery of a buy-in notice for the purchase of such Old Bonds  executed in accordance with customary brokerage practices for corporate fixed income securities  and/or (iii) in the case of Reinvestment Tenders  the cancellation of a holder's tender and the holder remaining obligated to purchase its allocation of New Bonds in respect of its related Indication of Interest.Tender Orders for any series of Old Bonds may be subject to proration at Colombia's sole discretion. To the extent proration occurs for any series of Old Bonds  the Billing and Delivering Bank will accept Old Bonds with appropriate adjustments to avoid the purchase of Old Bonds in principal amounts other than Permitted Tender Amounts. Tender Orders for the 2023 Bonds will be accepted before Tender Orders for any other series of Old Bonds.Each holder submitting Tender Orders shall be deemed to represent to Colombia  the Dealer Managers and the Billing and Delivering Bank that such holder held  from the time of its submission of its Tender Order through the Expiration Time  at least the amount of Old Bonds that are being tendered.All Old Bonds that are tendered pursuant to Tender Orders and are accepted by Colombia will be purchased on behalf of Colombia by the Billing and Delivering Bank directly or  if the tendering holder does not have an account with the Billing and Delivering Bank  through the Dealer Manager with which such holder placed a Tender Order  or through the broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company  other financial institution  or other custodian that has an account with a Dealer Manager  with which such holder placed a Tender Order. There is no letter of transmittal for the Tender Offer. Old Bonds held through DTC must be delivered for settlement no later than 3:00 p.m.  New York City time  on the Tender Offer Settlement Date. If a holder holds Old Bonds through Euroclear or Clearstream  the latest process it can use to deliver its Old Bonds is the overnight process  one day prior to the Settlement Date; holders may not use the optional daylight process. Holders will not have withdrawal rights with respect to any tenders of Old Bonds in the Tender Offer. Old Bonds accepted for purchase will be settled on a delivery versus payment basis in accordance with customary brokerage practices for corporate fixed income securities.Colombia may  but is not required to  issue and sell New Bonds to holders who validly tender their Old Bonds pursuant to the Tender Offer and place firm orders for New Bonds during the Tender Period (as well as investors that are not participating in the Tender Offer). If Colombia determines to issue and sell New Bonds to such holders  the scheduled settlement date for the New Bonds is expected to occur on Wednesday  December 7  2022.The Tender Offer is subject to Colombia's right  at its sole discretion and subject to applicable law  to extend  terminate  withdraw  or amend the Tender Offer at any time. Colombia reserves the right  in its sole discretion  not to accept tenders for any reason.The Offer to Purchase may be downloaded from the Information Agent's website at www.dfking.com/colombia or obtained from the Information Agent  D.F. King & Co.  Inc.  at 1-877-896-3199 or from any of the Dealer Managers.The Dealer Managers for the Tender Offer are:HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 452 Fifth Avenue New York  New York 10018 Attention: Global Liability Management Group Facsimile: + 1 (212) 525 5552 Toll-Free: (888) HSBC-4LM Email: [email protected] Santander Investment Securities Inc. 437 Madison Avenue  7th Floor New York  New York 10022 Attention: Liability Management Collect: +1 212 940-1442 Toll Free: +1 855-404-3636 Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. 250 Vesey Street New York  New York 10281 Attention: Liability Management Group Collect: +1 212 225-5501 Toll Free: +1 800 372-3930 Email: [email protected]The Billing and Delivering Bank for this Tender Offer is: HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.Questions regarding the Tender Offer may be directed to the Dealer Managers at the above contact.Colombia has filed a registration statement (including the prospectus) and the preliminary prospectus supplement with the SEC for the New Bonds Offering. Before you invest  you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents Colombia has filed with the SEC for more complete information about Colombia and such New Bonds Offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov/. Alternatively  the Joint Book-Running Managers  the Dealer Managers or the Information Agent  as the case may be  will arrange to send you the prospectus supplement and the prospectus if you request it by calling any one of them at the numbers specified above.Important NoticeThe distribution of materials relating to the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer and the transactions contemplated by the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Each of the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer is void in all jurisdictions where it is prohibited. If materials relating to the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer come into a holder's possession  the holder is required by Colombia to inform itself of and to observe all of these restrictions. The materials relating to the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer  including this communication  do not constitute  and may not be used in connection with  an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer be made by a licensed broker or dealer and a Dealer Manager or any affiliate of a Dealer Manager is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction  the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer  as the case may be  shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Manager or such affiliate on behalf of Colombia in that jurisdiction. Owners who may lawfully participate in the Tender Offer in accordance with the terms thereof are referred to as ""holders.""This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities nor will there be any sale of the New Bonds or the Tender Offer in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. The offering of the New Bonds and the Tender Offer will be made only by means of the preliminary prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus and in Canada  under applicable exemptions from any prospectus or registration requirements.The New Bonds may be sold and the Tender Offer is made in Canada only to purchasers purchasing  or deemed to be purchasing  as principal that are accredited investors  as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)  and are permitted clients  as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements  Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations  and who are not individuals. Any resale of the New Bonds must be made in accordance with an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the prospectus requirements of applicable Canadian securities laws.The New Bonds and the Old Bonds will not be registered under Chilean Law No. 18 045  as amended  with the Comisión para el Mercado Financiero de Chile (Financial Market Commission of Chile or ""CMF"") and  accordingly  the New Bonds and the Old Bonds cannot and will not be offered or sold to persons in Chile except in circumstances which have not resulted and will not result in a public offering under Chilean law  and in compliance with Norma de Carácter General (Rule) No. 336  dated June 27  2012  issued by the CMF.The New Bonds may not be offered  sold or negotiated in Colombia  except in compliance with Part 4 of Decree 2555 of 2010. The Offer to Purchase and the New Bonds Offering do not constitute and may not be used for  or in connection with  a public offering as defined under Colombian law.The New Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (""EEA""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:(a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  ""MiFID II""); or(b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended  the ""Insurance Distribution Directive"")  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the ""PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.The Old Bonds and New Bonds may not be offered or sold and will not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document other than (a) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32  Laws of Hong Kong) (the ""CWUMPO"")  or (b) to ""professional investors"" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571  Laws of Hong Kong) (the ""SFO"") and any rules made thereunder  or (c) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a ""prospectus"" as defined in the CWUMPO.No advertisement  invitation or document relating to the Old Bonds or New Bonds has been or will be issued  or has been or will be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere)  which is directed at  or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by  the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Old Bonds or New Bonds which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to ""professional investors"" as defined in the SFO and any rules made thereunder.The Old Bonds and the New Bonds  and the Offer to Purchase and the New Bonds Offering prospectus supplement  and any other documents or materials related to such offers have not and will not be registered with the Italian Securities Exchange Commission (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa or ""CONSOB"") pursuant to applicable Italian laws and regulations. The Offer to Purchase and the New Bond Offering are being carried out pursuant to the exemptions provided for  with respect to the Offer to Purchase  in Article 101 bis  paragraph 3 bis of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998  as amended (the ""Consolidated Financial Act"") and Article 35 bis  paragraph 4  of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999  as amended; and  with respect to the New Bonds Offering  in article 1  paragraph 4  letter c)  of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.Holders or beneficial owners of the Old Bonds that are resident and/or located in Italy can tender the Old Bonds for purchase  and the New Bonds Offerings can be offered  sold and delivered  through authorized persons (such as investment firms  banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  the Consolidated Financial Act  the CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018  as amended  and Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1  1993  as amended) and in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or with any requirements imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority. Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis à vis its clients in connection with the bonds or the relevant offering.The New Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948  as amended  the ""Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"") and each manager has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold  and will not offer or sell any New Bonds  directly or indirectly  in Japan or to  or for the benefit of  any resident of Japan (as defined under Article 6  Paragraph 1  Item 5 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act of Japan (Act No. 228 of 1949  as amended))  or to others for re-offering or resale  directly or indirectly  in Japan or to  or for the benefit of  a resident of Japan  except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of  and otherwise in compliance with  the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws  regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.Neither the Offer to Purchase  nor any other documents or materials relating to the Offer to Purchase have been approved by or will be submitted for the approval of  the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores; the ""CNBV"") and  the New Bonds have not been and will not be registered with the Mexican National Securities Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) maintained by the CNBV  and therefore the Old Bonds and New Bonds have not and may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. However  investors that qualify as institutional or qualified investors pursuant to the private placement exemption set forth in article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores)  may be contacted in connection with  and may participate in the Offer to Purchase  and can be offered with or purchase New Bonds. The participation in the Offer to Purchase or the acquisition of New Bonds will be made under such investor's own responsibility.The Tender Offer is not intended for any person who is not qualified as an institutional investor  in accordance with provisions set forth in Resolution SMV No. 021-2013-SMV-01 issued by Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores (Superintendency of Capital Markets) of Peru  and as subsequently amended. No legal  financial  tax or any other kind of advice is hereby being provided.The New Bond Offering prospectus supplement  and the Offer to Purchase have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. The Offer to Purchase does not constitute an offering of securities in Singapore pursuant to the Securities and Futures Act  Chapter 289 of Singapore (the ""SFA""). The New Bonds will not be offered or sold or cause that such New Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such New Bonds or cause such New Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase  and has not circulated or distributed  nor will it circulate or distribute  this prospectus supplement or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale  or invitation for subscription or purchase  of such New Bonds  whether directly or indirectly  to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) under Section 274 of the SFA  (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1)  or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A)  and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275  of the SFA  and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore or (iii) otherwise pursuant to  and in accordance with the conditions of  any other applicable provision of the SFA.Where the New Bonds are subscribed or purchased in reliance on an exemption under Sections 274 or 275 of the SFA  the New Bonds shall not be sold within the period of six months from the date of the initial acquisition of the bonds  except to any of the following persons:an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA);a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA); orany person pursuant to an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) of the SFA  unless expressly specified otherwise in Section 276(7) of the SFA or Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore .Where the New Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals  each of whom is an accredited investor; ora trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor  securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the New Bonds pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:to an institutional investor or to a relevant person as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA  or (in the case of such corporation) where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in 276(3)(i)(B) of the SFA or (in the case of such trust) where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;where the transfer is by operation of law;as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; oras specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore .The prospectus supplement is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the New Bonds described therein in Switzerland  except as permitted by law. The New Bonds may not be publicly offered  directly or indirectly  in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act („FinSA"") and will not be admitted to any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland.Neither the prospectus supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the New Bonds constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA  and neither the prospectus supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the New Bonds may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.Neither the communication of the Offer to Purchase nor any other offer material relating to the Offer to Purchase has been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the ""FSMA""). The Offer to Purchase and the New Bond Offering prospectus supplement are only being distributed to and are only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom; (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the FSMA (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Order""); or (iii) high net worth entities and other persons to whom it may be lawfully communicated falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such other persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). Any investment or investment activity to which the Offer to Purchase relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on the Offer to Purchase or any of its contents. The New Bonds will only be available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire the bonds will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this prospectus supplement or any of its contents.The New Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (""UK""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (""EUWA""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the ""UK PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.Contact information:D.F. King & Co.  Inc.48 Wall Street  22nd FloorNew York  New York 10005Toll Free: 1-877-896-3199Email: [email protected]SOURCE Republic of Colombia",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['New Bonds Offering', 'Tender Offer', 'Republic', 'Colombia', 'ISIN CUSIP Common Code Fixed Price', 'New York City time', 'Santander Investment Securities Inc.', 'Tender Offer Settlement Date', 'The New Bonds Offering', 'Old Bonds Outstanding Principal', 'New York time', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'Euro MTF Market', 'preliminary prospectus supplement', 'accompanying base prospectus', 'Joint Book-Running Managers', 'aggregate Purchase Price', 'other financial institution', 'aggregate principal amount', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Depository Trust Company', 'outstanding 2.625% Global Bonds', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. toll', 'new global bonds', 'Maximum Purchase Amount', 'The Tender Offer', 'global offering', 'The Republic', 'related prospectus', 'HSBC Securities', '4.000% Global Bonds', '8.125% Global Bonds', 'other custodian', 'tender period', 'Dealer Managers', 'Scotia Capital', 'sole discretion', 'respective meanings', 'unpaid interest', 'Accrued Interest', 'commercial bank', 'Clearstream Banking', 'Tender Orders', 'S.A.', 'Simple Tenders', 'Reinvestment Tenders', 'other terms', 'Delivering Bank', 'capitalized terms', 'tendering holders', '2023 Bonds', '4.000% 2024 Bonds', '8.125% 2024 Bonds', '8:30 a', 'BOGOTÁ', 'Colombia', 'Nov.', 'PRNewswire', 'commencement', 'USA', 'means', 'Copies', 'Application', 'cash', 'series', 'table', 'conditions', 'Monday', 'pricing', 'issue', 'heading', 'communication', 'November', 'proration', 'December', 'notice', 'account', 'desires', 'broker', 'case', 'DTC', 'system', 'billing', 'capacity', 'behalf', '12:30']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,prnewswire.com
13807,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Foster goodwill every day  not just in the holiday season #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/pToxrT50WB #regtech,nan,Foster goodwill every day  not just in the holiday season #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/pToxrT50WB #regtech,positive,0.5,0.5,0.0,positive,0.5,0.5,0.0,True,English,"['AAA Websites Euroclear', 'holiday season', 'goodwill', 'regtech', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'holiday season', 'goodwill', 'regtech']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,Unknown
13808,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@AndreasSteno @iLoveJaneAdams I know… let’s ignore daily margining  CSAs  ISDAs not to mention LCH  Clearstream  Euroclear.,nan,@AndreasSteno @iLoveJaneAdams I know… let’s ignore daily margining  CSAs  ISDAs not to mention LCH  Clearstream  Euroclear.,negative,0.02,0.43,0.55,negative,0.02,0.43,0.55,True,English,"['daily margining', 'AndreasSteno', 'CSAs', 'ISDAs', 'LCH', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'daily margining', 'AndreasSteno', 'CSAs', 'ISDAs', 'LCH', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear']",2022-11-27,2022-11-29,Unknown
13809,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/republic-colombia-announces-bonds-offering-145100092.html,Republic of Colombia Announces New Bonds Offering and Tender Offer,New Bonds Offering,"BOGOTÁ  Colombia  Nov. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ --New Bonds OfferingThe Republic of Colombia ("" Colombia "") announced today the commencement of a global offering (the "" New Bonds Offering "") of new global bonds to be denominated in U.S. dollars due 2033 (the "" New Bonds ""). The New Bonds offered may include New Bonds that may be issued and sold to certain tendering holders in the Tender Offer (as described below). HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  Santander Investment Securities Inc. and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. will serve as Joint Book-Running Managers for the New Bonds Offering.The New Bonds Offering is being made only by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and an accompanying base prospectus. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the related prospectus for the New Bonds Offering may be obtained by contacting any of the following: HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  by calling +1 888 HSBC-4LM (U.S. toll free); Santander Investment Securities Inc.  by calling +1 855-404-3636 (U.S. toll free); or Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.  by calling +1 800 372-3930 (U.S. toll free).Application will be made to have the New Bonds listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.Tender OfferColombia also announced today that it has commenced an offer to purchase for cash (the "" Tender Offer "") its outstanding 2.625% Global Bonds due 2023 (the "" 2023 Bonds "")  4.000% Global Bonds due 2024 (the "" 4.000% 2024 Bonds "")  and 8.125% Global Bonds due 2024 (the "" 8.125% 2024 Bonds "")  as each such series is described further in the table below (the 2023 Bonds  4.000% 2024 Bonds and 8.125% 2024 Bonds  collectively  the "" Old Bonds "") in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in an aggregate Purchase Price that exceeds an amount determined by Colombia in its sole discretion (the "" Maximum Purchase Amount ""). The Tender Offer is made on the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the Offer to Purchase  dated Monday  November 28  2022 (the "" Offer to Purchase "")  including the pricing of the issue of the New Bonds in an amount and on terms and subject to conditions acceptable to Colombia  which is expected to occur today. All capitalized terms used but not defined under the heading ""Tender Offer"" in this communication have the respective meanings specified in the Offer to Purchase.Story continuesThe tender period (the "" Tender Period "") will commence at or around 8:30 a.m.  New York time  on Monday  November 28  2022  and  unless extended or earlier terminated by Colombia in its sole discretion  the Tender Period will expire for Simple Tenders at 12:30 p.m.  New York City time  and  for Reinvestment Tenders  at 2:30 p.m.  New York City time  on Monday  November 28  2022.Colombia expects to announce the Maximum Purchase Amount  the aggregate principal amount of Reinvestment Tenders and of Simple Tenders of the Old Bonds that have been accepted and whether any proration has occurred for any series of Old Bonds on Monday  November 28  2022  or as soon as possible thereafter. The settlement of the Tender Offer is scheduled to occur on Monday  December 5  2022 (the "" Tender Offer Settlement Date "") but is subject to change without notice.The Purchase Price to be paid for the Old Bonds that are tendered and accepted pursuant to the Tender Offer will be the fixed price identified for each series of Old Bonds set forth in the table below. Holders of the Old Bonds participating in the Tender Offer will also receive any accrued and unpaid interest on their Old Bonds up to (but excluding) the Tender Offer Settlement Date ("" Accrued Interest "").Old Bonds Old Bonds Outstanding PrincipalAmount as of November28  2022 ISIN CUSIP Common Code Fixed Price (perU.S. $1 000PrincipalAmount) 2.625% Global Bondsdue 2023 U.S. $1 000 000 000 USP3772NHK11 P3772NHK1 088098170 U.S. $994.50 4.000% Global Bondsdue 2024 U.S. $1 566 262 000 US195325BQ70 195325BQ7 097464391 U.S. $976.00 8.125% Global Bondsdue 2024 U.S. $1 000 000 000 US195325BD67 195325BD6 018437384 U.S. $1 028.50During the Tender Period  a holder of Old Bonds may place orders to tender Old Bonds ("" Tender Orders "") only through any of the Dealer Managers. If a holder does not have an account with a Dealer Manager and desires to tender its Old Bonds  it may do so through a broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company  other financial institution or other custodian  in each case that has an account with a Dealer Manager. Holders will NOT be able to submit tenders through Euroclear Bank SA/NV  Clearstream Banking  S.A. or the Depository Trust Company ("" DTC "") system. HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  as the billing and delivering bank for the Tender Offer (in such capacity  the "" Billing and Delivering Bank "")  will consolidate all Tender Orders and accept Old Bonds for purchase pursuant to the terms and conditions in the Offer to Purchase on behalf of Colombia  subject to proration at Colombia's sole discretion and other terms and conditions as described in the Offer to Purchase  on Monday  November 28  2022 or as soon as possible thereafter. Failure to deliver Old Bonds on time may result  in Colombia's sole discretion  in any of the following: (i) the cancellation of a holder's tender and the holder becoming liable for any damages resulting from that failure  and/or (ii) the delivery of a buy-in notice for the purchase of such Old Bonds  executed in accordance with customary brokerage practices for corporate fixed income securities  and/or (iii) in the case of Reinvestment Tenders  the cancellation of a holder's tender and the holder remaining obligated to purchase its allocation of New Bonds in respect of its related Indication of Interest.Tender Orders for any series of Old Bonds may be subject to proration at Colombia's sole discretion. To the extent proration occurs for any series of Old Bonds  the Billing and Delivering Bank will accept Old Bonds with appropriate adjustments to avoid the purchase of Old Bonds in principal amounts other than Permitted Tender Amounts. Tender Orders for the 2023 Bonds will be accepted before Tender Orders for any other series of Old Bonds.Each holder submitting Tender Orders shall be deemed to represent to Colombia  the Dealer Managers and the Billing and Delivering Bank that such holder held  from the time of its submission of its Tender Order through the Expiration Time  at least the amount of Old Bonds that are being tendered.All Old Bonds that are tendered pursuant to Tender Orders and are accepted by Colombia will be purchased on behalf of Colombia by the Billing and Delivering Bank directly or  if the tendering holder does not have an account with the Billing and Delivering Bank  through the Dealer Manager with which such holder placed a Tender Order  or through the broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company  other financial institution  or other custodian that has an account with a Dealer Manager  with which such holder placed a Tender Order. There is no letter of transmittal for the Tender Offer. Old Bonds held through DTC must be delivered for settlement no later than 3:00 p.m.  New York City time  on the Tender Offer Settlement Date. If a holder holds Old Bonds through Euroclear or Clearstream  the latest process it can use to deliver its Old Bonds is the overnight process  one day prior to the Settlement Date; holders may not use the optional daylight process. Holders will not have withdrawal rights with respect to any tenders of Old Bonds in the Tender Offer. Old Bonds accepted for purchase will be settled on a delivery versus payment basis in accordance with customary brokerage practices for corporate fixed income securities.Colombia may  but is not required to  issue and sell New Bonds to holders who validly tender their Old Bonds pursuant to the Tender Offer and place firm orders for New Bonds during the Tender Period (as well as investors that are not participating in the Tender Offer). If Colombia determines to issue and sell New Bonds to such holders  the scheduled settlement date for the New Bonds is expected to occur on Wednesday  December 7  2022.The Tender Offer is subject to Colombia's right  at its sole discretion and subject to applicable law  to extend  terminate  withdraw  or amend the Tender Offer at any time. Colombia reserves the right  in its sole discretion  not to accept tenders for any reason.The Offer to Purchase may be downloaded from the Information Agent's website at www.dfking.com/colombia or obtained from the Information Agent  D.F. King & Co.  Inc.  at 1-877-896-3199 or from any of the Dealer Managers.The Dealer Managers for the Tender Offer are:HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 452 Fifth Avenue New York  New York 10018 Attention: Global Liability Management Group Facsimile: + 1 (212) 525 5552 Toll-Free: (888) HSBC-4LM Email: LMAmericas@us.hsbc.com Santander Investment Securities Inc. 437 Madison Avenue  7th Floor New York  New York 10022 Attention: Liability Management Collect: +1 212 940-1442 Toll Free: +1 855-404-3636 Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. 250 Vesey Street New York  New York 10281 Attention: Liability Management Group Collect: +1 212 225-5501 Toll Free: +1 800 372-3930 Email: LM@scotiabank.comThe Billing and Delivering Bank for this Tender Offer is: HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.Questions regarding the Tender Offer may be directed to the Dealer Managers at the above contact.Colombia has filed a registration statement (including the prospectus) and the preliminary prospectus supplement with the SEC for the New Bonds Offering. Before you invest  you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents Colombia has filed with the SEC for more complete information about Colombia and such New Bonds Offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov/. Alternatively  the Joint Book-Running Managers  the Dealer Managers or the Information Agent  as the case may be  will arrange to send you the prospectus supplement and the prospectus if you request it by calling any one of them at the numbers specified above.Important NoticeThe distribution of materials relating to the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer and the transactions contemplated by the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Each of the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer is void in all jurisdictions where it is prohibited. If materials relating to the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer come into a holder's possession  the holder is required by Colombia to inform itself of and to observe all of these restrictions. The materials relating to the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer  including this communication  do not constitute  and may not be used in connection with  an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer be made by a licensed broker or dealer and a Dealer Manager or any affiliate of a Dealer Manager is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction  the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer  as the case may be  shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Manager or such affiliate on behalf of Colombia in that jurisdiction. Owners who may lawfully participate in the Tender Offer in accordance with the terms thereof are referred to as ""holders.""This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities nor will there be any sale of the New Bonds or the Tender Offer in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. The offering of the New Bonds and the Tender Offer will be made only by means of the preliminary prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus and in Canada  under applicable exemptions from any prospectus or registration requirements.The New Bonds may be sold and the Tender Offer is made in Canada only to purchasers purchasing  or deemed to be purchasing  as principal that are accredited investors  as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)  and are permitted clients  as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements  Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations  and who are not individuals. Any resale of the New Bonds must be made in accordance with an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the prospectus requirements of applicable Canadian securities laws.The New Bonds and the Old Bonds will not be registered under Chilean Law No. 18 045  as amended  with the Comisión para el Mercado Financiero de Chile (Financial Market Commission of Chile or ""CMF"") and  accordingly  the New Bonds and the Old Bonds cannot and will not be offered or sold to persons in Chile except in circumstances which have not resulted and will not result in a public offering under Chilean law  and in compliance with Norma de Carácter General (Rule) No. 336  dated June 27  2012  issued by the CMF.The New Bonds may not be offered  sold or negotiated in Colombia  except in compliance with Part 4 of Decree 2555 of 2010. The Offer to Purchase and the New Bonds Offering do not constitute and may not be used for  or in connection with  a public offering as defined under Colombian law.The New Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (""EEA""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:(a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  ""MiFID II""); or(b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended  the ""Insurance Distribution Directive"")  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the ""PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.The Old Bonds and New Bonds may not be offered or sold and will not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document other than (a) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32  Laws of Hong Kong) (the ""CWUMPO"")  or (b) to ""professional investors"" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571  Laws of Hong Kong) (the ""SFO"") and any rules made thereunder  or (c) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a ""prospectus"" as defined in the CWUMPO.No advertisement  invitation or document relating to the Old Bonds or New Bonds has been or will be issued  or has been or will be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere)  which is directed at  or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by  the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Old Bonds or New Bonds which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to ""professional investors"" as defined in the SFO and any rules made thereunder.The Old Bonds and the New Bonds  and the Offer to Purchase and the New Bonds Offering prospectus supplement  and any other documents or materials related to such offers have not and will not be registered with the Italian Securities Exchange Commission (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa or ""CONSOB"") pursuant to applicable Italian laws and regulations. The Offer to Purchase and the New Bond Offering are being carried out pursuant to the exemptions provided for  with respect to the Offer to Purchase  in Article 101 bis  paragraph 3 bis of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998  as amended (the ""Consolidated Financial Act"") and Article 35 bis  paragraph 4  of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999  as amended; and  with respect to the New Bonds Offering  in article 1  paragraph 4  letter c)  of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.Holders or beneficial owners of the Old Bonds that are resident and/or located in Italy can tender the Old Bonds for purchase  and the New Bonds Offerings can be offered  sold and delivered  through authorized persons (such as investment firms  banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  the Consolidated Financial Act  the CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018  as amended  and Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1  1993  as amended) and in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or with any requirements imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority. Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis à vis its clients in connection with the bonds or the relevant offering.The New Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948  as amended  the ""Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"") and each manager has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold  and will not offer or sell any New Bonds  directly or indirectly  in Japan or to  or for the benefit of  any resident of Japan (as defined under Article 6  Paragraph 1  Item 5 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act of Japan (Act No. 228 of 1949  as amended))  or to others for re-offering or resale  directly or indirectly  in Japan or to  or for the benefit of  a resident of Japan  except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of  and otherwise in compliance with  the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws  regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.Neither the Offer to Purchase  nor any other documents or materials relating to the Offer to Purchase have been approved by or will be submitted for the approval of  the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores; the ""CNBV"") and  the New Bonds have not been and will not be registered with the Mexican National Securities Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) maintained by the CNBV  and therefore the Old Bonds and New Bonds have not and may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. However  investors that qualify as institutional or qualified investors pursuant to the private placement exemption set forth in article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores)  may be contacted in connection with  and may participate in the Offer to Purchase  and can be offered with or purchase New Bonds. The participation in the Offer to Purchase or the acquisition of New Bonds will be made under such investor's own responsibility.The Tender Offer is not intended for any person who is not qualified as an institutional investor  in accordance with provisions set forth in Resolution SMV No. 021-2013-SMV-01 issued by Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores (Superintendency of Capital Markets) of Peru  and as subsequently amended. No legal  financial  tax or any other kind of advice is hereby being provided.The New Bond Offering prospectus supplement  and the Offer to Purchase have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. The Offer to Purchase does not constitute an offering of securities in Singapore pursuant to the Securities and Futures Act  Chapter 289 of Singapore (the ""SFA""). The New Bonds will not be offered or sold or cause that such New Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such New Bonds or cause such New Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase  and has not circulated or distributed  nor will it circulate or distribute  this prospectus supplement or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale  or invitation for subscription or purchase  of such New Bonds  whether directly or indirectly  to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) under Section 274 of the SFA  (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1)  or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A)  and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275  of the SFA  and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore or (iii) otherwise pursuant to  and in accordance with the conditions of  any other applicable provision of the SFA.Where the New Bonds are subscribed or purchased in reliance on an exemption under Sections 274 or 275 of the SFA  the New Bonds shall not be sold within the period of six months from the date of the initial acquisition of the bonds  except to any of the following persons:an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA);a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA); orany person pursuant to an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) of the SFA  unless expressly specified otherwise in Section 276(7) of the SFA or Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore.Where the New Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals  each of whom is an accredited investor; ora trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor  securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the New Bonds pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:The prospectus supplement is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the New Bonds described therein in Switzerland  except as permitted by law. The New Bonds may not be publicly offered  directly or indirectly  in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act („FinSA"") and will not be admitted to any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland.Neither the prospectus supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the New Bonds constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA  and neither the prospectus supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the New Bonds may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.Neither the communication of the Offer to Purchase nor any other offer material relating to the Offer to Purchase has been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the ""FSMA""). The Offer to Purchase and the New Bond Offering prospectus supplement are only being distributed to and are only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom; (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the FSMA (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Order""); or (iii) high net worth entities and other persons to whom it may be lawfully communicated falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such other persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). Any investment or investment activity to which the Offer to Purchase relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on the Offer to Purchase or any of its contents. The New Bonds will only be available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire the bonds will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this prospectus supplement or any of its contents.The New Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (""UK""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (""EUWA""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the ""UK PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.Contact information:D.F. King & Co.  Inc.48 Wall Street  22nd FloorNew York  New York 10005Toll Free: 1-877-896-3199Email: colombia@dfking.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/republic-of-colombia-announces-new-bonds-offering-and-tender-offer-301687912.htmlSOURCE Republic of Colombia",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.93,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['New Bonds Offering', 'Tender Offer', 'Republic', 'Colombia', 'ISIN CUSIP Common Code Fixed Price', 'New York City time', 'Santander Investment Securities Inc.', 'Tender Offer Settlement Date', 'The New Bonds Offering', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'Euro MTF Market', 'preliminary prospectus supplement', 'accompanying base prospectus', 'Joint Book-Running Managers', 'aggregate Purchase Price', 'other financial institution', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Depository Trust Company', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. toll', 'aggregate principal amount', 'The Tender Offer', 'new global bonds', 'Maximum Purchase Amount', 'outstanding 2.625% Global Bonds', 'global offering', 'The Republic', 'related prospectus', 'Outstanding Principal', 'HSBC Securities', '4.000% Global Bonds', '8.125% Global Bonds', 'other custodian', 'tender period', 'Dealer Managers', 'Old Bonds', 'Scotia Capital', 'sole discretion', 'respective meanings', 'unpaid interest', 'Accrued Interest', 'commercial bank', 'Clearstream Banking', 'Tender Orders', 'S.A.', 'Simple Tenders', 'Reinvestment Tenders', 'other terms', 'Delivering Bank', 'capitalized terms', 'tendering holders', '2023 Bonds', '4.000% 2024 Bonds', '8.125% 2024 Bonds', '8:30 a', 'BOGOTÁ', 'Colombia', 'Nov.', 'PRNewswire', 'commencement', 'USA', 'means', 'Copies', 'Application', 'cash', 'series', 'table', 'conditions', 'Monday', 'pricing', 'issue', 'heading', 'communication', 'Story', 'November', 'proration', 'December', 'notice', 'account', 'desires', 'broker', 'case', 'DTC', 'system', 'billing', 'capacity', 'behalf', '12:30']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13810,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/republic-of-colombia-announces-new-bonds-offering-and-tender-offer-301687912.html,Republic of Colombia Announces New Bonds Offering and Tender Offer,"BOGOTÁ  Colombia  Nov. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- New Bonds Offering The Republic of Colombia (""Colombia"") announced today the commencement of a global offering (the ""New Bonds Offering"") of new global bonds to be denominated in U.S. dollars due 2033 (the ""New …","BOGOTÁ  Colombia  Nov. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ --New Bonds OfferingThe Republic of Colombia ("" Colombia "") announced today the commencement of a global offering (the "" New Bonds Offering "") of new global bonds to be denominated in U.S. dollars due 2033 (the "" New Bonds ""). The New Bonds offered may include New Bonds that may be issued and sold to certain tendering holders in the Tender Offer (as described below). HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  Santander Investment Securities Inc. and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. will serve as Joint Book-Running Managers for the New Bonds Offering.The New Bonds Offering is being made only by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and an accompanying base prospectus. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the related prospectus for the New Bonds Offering may be obtained by contacting any of the following: HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  by calling +1 888 HSBC-4LM (U.S. toll free); Santander Investment Securities Inc.  by calling +1 855-404-3636 (U.S. toll free); or Scotia Capital (USA) Inc.  by calling +1 800 372-3930 (U.S. toll free).Application will be made to have the New Bonds listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Euro MTF Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.Tender OfferColombia also announced today that it has commenced an offer to purchase for cash (the "" Tender Offer "") its outstanding 2.625% Global Bonds due 2023 (the "" 2023 Bonds "")  4.000% Global Bonds due 2024 (the "" 4.000% 2024 Bonds "")  and 8.125% Global Bonds due 2024 (the "" 8.125% 2024 Bonds "")  as each such series is described further in the table below (the 2023 Bonds  4.000% 2024 Bonds and 8.125% 2024 Bonds  collectively  the "" Old Bonds "") in an aggregate principal amount that will not result in an aggregate Purchase Price that exceeds an amount determined by Colombia in its sole discretion (the "" Maximum Purchase Amount ""). The Tender Offer is made on the terms and subject to the conditions contained in the Offer to Purchase  dated Monday  November 28  2022 (the "" Offer to Purchase "")  including the pricing of the issue of the New Bonds in an amount and on terms and subject to conditions acceptable to Colombia  which is expected to occur today. All capitalized terms used but not defined under the heading ""Tender Offer"" in this communication have the respective meanings specified in the Offer to Purchase.The tender period (the "" Tender Period "") will commence at or around 8:30 a.m.  New York time  on Monday  November 28  2022  and  unless extended or earlier terminated by Colombia in its sole discretion  the Tender Period will expire for Simple Tenders at 12:30 p.m.  New York City time  and  for Reinvestment Tenders  at 2:30 p.m.  New York City time  on Monday  November 28  2022.Colombia expects to announce the Maximum Purchase Amount  the aggregate principal amount of Reinvestment Tenders and of Simple Tenders of the Old Bonds that have been accepted and whether any proration has occurred for any series of Old Bonds on Monday  November 28  2022  or as soon as possible thereafter. The settlement of the Tender Offer is scheduled to occur on Monday  December 5  2022 (the "" Tender Offer Settlement Date "") but is subject to change without notice.The Purchase Price to be paid for the Old Bonds that are tendered and accepted pursuant to the Tender Offer will be the fixed price identified for each series of Old Bonds set forth in the table below. Holders of the Old Bonds participating in the Tender Offer will also receive any accrued and unpaid interest on their Old Bonds up to (but excluding) the Tender Offer Settlement Date ("" Accrued Interest "").Old Bonds Old Bonds Outstanding PrincipalAmount as of November28  2022 ISIN CUSIP Common Code Fixed Price (perU.S. $1 000PrincipalAmount) 2.625% Global Bondsdue 2023 U.S. $1 000 000 000 USP3772NHK11 P3772NHK1 088098170 U.S. $994.50 4.000% Global Bondsdue 2024 U.S. $1 566 262 000 US195325BQ70 195325BQ7 097464391 U.S. $976.00 8.125% Global Bondsdue 2024 U.S. $1 000 000 000 US195325BD67 195325BD6 018437384 U.S. $1 028.50During the Tender Period  a holder of Old Bonds may place orders to tender Old Bonds ("" Tender Orders "") only through any of the Dealer Managers. If a holder does not have an account with a Dealer Manager and desires to tender its Old Bonds  it may do so through a broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company  other financial institution or other custodian  in each case that has an account with a Dealer Manager. Holders will NOT be able to submit tenders through Euroclear Bank SA/NV  Clearstream Banking  S.A. or the Depository Trust Company ("" DTC "") system. HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.  as the billing and delivering bank for the Tender Offer (in such capacity  the "" Billing and Delivering Bank "")  will consolidate all Tender Orders and accept Old Bonds for purchase pursuant to the terms and conditions in the Offer to Purchase on behalf of Colombia  subject to proration at Colombia's sole discretion and other terms and conditions as described in the Offer to Purchase  on Monday  November 28  2022 or as soon as possible thereafter. Failure to deliver Old Bonds on time may result  in Colombia's sole discretion  in any of the following: (i) the cancellation of a holder's tender and the holder becoming liable for any damages resulting from that failure  and/or (ii) the delivery of a buy-in notice for the purchase of such Old Bonds  executed in accordance with customary brokerage practices for corporate fixed income securities  and/or (iii) in the case of Reinvestment Tenders  the cancellation of a holder's tender and the holder remaining obligated to purchase its allocation of New Bonds in respect of its related Indication of Interest.Tender Orders for any series of Old Bonds may be subject to proration at Colombia's sole discretion. To the extent proration occurs for any series of Old Bonds  the Billing and Delivering Bank will accept Old Bonds with appropriate adjustments to avoid the purchase of Old Bonds in principal amounts other than Permitted Tender Amounts. Tender Orders for the 2023 Bonds will be accepted before Tender Orders for any other series of Old Bonds.Each holder submitting Tender Orders shall be deemed to represent to Colombia  the Dealer Managers and the Billing and Delivering Bank that such holder held  from the time of its submission of its Tender Order through the Expiration Time  at least the amount of Old Bonds that are being tendered.All Old Bonds that are tendered pursuant to Tender Orders and are accepted by Colombia will be purchased on behalf of Colombia by the Billing and Delivering Bank directly or  if the tendering holder does not have an account with the Billing and Delivering Bank  through the Dealer Manager with which such holder placed a Tender Order  or through the broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company  other financial institution  or other custodian that has an account with a Dealer Manager  with which such holder placed a Tender Order. There is no letter of transmittal for the Tender Offer. Old Bonds held through DTC must be delivered for settlement no later than 3:00 p.m.  New York City time  on the Tender Offer Settlement Date. If a holder holds Old Bonds through Euroclear or Clearstream  the latest process it can use to deliver its Old Bonds is the overnight process  one day prior to the Settlement Date; holders may not use the optional daylight process. Holders will not have withdrawal rights with respect to any tenders of Old Bonds in the Tender Offer. Old Bonds accepted for purchase will be settled on a delivery versus payment basis in accordance with customary brokerage practices for corporate fixed income securities.Colombia may  but is not required to  issue and sell New Bonds to holders who validly tender their Old Bonds pursuant to the Tender Offer and place firm orders for New Bonds during the Tender Period (as well as investors that are not participating in the Tender Offer). If Colombia determines to issue and sell New Bonds to such holders  the scheduled settlement date for the New Bonds is expected to occur on Wednesday  December 7  2022.The Tender Offer is subject to Colombia's right  at its sole discretion and subject to applicable law  to extend  terminate  withdraw  or amend the Tender Offer at any time. Colombia reserves the right  in its sole discretion  not to accept tenders for any reason.The Offer to Purchase may be downloaded from the Information Agent's website at www.dfking.com/colombia or obtained from the Information Agent  D.F. King & Co.  Inc.  at 1-877-896-3199 or from any of the Dealer Managers.The Dealer Managers for the Tender Offer are:HSBC Securities (USA) Inc. 452 Fifth Avenue New York  New York 10018 Attention: Global Liability Management Group Facsimile: + 1 (212) 525 5552 Toll-Free: (888) HSBC-4LM Email: [email protected] Santander Investment Securities Inc. 437 Madison Avenue  7th Floor New York  New York 10022 Attention: Liability Management Collect: +1 212 940-1442 Toll Free: +1 855-404-3636 Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. 250 Vesey Street New York  New York 10281 Attention: Liability Management Group Collect: +1 212 225-5501 Toll Free: +1 800 372-3930 Email: [email protected]The Billing and Delivering Bank for this Tender Offer is: HSBC Securities (USA) Inc.Questions regarding the Tender Offer may be directed to the Dealer Managers at the above contact.Colombia has filed a registration statement (including the prospectus) and the preliminary prospectus supplement with the SEC for the New Bonds Offering. Before you invest  you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and other documents Colombia has filed with the SEC for more complete information about Colombia and such New Bonds Offering. You may get these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov/. Alternatively  the Joint Book-Running Managers  the Dealer Managers or the Information Agent  as the case may be  will arrange to send you the prospectus supplement and the prospectus if you request it by calling any one of them at the numbers specified above.Important NoticeThe distribution of materials relating to the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer and the transactions contemplated by the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Each of the New Bonds Offering and the Tender Offer is void in all jurisdictions where it is prohibited. If materials relating to the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer come into a holder's possession  the holder is required by Colombia to inform itself of and to observe all of these restrictions. The materials relating to the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer  including this communication  do not constitute  and may not be used in connection with  an offer or solicitation in any place where offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction requires that the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer be made by a licensed broker or dealer and a Dealer Manager or any affiliate of a Dealer Manager is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction  the New Bonds Offering or the Tender Offer  as the case may be  shall be deemed to be made by the Dealer Manager or such affiliate on behalf of Colombia in that jurisdiction. Owners who may lawfully participate in the Tender Offer in accordance with the terms thereof are referred to as ""holders.""This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities nor will there be any sale of the New Bonds or the Tender Offer in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction. The offering of the New Bonds and the Tender Offer will be made only by means of the preliminary prospectus and the accompanying prospectus supplement and prospectus and in Canada  under applicable exemptions from any prospectus or registration requirements.The New Bonds may be sold and the Tender Offer is made in Canada only to purchasers purchasing  or deemed to be purchasing  as principal that are accredited investors  as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)  and are permitted clients  as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements  Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations  and who are not individuals. Any resale of the New Bonds must be made in accordance with an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the prospectus requirements of applicable Canadian securities laws.The New Bonds and the Old Bonds will not be registered under Chilean Law No. 18 045  as amended  with the Comisión para el Mercado Financiero de Chile (Financial Market Commission of Chile or ""CMF"") and  accordingly  the New Bonds and the Old Bonds cannot and will not be offered or sold to persons in Chile except in circumstances which have not resulted and will not result in a public offering under Chilean law  and in compliance with Norma de Carácter General (Rule) No. 336  dated June 27  2012  issued by the CMF.The New Bonds may not be offered  sold or negotiated in Colombia  except in compliance with Part 4 of Decree 2555 of 2010. The Offer to Purchase and the New Bonds Offering do not constitute and may not be used for  or in connection with  a public offering as defined under Colombian law.The New Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (""EEA""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:(a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  ""MiFID II""); or(b) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended  the ""Insurance Distribution Directive"")  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.Consequently  no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended  the ""PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.The Old Bonds and New Bonds may not be offered or sold and will not be offered or sold in Hong Kong by means of any document other than (a) in circumstances which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32  Laws of Hong Kong) (the ""CWUMPO"")  or (b) to ""professional investors"" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571  Laws of Hong Kong) (the ""SFO"") and any rules made thereunder  or (c) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a ""prospectus"" as defined in the CWUMPO.No advertisement  invitation or document relating to the Old Bonds or New Bonds has been or will be issued  or has been or will be in the possession of any person for the purpose of issue (in each case whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere)  which is directed at  or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by  the public in Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Old Bonds or New Bonds which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to ""professional investors"" as defined in the SFO and any rules made thereunder.The Old Bonds and the New Bonds  and the Offer to Purchase and the New Bonds Offering prospectus supplement  and any other documents or materials related to such offers have not and will not be registered with the Italian Securities Exchange Commission (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa or ""CONSOB"") pursuant to applicable Italian laws and regulations. The Offer to Purchase and the New Bond Offering are being carried out pursuant to the exemptions provided for  with respect to the Offer to Purchase  in Article 101 bis  paragraph 3 bis of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998  as amended (the ""Consolidated Financial Act"") and Article 35 bis  paragraph 4  of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999  as amended; and  with respect to the New Bonds Offering  in article 1  paragraph 4  letter c)  of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.Holders or beneficial owners of the Old Bonds that are resident and/or located in Italy can tender the Old Bonds for purchase  and the New Bonds Offerings can be offered  sold and delivered  through authorized persons (such as investment firms  banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in Italy in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129  the Consolidated Financial Act  the CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018  as amended  and Legislative Decree No. 385 of September 1  1993  as amended) and in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or with any requirements imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority. Each intermediary must comply with the applicable laws and regulations concerning information duties vis à vis its clients in connection with the bonds or the relevant offering.The New Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948  as amended  the ""Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"") and each manager has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold  and will not offer or sell any New Bonds  directly or indirectly  in Japan or to  or for the benefit of  any resident of Japan (as defined under Article 6  Paragraph 1  Item 5 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act of Japan (Act No. 228 of 1949  as amended))  or to others for re-offering or resale  directly or indirectly  in Japan or to  or for the benefit of  a resident of Japan  except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of  and otherwise in compliance with  the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act and any other applicable laws  regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.Neither the Offer to Purchase  nor any other documents or materials relating to the Offer to Purchase have been approved by or will be submitted for the approval of  the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission (Comisión Nacional Bancaria y de Valores; the ""CNBV"") and  the New Bonds have not been and will not be registered with the Mexican National Securities Registry (Registro Nacional de Valores) maintained by the CNBV  and therefore the Old Bonds and New Bonds have not and may not be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. However  investors that qualify as institutional or qualified investors pursuant to the private placement exemption set forth in article 8 of the Mexican Securities Market Law (Ley del Mercado de Valores)  may be contacted in connection with  and may participate in the Offer to Purchase  and can be offered with or purchase New Bonds. The participation in the Offer to Purchase or the acquisition of New Bonds will be made under such investor's own responsibility.The Tender Offer is not intended for any person who is not qualified as an institutional investor  in accordance with provisions set forth in Resolution SMV No. 021-2013-SMV-01 issued by Superintendencia del Mercado de Valores (Superintendency of Capital Markets) of Peru  and as subsequently amended. No legal  financial  tax or any other kind of advice is hereby being provided.The New Bond Offering prospectus supplement  and the Offer to Purchase have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. The Offer to Purchase does not constitute an offering of securities in Singapore pursuant to the Securities and Futures Act  Chapter 289 of Singapore (the ""SFA""). The New Bonds will not be offered or sold or cause that such New Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such New Bonds or cause such New Bonds to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase  and has not circulated or distributed  nor will it circulate or distribute  this prospectus supplement or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale  or invitation for subscription or purchase  of such New Bonds  whether directly or indirectly  to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) under Section 274 of the SFA  (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1)  or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A)  and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275  of the SFA  and (where applicable) Regulation 3 of the Securities and Futures (Classes of Investors) Regulations 2018 of Singapore or (iii) otherwise pursuant to  and in accordance with the conditions of  any other applicable provision of the SFA.Where the New Bonds are subscribed or purchased in reliance on an exemption under Sections 274 or 275 of the SFA  the New Bonds shall not be sold within the period of six months from the date of the initial acquisition of the bonds  except to any of the following persons:an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA);a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA); orany person pursuant to an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) of the SFA  unless expressly specified otherwise in Section 276(7) of the SFA or Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore .Where the New Bonds are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals  each of whom is an accredited investor; ora trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor  securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the New Bonds pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:to an institutional investor or to a relevant person as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA  or (in the case of such corporation) where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in 276(3)(i)(B) of the SFA or (in the case of such trust) where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;where the transfer is by operation of law;as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; oras specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore .The prospectus supplement is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the New Bonds described therein in Switzerland  except as permitted by law. The New Bonds may not be publicly offered  directly or indirectly  in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act („FinSA"") and will not be admitted to any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland.Neither the prospectus supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the New Bonds constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA  and neither the prospectus supplement nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the New Bonds may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.Neither the communication of the Offer to Purchase nor any other offer material relating to the Offer to Purchase has been approved by an authorized person for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the ""FSMA""). The Offer to Purchase and the New Bond Offering prospectus supplement are only being distributed to and are only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom; (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the FSMA (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the ""Order""); or (iii) high net worth entities and other persons to whom it may be lawfully communicated falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such other persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). Any investment or investment activity to which the Offer to Purchase relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on the Offer to Purchase or any of its contents. The New Bonds will only be available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire the bonds will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this prospectus supplement or any of its contents.The New Bonds are not intended to be offered  sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered  sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (""UK""). For these purposes  a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (""EUWA""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client  as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the ""UK PRIIPs Regulation"") for offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the New Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.Contact information:D.F. King & Co.  Inc.48 Wall Street  22nd FloorNew York  New York 10005Toll Free: 1-877-896-3199Email: [email protected]SOURCE Republic of Colombia",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.84,0.16,0.0,True,English,"['New Bonds Offering', 'Tender Offer', 'Republic', 'Colombia', 'ISIN CUSIP Common Code Fixed Price', 'New York City time', 'Santander Investment Securities Inc.', 'Tender Offer Settlement Date', 'The New Bonds Offering', 'Old Bonds Outstanding Principal', 'New York time', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'Euro MTF Market', 'preliminary prospectus supplement', 'accompanying base prospectus', 'Joint Book-Running Managers', 'aggregate Purchase Price', 'other financial institution', 'aggregate principal amount', 'Euroclear Bank SA/NV', 'Depository Trust Company', 'outstanding 2.625% Global Bonds', 'U.S. dollars', 'U.S. toll', 'new global bonds', 'Maximum Purchase Amount', 'The Tender Offer', 'global offering', 'The Republic', 'related prospectus', 'HSBC Securities', '4.000% Global Bonds', '8.125% Global Bonds', 'other custodian', 'tender period', 'Dealer Managers', 'Scotia Capital', 'sole discretion', 'respective meanings', 'unpaid interest', 'Accrued Interest', 'commercial bank', 'Clearstream Banking', 'Tender Orders', 'S.A.', 'Simple Tenders', 'Reinvestment Tenders', 'other terms', 'Delivering Bank', 'capitalized terms', 'tendering holders', '2023 Bonds', '4.000% 2024 Bonds', '8.125% 2024 Bonds', '8:30 a', 'BOGOTÁ', 'Colombia', 'Nov.', 'PRNewswire', 'commencement', 'USA', 'means', 'Copies', 'Application', 'cash', 'series', 'table', 'conditions', 'Monday', 'pricing', 'issue', 'heading', 'communication', 'November', 'proration', 'December', 'notice', 'account', 'desires', 'broker', 'case', 'DTC', 'system', 'billing', 'capacity', 'behalf', '12:30']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,prnewswire.com
13812,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,ClearStream MAX-V UHF/VHF Indoor/Outdoor Antenna  60+ Mile Range  4K Ready - C2MVB NME1PMFhttps://t.co/iXl2Rkoc9H https://t.co/TB8gL0JZIN,nan,ClearStream MAX-V UHF/VHF Indoor/Outdoor Antenna  60+ Mile Range  4K Ready - C2MVB NME1PMFhttps://t.co/iXl2Rkoc9H https://t.co/TB8gL0JZIN,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,neutral,0.05,0.91,0.04,True,English,"['ClearStream MAX-V UHF/VHF', '60+ Mile Range', 'C2MVB NME1PMF', 'Ready', 'ClearStream MAX-V UHF/VHF', '60+ Mile Range', 'C2MVB NME1PMF', 'Ready']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,Unknown
13813,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct Clearstream 4 TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast W/Pi… https://t.co/uTXa0Dp7Ol,nan,Antennas Direct Clearstream 4 TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast W/Pi… https://t.co/uTXa0Dp7Ol,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['70+ Mile Range', '4 TV Antenna', 'Mast W/Pi', 'Antennas', 'UHF', 'Attic', 'uTXa0Dp7Ol', '70+ Mile Range', '4 TV Antenna', 'Mast W/Pi', 'Antennas', 'UHF', 'Attic', 'uTXa0Dp7Ol']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,Unknown
13814,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Ready for #ISO20022? #Clearstream is an early adopter to ensure a smooth transition for its clients. In this… https://t.co/kPuvozqwFs,nan,Ready for #ISO20022? #Clearstream is an early adopter to ensure a smooth transition for its clients. In this… https://t.co/kPuvozqwFs,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['early adopter', 'smooth transition', 'clients', 'kPuvozqwFs', 'early adopter', 'smooth transition', 'clients', 'kPuvozqwFs']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,Unknown
13815,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4V TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast… https://t.co/10bkZhWyfj,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4V TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast… https://t.co/10bkZhWyfj,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['ClearStream 4V TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Indoor', 'Attic', 'Outdoor', 'Mast', 'ClearStream 4V TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Indoor', 'Attic', 'Outdoor', 'Mast']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,Unknown
13816,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4MAX TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Ma… https://t.co/Oei6xdNapN,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream 4MAX TV Antenna  70+ Mile Range  UHF/Vhf  Multi-Directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Ma… https://t.co/Oei6xdNapN,neutral,0.17,0.81,0.01,neutral,0.17,0.81,0.01,True,English,"['4MAX TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Attic', 'Oei6xdNapN', '4MAX TV Antenna', '70+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'Attic', 'Oei6xdNapN']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,Unknown
13817,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@AndreasSteno @iLoveJaneAdams I know… let’s ignore daily margining  CSAs  ISDAs not to mention LCH  Clearstream  Euroclear.,nan,@AndreasSteno @iLoveJaneAdams I know… let’s ignore daily margining  CSAs  ISDAs not to mention LCH  Clearstream  Euroclear.,negative,0.02,0.43,0.55,negative,0.02,0.43,0.55,True,English,"['daily margining', 'AndreasSteno', 'CSAs', 'ISDAs', 'LCH', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'daily margining', 'AndreasSteno', 'CSAs', 'ISDAs', 'LCH', 'Clearstream', 'Euroclear']",2022-11-27,2022-11-29,Unknown
13818,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@Laxatif_3D @DavidDocquoy @CNIL Remember Clearstream 2. https://t.co/A0qimfJJej,nan,@Laxatif_3D @DavidDocquoy @CNIL Remember Clearstream 2. https://t.co/A0qimfJJej,neutral,0.17,0.82,0.02,neutral,0.17,0.82,0.02,True,English,"['Laxatif_3D', 'DavidDocquoy', 'CNIL', 'Clearstream', 'A0qimfJJej', 'Laxatif_3D', 'DavidDocquoy', 'CNIL', 'Clearstream', 'A0qimfJJej']",2022-11-26,2022-11-29,Unknown
13819,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct C4-V-CJM ClearStream 4V Extreme Range Indoor/Outdoor HDTV Ant... https://t.co/GUOsGWxgBo eBay https://t.co/ME52Osi5yH,nan,Antennas Direct C4-V-CJM ClearStream 4V Extreme Range Indoor/Outdoor HDTV Ant... https://t.co/GUOsGWxgBo eBay https://t.co/ME52Osi5yH,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['V-CJM ClearStream 4V Extreme Range', 'Antennas Direct C', 'Outdoor HDTV Ant', 'GUOsGWxgBo', 'ME52Osi5yH', 'V-CJM ClearStream 4V Extreme Range', 'Antennas Direct C', 'Outdoor HDTV Ant', 'GUOsGWxgBo', 'ME52Osi5yH']",2022-11-26,2022-11-29,Unknown
13820,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream’s Priya Sharma on Why Compliance Officers Are Right to Focus on Data Management -… https://t.co/9oBFYc7SgS,nan,Clearstream’s Priya Sharma on Why Compliance Officers Are Right to Focus on Data Management -… https://t.co/9oBFYc7SgS,neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,True,English,"['Priya Sharma', 'Compliance Officers', 'Data Management', 'Clearstream', 'Priya Sharma', 'Compliance Officers', 'Data Management', 'Clearstream']",2022-11-25,2022-11-29,Unknown
13821,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream’s Priya Sharma on Why Compliance Officers Are Right to Focus on Data Management -… https://t.co/ZaLVK3a3Hh,nan,Clearstream’s Priya Sharma on Why Compliance Officers Are Right to Focus on Data Management -… https://t.co/ZaLVK3a3Hh,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.02,neutral,0.11,0.88,0.02,True,English,"['Priya Sharma', 'Compliance Officers', 'Data Management', 'Clearstream', 'ZaLVK3a3Hh', 'Priya Sharma', 'Compliance Officers', 'Data Management', 'Clearstream', 'ZaLVK3a3Hh']",2022-11-25,2022-11-29,Unknown
13827,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,"The best thing about a birthday are the congratulators. ""Vor 25 Jahren – Deutsche Börse führt Computerhandelssystem… https://t.co/NLrVgSxkIW",nan,"The best thing about a birthday are the congratulators. ""Vor 25 Jahren – Deutsche Börse führt Computerhandelssystem… https://t.co/NLrVgSxkIW",positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,positive,0.99,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'best thing', 'birthday', 'congratulators', '25 Jahren', 'Computerhandelssystem', 'NLrVgSxkIW', 'Deutsche Börse', 'best thing', 'birthday', 'congratulators', '25 Jahren', 'Computerhandelssystem', 'NLrVgSxkIW']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,Unknown
13828,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/markets/europe/tale-two-stock-markets-how-london-still-trumps-paris-investors-2022-11-28/,A tale of two stock markets: how London still trumps Paris for investors - Reuters,Paris' luxury-laden stock exchange is now worth more than London's. But although size matters  there are other indicators highlighting the UK capital's popularity with investors.,"LONDON  Nov 28 (Reuters) - Paris' luxury-laden stock exchange is now worth more than London's. But although size matters  there are other indicators highlighting the UK capital's popularity with investors.While the UK has seen a larger exodus from equity funds since 2020 than Paris  companies have raised more money in initial public offerings (IPOs) in London and more shares change hands in British markets every day.France's CAC All Shares index (.PAX) is now worth almost $3 trillion  making it Europe's largest stock market by value thanks to demand for its luxury-retailer blue chips. (.FRCG)London's FTSE All-Share index (.FTAS)  meanwhile  is worth $2.8 trillion  according to Refinitiv data.Reuters GraphicsFUND FLOWSSo far in 2022  funds investing in UK stocks have seen record outflows of 23 billion euros  according to Refinitiv Lipper  up from almost 18 billion euros last year and the 14.6 billion euros shed in 2016  when Britain voted to leave the European Union.Annual outflows from French equity funds are much smaller - at 2 billion euros this year.Reuters Graphics Reuters GraphicsIPO DESTINATIONBut London remains a much larger destination in terms of number and volume of initial public offerings  even with IPO volumes down 80% in Europe this year from last and more than 90% in the United States  according to Dealogic.After recording in 2021 its second strongest year for company listings since 2007  the London Stock Exchange has seen 41 debuts with a total deal value of 1.18 billion euros ($1.22 billion) so far in 2022  more than double the 474 million euros raised in 11 IPOs in Paris  according to Dealogic.Amsterdam - Europe's largest centre by average daily value traded according to CBOE data - has only seen two IPOs so far this year totalling 411 million euros  according to Euronext.Reuters GraphicsFREE FLOATIn a volatile stock-market environment  Paris can count on large privately held stakes in its companies to offer some stability.The average free-float of French large caps is around 70% and for smaller companies around 50%  according to Euronext  well below London where the average free float of the FTSE All-Share Index is almost 90% of total outstanding shares  according to Refinitiv.""For an institutional investor from an investability standpoint  the amount of free float that is still out there  the UK is still significantly bigger "" said Ben Laidler  global macro strategist at eToro.Indeed  Paris' three biggest shareholders are private investors: the Arnault family  who own half of LVMH - Europe's largest company by market capitalisation - the Hermes family and the French government. In comparison  the world's largest asset manager Blackrock leads the way in London.In terms of market activity  Amsterdam's average daily value traded was more than 10 billion euros in October  with London a close second at 9.4 billion - about the same as Paris and Frankfurt combined  according to the data from CBOE Global Markets.Reuters GraphicsBREXIT DISCOUNTUndermining London is the discount at which the FTSE All-Share index trades relative to world stocks (.MIWO00000PUS)  which since the Brexit referendum in 2016 has grown to near its largest since 1990  at 35% on a price-to-earnings metric.Reuters GraphicsDIVIDENDS AND PRICE RETURNSEnergy-heavy London wins big when it comes to dividends. In the third quarter  UK companies paid out $28.7 billion  more than seven times the total paid in France  according to Janus Henderson Investors' Global Dividend Index.London's FTSE All-Share has also delivered better returns to investors this year. Total annualised returns for the index are 2%  compared with returns of almost minus 6% for the CAC All Shares  according to Refinitiv data.FX MATTERSIt's also worth noting that currency comes into play when measuring the size of London's market against Paris' in dollar terms. Sterling has fallen around 11% against the U.S. dollar this year  while the euro has lost around 9%.($1 = 0.9658 euros)Reporting by Joice Alves  Vincent Flasseur and Samuel Indyk in London  additional reporting by Daniel Leussink in Tokyo and Huw Jones in London; Editing by Amanda Cooper and Kirsten DonovanOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.52,0.26,0.22,True,English,"['two stock markets', 'tale', 'London', 'Paris', 'investors', 'Reuters', ""Janus Henderson Investors' Global Dividend Index"", 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'large privately held stakes', 'CAC All Shares index', ""Paris' luxury-laden stock exchange"", 'global macro strategist', 'French large caps', 'initial public offerings', 'luxury-retailer blue chips', 'volatile stock-market environment', 'three biggest shareholders', 'CBOE Global Markets', 'FTSE All-Share index', 'second strongest year', 'largest asset manager', 'U.S. dollar', 'average daily value', 'total outstanding shares', 'London Stock Exchange', 'total deal value', 'largest stock market', 'average free float', 'Total annualised returns', 'French equity funds', 'average free-float', 'French government', 'British markets', 'largest centre', 'private investors', 'largest company', 'close second', 'Reuters Graphics', 'CBOE data', 'other indicators', 'larger exodus', 'FUND FLOWS', 'record outflows', 'European Union', 'Annual outflows', 'IPO DESTINATION', 'larger destination', 'IPO volumes', 'United States', 'company listings', 'institutional investor', 'investability standpoint', 'Ben Laidler', 'Arnault family', 'market capitalisation', 'Hermes family', 'market activity', 'Brexit referendum', 'earnings metric', 'third quarter', 'FX MATTERS', 'Joice Alves', 'Vincent Flasseur', 'Samuel Indyk', 'additional reporting', 'Daniel Leussink', 'Huw Jones', 'Amanda Cooper', 'Kirsten Donovan', '23 billion euros', '18 billion euros', '14.6 billion euros', '2 billion euros', '10 billion euros', 'dollar terms', 'Refinitiv Lipper', 'UK capital', 'UK stocks', 'Refinitiv data', 'smaller companies', 'BREXIT DISCOUNT', 'world stocks', '474 million euros', 'two IPOs', 'PRICE RETURNS', 'Energy-heavy London', 'UK companies', '0.9658 euros', '11 IPOs', 'size', 'popularity', 'money', 'hands', 'France', 'PAX', 'demand', 'FRCG', 'FTAS', 'Britain', 'number', 'last', 'Dealogic', '41 debuts', 'Amsterdam', 'Euronext', 'amount', 'eToro', 'half', 'LVMH', 'comparison', 'Blackrock', 'way', 'October', 'Frankfurt', 'DIVIDENDS', 'seven', 'minus', 'currency', 'play', 'Sterling', 'Tokyo', 'Editing', 'Standards']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,reuters.com
13829,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ipsos-sells-retail-performance-solution-164500385.html,Ipsos sells Retail Performance solution to RetailNext,Paris  28 November 2022 – Ipsos is pleased to announce the sale of Retail Performance  the people-counting and footfall solution  to RetailNext  a US-based...,IPSOSParis  28 November 2022 – Ipsos is pleased to announce the sale of Retail Performance  the people-counting and footfall solution  to RetailNext  a US-based specialist in retail services.With this agreement  Ipsos’ 40 Retail Performance employees in the United Kingdom and the Philippines will integrate RetailNext.Ipsos will also take a minority share in RetailNext  establishing a partnership to co-develop solutions in the global retail and consumer trends space. Ipsos’ clients will continue to access customer counting and footfall data through this partnership.“The sale of Retail Performance reflects our focus on our core research services  as announced in the 2022-2025 Growth plan”  said Ben Page  Global CEO of Ipsos.“Retail Performance is a leader in the footfall-tracking space  and we’re thrilled to be welcoming them into the family as we expand our mission in the UK and beyond”  said Alexei Agratchev  Co-Founder & CEO of RetailNext.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally  operating in 90 markets and employing over 18 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 business solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.“Game Changers” – our tagline – summarizes our ambition to help our 5 000 clients navigate with confidence our rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and the Mid-60 indexes and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FP wwwAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['Retail Performance solution', 'Ipsos', 'RetailNext', '2022-2025 Growth plan', 'largest market research', 'curious research professionals', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'social media monitoring', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Ipsos’ 40 Retail Performance employees', 'consumer trends space', 'core research services', 'retail services', 'footfall-tracking space', 'global retail', 'footfall solution', 'US-based specialist', 'United Kingdom', 'minority share', 'customer counting', 'footfall data', 'Ben Page', 'Alexei Agratchev', 'polling companies', 'true understanding', 'powerful insights', 'primary data', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'changing world', 'Mid-60 indexes', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', 'Global CEO', '75 business solutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'Ipsos’ clients', '5,000 clients', 'sale', 'people-counting', 'RetailNext', 'agreement', 'Philippines', 'partnership', 'focus', 'leader', 'family', 'mission', 'UK', 'Co-Founder', '90 markets', '18,000 people', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'patients', 'customers', 'surveys', 'qualitative', 'tagline', 'ambition', 'confidence', 'rapidly', 'France', 'July', 'company', 'SBF 120', 'SRD', 'Attachment']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13830,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/iba-regulated-information-164500049.html,IBA - Regulated Information,IBA SA - Regulated information November 28th 5:45 pm Publication made under article 15 of the law of May 2  2007 relating to the disclosure of major holdings...,"IBA SAIBA SA - Regulated informationNovember 28th 5:45 pmPublication made under article 15 of the law of May 2  2007 relating to the disclosure of major holdings in issuers whose shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and containing various provisions (Belgian Gazette 12.VI.2007 ) (hereinafter  the “Law”)Under this provision:""[...] the issuer publishes the total capital  the total number of securities conferring the right to vote and voting rights  as well as  by category  the number of securities conferring the right to vote and voting rights vote  at the latest at the end of each calendar month in which an increase or a decrease in these numbers occurred.On each publication referred to in the first paragraph  the issuer also mentions  if applicable  the total number of bonds convertible into securities conferring the right to vote and rights materialized or not by securities to the subscription of securities conferring the right to vote not yet issued  the total number of voting rights that would result from the exercise of these conversion or subscription rights and the total number of shares without voting rights. ""The following information are current as of November 09th  2022Nature of information Remark Amount of capital (EUR) 42.502.318 54 Securities with voting rights =(A) 30.282.218 This is the basis for calculating the 30% threshold provided in article 5 of the takeover law of April 1  2007 (Belgian Gazette 26.IV.2007) Shares with voting rights 30.282.218 Shares with loyalty voting right (section 28 of the articles of association) =(B) 8.120.827 Existing voting rights =[A-B+(B*2)] 38.403.045 This is the denominator under which must be calculated the quota of voting rights that can give rise to notification in accordance with article 6 of the Law Bonds convertible into shares (CB) 0 Voting rights that would result of CB conversion 0 Subscription rights (warrants) issued and exercisable 20.000 Voting rights that would result of warrant conversion 20.000 Statutory and legal thresholds (section 35 of the articles of association) 1%  2%  3%  4%  5%  7.5%  10%  15%  etc. par tranche de 5% These are the thresholds under which the crossing  whether upward or downward (including passive crossing)  gives rise to notification in accordance with section 6 or 18  §2  of the Law.Contact person for threshold crossing notifications: shareholderrelations@iba-group.com.Story continuesShares endowed with the right to vote in loyalty: registered shares recorded in the share register for at least two consecutive years in the name of their holder (section 28 of the articles of association  in accordance with section 7:53 of the Companies and Associations Code).Following the introduction of the loyalty voting right by decision of the general meeting of March 10  2020  the calculation method used by IBA to determine the number of shares with the loyalty voting right at any time is the LIFO method (last in  first out)  namely: for the same registered shareholder  the shares which the latter most recently acquired are the first shares which will be deducted from his “basket” of registered shares if he transfer shares thereafter.Statutory ceiling (section 7  paragraph 1  of the articles of association: “No shareholder may  with companies and persons related to him  participate in the voting at general meetings for a number of votes exceeding 35% of the votes attached to all of the shares with voting rights issued by the company”): currently 35% of 38.339.545  i.e. 13.418.840 8 votes.ISIN Code : Euronext Brussels BE0003766806About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the field of proton therapy  considered to be the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today. IBA is also a leading player in the fields of industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 1 800 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comFor further information  please contact:IBAMarie SiraultParalegal+32 491252480marie.sirault@iba-group.com______________________Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.56,0.34,0.1,True,English,"['Regulated Information', 'IBA', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'two consecutive years', 'particle accelerator technology', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'certified B Corporation', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'information Remark Amount', 'same registered shareholder', 'threshold crossing notifications', 'loyalty voting right', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'voting rights', 'Regulated information', 'major holdings', 'regulated market', 'various provisions', 'Belgian Gazette', 'calendar month', 'following information', 'par tranche', 'passive crossing', 'Contact person', 'share register', 'Associations Code', 'general meeting', 'calculation method', 'LIFO method', 'ISIN Code', 'world leader', 'leading supplier', 'proton therapy', 'advanced form', 'radiation therapy', 'leading player', 'industrial sterilization', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'More information', 'registered shares', 'subscription rights', 'total number', 'total capital', 'first paragraph', 'legal thresholds', 'Statutory ceiling', 'Euronext Brussels', 'takeover law', 'IBA SA', 'first shares', 'Marie Sirault', 'Law Bonds', 'CB conversion', '30% threshold', 'Publication', 'May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'securities', 'vote', 'category', 'increase', 'decrease', 'numbers', 'exercise', 'November', 'Nature', 'basis', 'April', 'section', 'articles', 'denominator', 'quota', 'rise', 'accordance', 'warrants', 'group', 'Story', 'name', 'Companies', 'introduction', 'decision', 'March', 'time', 'basket', 'persons', 'company', 'equipment', 'services', 'field', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', 'Belgium', '1,800 people', 'social', 'BB', 'Attachment', '38.']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13831,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/board-directors-pharnext-acknowledges-resignation-080000529.html,The Board of Directors of Pharnext Acknowledges the Resignation of Dr. David Horn SOLOMON from his Duties as Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company,"Pharnext SA (FR001400BV89 - ALPHA) (the ""Company"")  an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for...","PARIS  FRANCE / ACCESSWIRE / November 28  2022 / Pharnext SA (FR001400BV89 - ALPHA) (the ""Company"")  an advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases with high unmet medical need  today announces the resignation of Dr. David Horn SOLOMON from his duties as Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company.At the Board of Directors meeting held on November 27th  2022  Dr. David Horn SOLOMON presented his resignation  with immediate effect  from his duties as Chief Executive Officer and Director of Pharnext SA. The Board expressed its thanks to Dr. David Horn SOLOMON for his contributions.Effective November 27th  2022  Joshua SCHAFER will serve as interim CEO while retaining his role as Chairman of the Board  ensuring the continuity of the development of the Company and PXT3003  which is currently undergoing a pivotal Phase III clinical trial in patients with Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A  the PREMIER study  and whose results are expected by the end of 2023.Following the advice of its Compensation and Nomination Committee  the Board of Directors has chosen Dr. Jim KUO  currently Observer of the Company  to immediately succeed Dr. David Horn SOLOMON as Director.About PharnextPharnext is an advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapeutics for neurodegenerative diseases that currently lack curative and/or disease-modifying treatments. Pharnext has two lead products in clinical development. PXT3003 completed an international Phase III trial with positive topline results for the treatment of Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A (‘CMT1A') and benefits from orphan drug status in Europe and the United States. An international pivotal Phase III study of PXT3003 in CMT1A  the PREMIER trial  is currently ongoing. PXT864 has generated encouraging Phase II results in Alzheimer's disease and will be advanced through partnerships. Both of Pharnext's lead assets originated from the Pleotherapy™ R&D approach. Pharnext draws the attention of investors to the financial and other risk factors detailed in its financial reports. More information can be found at www.pharnext.com .Story continuesPharnext is listed on the Euronext Growth Stock Exchange in Paris (ISIN code: FR001400BV89).Contactscontact@pharnext.com+33 (0)1 41 09 22 30Media Relations (International)Consilium Strategic CommunicationsMary-Jane ElliottSukaina VirjiAlexandra Harrisonpharnext@consilium-comms.comFinancial Communication (Europe)ActifinGhislaine Gasparettoggasparetto@actifin.fr+33 (0)6 21 10 49 24Media Relations (France)Ulysse CommunicationBruno Arabianbarabian@ulysse-communication.com+33 (0)6 87 88 47 26+33 (0)1 81 70 96 30SOURCE: PharnextView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/728953/The-Board-of-Directors-of-Pharnext-Acknowledges-the-Resignation-of-Dr-David-Horn-SOLOMON-from-his-Duties-as-Chief-Executive-Officer-and-Director-of-the-Company",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.78,0.14,0.07,True,English,"['Dr. David Horn SOLOMON', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'The', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Pharnext', 'Resignation', 'Duties', 'Company', 'pivotal Phase III clinical trial', 'advanced late-clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'international pivotal Phase III study', 'international Phase III trial', 'high unmet medical need', 'Pleotherapy™ R&D approach', 'Euronext Growth Stock Exchange', 'Dr. David Horn SOLOMON', 'encouraging Phase II results', 'advanced clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'Dr. Jim KUO', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'orphan drug status', 'other risk factors', 'positive topline results', 'two lead products', 'Consilium Strategic Communications', 'Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type', 'PREMIER trial', 'PREMIER study', 'clinical development', 'lead assets', 'novel therapeutics', 'neurodegenerative diseases', 'immediate effect', 'Joshua SCHAFER', 'interim CEO', 'Nomination Committee', 'disease-modifying treatments', 'United States', 'More information', 'ISIN code', 'Media Relations', 'Mary-Jane Elliott', 'Sukaina Virji', 'Alexandra Harrison', 'Ghislaine Gasparetto', 'Bruno Arabian', 'financial reports', 'Ulysse Communication', 'source version', 'Financial Communication', 'Directors meeting', 'The Board', 'Pharnext SA', 'PARIS', 'FRANCE', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'November', 'FR001400BV89', 'ALPHA', 'resignation', 'duties', 'thanks', 'contributions', 'role', 'Chairman', 'continuity', 'PXT300', 'patients', 'end', 'advice', 'Compensation', 'Observer', 'curative', 'CMT1A', 'benefits', 'Europe', 'PXT864', 'Alzheimer', 'partnerships', 'attention', 'investors', 'Story', 'Contacts', 'Actifin', 'ggasparetto', 'barabian', 'Dr-David-Horn-SOLOMON', 'Chief-Executive-Officer', '1 81']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13832,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-nacon-2022-23-170100537.html,PRESS RELEASE: NACON: 2022-23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS,Press release Lesquin  28 November 2022  18:00hrs 2022-23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS UP 77.5 M€ SALES (+6.2%)11.1 M€ CURRENT OPERATING PROFIT (+31.4%)8.4 M€ NET...,NACONPress releaseLesquin  28 November 2022  18:00hrs2022-23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS UP77.5 M€ SALES (+6.2%)11.1 M€ CURRENT OPERATING PROFIT (+31.4%)8.4 M€ NET RESULT (+123.5%)2022-23 YEAR-END RESULTS EXPECTED TO GROWTHRIVING PUBLISHING ACTIVITY IN HY2 2022-23NACON (ISIN FR0013482791) today releases its audited consolidated results for 1st Half Year 2022-23 (from April 1  2022 to September 30  2022) as approved by its Board of directors on 28 November 2022.Consolidated in M€ - IFRS 09/2022 09/2021 Change Sales 77.5 73.0 +6.2% Gross margin (1)In % of SalesEBITDA (2)In % of Sales47.661.4%25.633.1%38.052.1%21.429.3% +25.1%+19.8% Current operating incomeEBITAIn % of SalesNon recurrent items11.114. 3%(1.3) 8.411.6%(4.0)+31.4%Operating incomeIn % of Sales9.812.7% 4.56.1% +119.2% Financial result 1.3 0.0Earnings before taxIn % of Sales11.114.3% 4.56.2% +145.2% Tax (2.6) (0.7) Net result for the periodIn % of Sales 8.410.9% 3.85.2% +123.5%Business and earnings growth driven by the Games businessIn the first half of 2022-23  Nacon posted revenues of 77.5 M€  up 6.2%  reflecting the growth of its games business. Over the period  this business generated revenues of 47.0 M€ (+72.3%). With the launch in HY1 of several iconic games such as Vampire: The Masquerade®- Swansong  SteelrisingTM and Session Skate SimTM  current catalogue sales more than doubled to 25.4 M€. Back catalogue sales (games released in previous years) also increased by 33.3% to 21.6 M€.Over the first half of the year  Accessories sales amounted to 28.5 M€  down 34.7%. This activity remains marked by a very high base effect  particularly in the USA  and by a sharp decline in the global market for headsets.Gross margin was 47.6 M€  or 61.4% of sales (52.1% in previous year). The product mix  with a lower relative weighting of Accessories (37% of total sales versus 60% in previous year) explains this increase in the gross margin rate.Story continuesCurrent operating income for the first half of the year rose by 31.4% to 11.1 M€  or 14.3% of sales. Net income amounted to 8.4 M€ (10.9% of sales in HY1 2022-23)  more than double the net income generated last year (3.8 M€ in HY1 2021-22).Strong financial structure and continued investment for growthAs of September 30  2022  shareholders' equity amounted to 241.5 M€  up 13.1 M€ compared to the end of March 2022. Cash and cash equivalents amounted to 38.1 M€ compared to 82.1 M€ at the end of March 2022  in line with the Group's determination to reinvest its cash flows in the development of its activities.To date  50 games are under development  representing CAPEX of more than 30 M€ over the first half of 2022-23. In addition  investments related to external growth transactions (acquisition of Daedalic in April 2022) amount to 34.1 M€ over the same period.Cash-flow for the first half of the year amounted to 27.5 M€  up 31% compared with the first half of 2021-22.With the acquisition of Daedalic and the increase in inventories due to the electronical components crisis  net debt stood at 63.6 M€ at September 30  2022  compared to 10.4 M€ at March 31 2022.Confidence reaffirmed in medium-term prospectsSustained publishing activity in the second half of 2022-23Released on November 3  WRC Generations recorded a slight increase in sales over the first three weeks compared with WRC10  which was released in the previous fiscal year.Many games in the catalogue  some of which were initially scheduled for release in the third quarter  will finally be released in the fourth quarter:Blood Bowl®3  a game similar to American soccer  set in a fantasy world  a new installment in the successful Blood Bowl franchise.Chef Life  in partnership with the Michelin Guide.Clash  in the very dynamic fighting game segment.Transport Fever 2 Console Edition  on PlayStation®4  PlayStation®5  Xbox®One and Xbox®Series.NACON now anticipates sales and current operating income for 2022-23 to be slightly up on the previous fiscal year with the delayed release of several major games  a decline in the Accessories business and tensions in the supply of new consoles.Strong growth expected in 2023-24  driven by current investmentsIn FY 2023-24  NACON will continue to pursue a sustained and varied publishing activity. The 2022-23 releases will feed the 2023-24 back catalogue and will mechanically accelerate growth.The highly anticipated release of The Lord of the Rings GollumTM  an emblematic character from the world of J.R.R. Tolkien from the novel The Lord of the Rings  is now scheduled for HY1 2023-24.Next event:Q2 2022-2023 sales  23 January 2023 Press release after close of the Euronext Paris stock exchange2021-22 ANNUAL SALES155.9 M€HEADCOUNTOver 900 employeesINTERNATIONAL23 subsidiaries and a distribution network across 100 countrieshttps://corporate.nacongaming.com/ NACON is a company of the BIGBEN Group founded in 2019 to optimize its know-how through strong synergies in the video game market. By bringing together its 16 development studios  the publishing of AA video games  the design and distribution of premium gaming devices  NACON focuses 30 years of expertise at the service of players. This new unified business unit strengthens NACON's position in the market  enables it to innovate by creating new unique competitive advantages.Company listed on Euronext Paris  compartment BISIN : FR0013482791 ; Reuters : NACON.PA ; Bloomberg : NACON:FPPRESS CONTACTCap Value – Gilles Broquelet gbroquelet@capvalue.fr - +33 1 80 81 50 01LEXICONBACK CATALOGUE: games released in previous yearsGROSS MARGIN: Sales - Cost of goods sold; other operating revenues posted between Gross Margin and EBITDAEBITDA: Current operating income before depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible assetsCOI RATE: Operating income before non-recurring items as a percentage of salesCAPEX: Intangible assets excluding rights of use / rental rights capitalized in accordance with IFRS 16Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.53,0.11,0.37,True,English,"['PRESS RELEASE', '23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS', 'NACON', 'Transport Fever 2 Console Edition', 'J.R.R. Tolkien', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'The Masquerade®- Swansong', 'dynamic fighting game segment', 'successful Blood Bowl franchise', 'Non recurrent items', 'Session Skate SimTM', 'high base effect', 'lower relative weighting', 'electronical components crisis', '2023-24 back catalogue', 'first three weeks', 'several iconic games', 'Strong financial structure', 'several major games', 'THRIVING PUBLISHING ACTIVITY', 'varied publishing activity', 'Current operating income', '2022-23 YEAR-END RESULTS', 'gross margin rate', 'external growth transactions', 'previous fiscal year', '1st Half Year', 'Back catalogue sales', 'current catalogue sales', 'The Lord', 'OPERATING PROFIT', 'Net income', '2022-23 releases', 'previous years', 'HALF-YEAR RESULTS', 'consolidated results', 'current investments', 'first half', 'Financial result', 'Strong growth', 'second half', 'global market', 'product mix', 'continued investment', ""shareholders' equity"", 'net debt', 'medium-term prospects', 'WRC Generations', 'Many games', 'third quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'American soccer', 'new installment', 'Chef Life', 'Michelin Guide', 'Xbox®One', 'Xbox®Series', 'new consoles', 'emblematic character', 'Next event', 'Over 900 employees', 'distribution network', 'Net result', 'cash equivalents', 'cash flows', 'Games business', 'sharp decline', 'fantasy world', 'Rings GollumTM', 'BIGBEN Group', 'Change Sales', 'total sales', 'Press release', 'same period', 'slight increase', 'Accessories business', 'earnings growth', 'Accessories sales', '50 games', 'NACON', 'Lesquin', '28 November', '18:00hrs', '1 M', '4 M', 'HY2', 'April', 'September', 'Board', 'directors', 'M€', 'IFRS', 'EBITDA', 'EBITA', 'tax', 'revenues', '77.5 M', '47.0 M', 'launch', 'HY1', 'Vampire', 'SteelrisingTM', '21.6 M', 'USA', 'headsets', '47.6 M', 'Story', '241.5 M', 'March', 'determination', 'development', 'activities', 'CAPEX', '30 M', 'addition', 'acquisition', 'Daedalic', 'Cash-flow', '27.5 M', 'inventories', '63.6 M', 'Confidence', 'WRC10', 'partnership', 'Clash', 'PlayStation®', 'tensions', 'supply', 'FY', 'sustained', 'novel', 'Q2', '23 January', 'close', 'HEADCOUNT', 'INTERNATIONAL', '23 subsidiaries', '100 countries', 'company', '28.5']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13833,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/share-repurchase-program-kbc-ancora-164000197.html,Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 25 November 2022,Regulated information  inside information  Leuven  28 November 2022 (17:40 CET) Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 25 November 2022 As part ...,KBC AncoraRegulated information  inside information  Leuven  28 November 2022 (17:40 CET)Update on share repurchase program KBC Ancora until 25 November 2022As part of the EUR 50 million share repurchase program  as confirmed on 20 May 2022  KBC Ancora has announced that it bought back a total of 24 500 shares in the period from 21 November 2022 to 25 November 2022.The following transactions were carried out during the period in question:Transaction date Number of shares Average price (EUR) Lowest price (EUR) Highest price (EUR) Total amount (EUR) Mon 21 November 2022 7 000 38.37 38.16 38.72 268 596.30 Tue 22 November 2022 6 000 38.79 38.22 38.98 232 728.60 Wed 23 November 2022 4 500 39.01 38.78 39.10 175 535.55 Thu 24 November 2022 3 000 39.31 39.18 39.48 117 944.70 Fri 25 November 2022 4 000 39.52 39.34 36.62 158 063.20 TOTAL(period concerned) 24 500 38.89 38.16 39.48 952 868.35 TOTAL (overall repurchase program) 811 238 35.04 31.68 39.48 28 429 017.61All transactions were carried out in the central order book of Euronext Brussels.Since the start of the share repurchase program on 10 June 2022  KBC Ancora has bought back 811 238 of its own shares  or 1.04% of the total number of shares issued (i.e. 78 301 314)  for an average price of 35.04 euros per share and for a total amount of 28 429 018 euros. KBC Ancora has currently implemented 56.86% of the repurchase program.The repurchase program runs within the limits of the share repurchase authorization granted by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on 30 October 2020.---------------------------------KBC Ancora is a listed company that holds 18.6% of the shares in KBC Group. Together with Cera  MRBB and the Other Permanent Shareholders  it ensures shareholder stability and the ongoing development of the KBC Group. As core shareholders of KBC Group  they have concluded a shareholders’ agreement to this end.Financial calendar:27 January 2023 Interim financial report (1H)1 September 2023 Annual press release for the financial year 2022/202327 October 2023 Annual General Meeting of ShareholdersStory continuesThis press release is available in Dutch  French and English on the website www.kbcancora.be.KBC Ancora Investor Relations & Press contact: Jan BergmansTel. +32 (0)16 27 96 72email: jan.bergmans@kbcancora.be or mailbox@kbcancora.beAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,True,English,"['share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora', 'Update', '25 November', 'EUR 50 million share repurchase program', 'KBC Ancora Investor Relations', 'central order book', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'share repurchase authorization', 'Interim financial report', 'Annual press release', 'Other Permanent Shareholders', 'Financial calendar', 'financial year', 'Press contact', 'KBC Group', 'Transaction date', 'Average price', 'Lowest price', 'Highest price', 'Euronext Brussels', 'listed company', 'shareholder stability', 'ongoing development', 'core shareholders', 'shareholders’ agreement', 'Total amount', 'Regulated information', 'following transactions', 'total number', 'Jan Bergmans', 'Leuven', '28 November', 'Update', '25 November', 'part', '20 May', '24,500 shares', 'period', '21 November', 'question', 'Mon', 'Tue', 'Wed', '23 November', 'start', '10 June', '35.04 euros', '018 euros', 'limits', '30 October', 'Cera', 'MRBB', '27 January', '1 September', '27 October', 'Story', 'Dutch', 'French', 'English', 'website', 'Tel.', 'email', 'kbcancora', 'Attachment']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13834,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stmicroelectronics-announces-status-common-share-153000428.html,STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase Program Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Nov 21  2022 to Nov 25  2022...,STMicroelectronics N.V.STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Nov 21  2022 to Nov 25  2022AMSTERDAM – November 28  2022 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the “Company” or “STMicroelectronics”)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the “Program”) disclosed via a press release dated July 1  2021. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 27  2021 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) (Ticker: “STM”) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between Nov 21  2022 to Nov 25  2022 (the “Period”)  of 110 645 ordinary shares (equal to 0.01% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 37.0375 and for an overall price of EUR 4 098 009.96.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from share option programmes  or other allocations of shares  to employees or to members of the administrative  management or supervisory bodies of the issuer or of an associate company.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STM (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 21-Nov-22 22 593 36.9914 835 746.70 XPAR 22-Nov-22 22 610 36.7244 830 338.68 XPAR 23-Nov-22 22 216 36.8883 819 510.47 XPAR 24-Nov-22 21 646 37.3677 808 861.23 XPAR 25-Nov-22 21 580 37.2360 803 552.88 XPAR Total for Period 110 645 37.0375 4 098 009.96Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 6 991 558 treasury shares  which represents approximately 0.8% of the Company’s issued share capital.Story continuesIn accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are 48 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and connectivity. ST is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: + 33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.08,0.92,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Status', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'share option programmes', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'other lawful purpose', 'overall price', 'other allocations', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'press release', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'administrative, management', 'supervisory bodies', 'repurchase transactions', 'detailed form', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Total amount', 'Own Shares', '110,645 ordinary shares', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'Alexis Breton', 'Further information', 'associate company', 'Period Dates', '6,991,558 treasury shares', 'XPAR Total', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'Nov', 'AMSTERDAM', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'May', 'number', 'Ticker', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'employees', 'members', 'issuer', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'Story', 'accordance', 'bond', '48,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'Internet', 'Things', 'connectivity', 'Tel', 'Attachment']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13835,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/inventiva-secures-patent-expanding-ip-210000346.html,Inventiva secures a new patent expanding the IP protection of its lead product candidate lanifibranor in the US,New patent granted in the United States by the USPTO covers the use of lanifibranor for the potential treatment of cirrhotic patients at risk of progressing ...,INVENTIVANew patent granted in the United States by the USPTO covers the use of lanifibranor for the potential treatment of cirrhotic patients at risk of progressing from compensated stage to decompensated stageThis patent strengthens and expands the intellectual property protection of lanifibranor in the United States particularly for use for patients with cirrhotic NASHDaix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  November 28  2022 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (“NASH”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today announced that the United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”) granted a patent (U.S. Patent No. 11 504 380) that protects the use of lanifibranor for the treatment of cirrhotic patients at risk of progressing from compensated stage to decompensated stage. This patent will expire on November 8  2039.This new patent further strengthens Inventiva’s patent portfolio for lanifibranor  the Company’s lead product candidate  in the United States  which already comprised patents protecting the use of lanifibranor to treat several diseases including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and fibrotic diseases. This patent further expands the intellectual property protection of lanifibranor in the United States for use in patients with cirrhotic NASH.Pierre Broqua  Ph.D.  Chief Scientific Officer and cofounder of Inventiva  stated: “This new patent is an important milestone in the strategic development of lanifibranor for the treatment of a broad range of fibrotic diseases  particularly NASH. Inventiva is grounded in R&D and we believe this supports the innovative approach that we are pursuing in addressing unmet medical needs and more specifically in developing treatments for patients suffering from pre-cirrhotic and cirrhotic NASH.”Story continuesAbout lanifibranorLanifibranor  Inventiva’s lead product candidate  is an orally-available small molecule that acts to induce anti-fibrotic  anti-inflammatory and beneficial vascular and metabolic changes in the body by activating all three peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (“PPAR”) isoforms  which are well-characterized nuclear receptor proteins that regulate gene expression. Lanifibranor is a PPAR agonist that is designed to target all three PPAR isoforms in a moderately potent manner  with a well-balanced activation of PPARα and PPARδ  and a partial activation of PPARγ. While there are other PPAR agonists that target only one or two PPAR isoforms for activation  lanifibranor is the most-advanced pan-PPAR agonist in clinical development for the treatment of NASH. Inventiva believes that lanifibranor’s moderate and balanced pan-PPAR binding profile contributes to the favorable tolerability profile that has been observed in clinical trials and pre-clinical studies to date. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) has granted Breakthrough Therapy and Fast Track designation to lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH.About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH  mucopolysaccharidoses (MPS) and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 80 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment C of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA).www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Matthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513 1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH  potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits of lanifibranor  the benefit of having received the FDA’s Breakthrough Therapy and Fast Track designation for lanifibranor in the treatment of NASH or the impact thereof on Inventiva’s ability to obtain regulatory approval  pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects of Inventiva. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “plans”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “aim”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Future events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the current COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation and uncertain financial markets. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 11  2022  the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11  2022 and the financial report for the first half of 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 22  2022 for additional information in relation to such factors  risks and uncertainties.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.29,0.34,True,English,"['lead product candidate lanifibranor', 'new patent', 'IP protection', 'Inventiva', 'US', 'pivotal Phase III clinical trial', 'progressive chronic liver disease', 'Hippo signaling pathway program', 'significant unmet medical need', 'three peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor', 'The U.S. Food', 'U.S. Patent No', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'balanced pan-PPAR binding profile', 'adult MPS VI patients', 'unmet medical needs', 'favorable tolerability profile', 'intellectual property protection', 'Long Island City', 'nuclear receptor proteins', 'Fast Track designation', 'two preclinical programs', '240,000 pharmacologically relevant molecules', 'lead product candidate', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'three PPAR isoforms', 'oncology development candidate', 'one clinical candidate', 'other PPAR agonists', 'other development opportunities', 'two PPAR isoforms', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'United States Patent', 'pan-PPAR agonist', 'drug candidate', 'balanced activation', 'adult patients', 'clinical trials', 'clinical efforts', 'other diseases', 'nuclear receptors', 'scientific team', 'clinical development', 'The Company', 'New York', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'Trademark Office', 'several diseases', 'fibrotic diseases', 'Pierre Broqua', 'Ph.D.', 'important milestone', 'broad range', 'R&D', 'innovative approach', 'anti-fibrotic, anti-inflammatory', 'beneficial vascular', 'metabolic changes', 'gene expression', 'potent manner', 'pre-clinical studies', 'Drug Administration', 'Breakthrough Therapy', 'strong expertise', 'transcription factors', 'epigenetic modulation', 'available options', 'deep expertise', 'computational chemistry', 'extensive library', 'compartment C', 'New patent', 'patent portfolio', 'public company', 'strategic development', 'development facility', 'partial activation', 'cirrhotic patients', 'cirrhotic NASH', 'potential treatment', 'PPARα', 'PPARδ', 'PPARγ', 'NASH.', 'INVENTIVA', 'USPTO', 'use', 'lanifibranor', 'risk', 'Daix', 'France', 'November', 'patents', 'cofounder', 'treatments', 'Story', 'body', 'advanced', 'moderate', 'FDA', 'research', 'mucopolysaccharidoses', 'experience', 'domain', 'compounds', 'pipeline', 'NATiV', 'common', 'odiparcil', 'decision', 'respect', 'process', '80 people', 'fields', 'biology', 'medicinal', 'pharmacokinetics', 'pharmacology', 'ISIN']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13836,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-biocartis-group-nv-164500202.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Expected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification,PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION 28 November 2022  17:45 CET Expected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification Capitalised terms not otherwise...,"PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION28 November 2022  17:45 CETExpected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder NotificationCapitalised terms not otherwise defined in this notice shall have the meaning given to them in the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds.Mechelen  Belgium  28 November 2022 – This announcement constitutes a notice (the “Expected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification”) in accordance with  respectively  Condition 5(m)(v) of the terms and conditions of the 4.00% convertible bonds due 2024/2027 (the ""Existing Convertible Bonds"") and Condition 6(b)(v) of the terms and conditions of the 4.50% new second lien secured convertible bonds due 2024/2026 (the ""New Convertible Bonds"") (together  the ""Terms and Conditions of the Bonds"") issued by Biocartis Group NV (the ""Company"" or ""Biocartis"")  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART).The Company today announces  that based on the information available to the Company as of the date of this announcement  the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date (as such term is defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds) is expected to occur on 2 December 2022 (the “Expected Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date”).If the Expected Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date does not occur on 2 December 2022  or the Company obtains information that the Expected Recapitalisation Transaction Completion Date will occur on a later date  the Company will inform the Bondholders thereof by way of press release and a new Expected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification.In accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds  the occurrence of the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date will result in a number of consequences for the holders of the Existing Convertible Bonds and/or the New Convertible Bonds  including (but not limited to):the automatic extension of the Final Maturity Dates of such Bonds to 9 November 2026 (in the case of the New Convertible Bonds) and 9 November 2027 (in the case of the Existing Convertible Bonds);the start of the Bondholder Conversion Option Period for the New Convertible Bonds; andthe Mandatory Conversion of 10% of the principal amount outstanding under each of the Existing Convertible Bonds and the New Convertible Bonds.Story continuesThe aforementioned Mandatory Conversion will occur 10 Brussels business days after the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date. If the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date occurs on 2 December 2022 (as expected) the Mandatory Conversion Date (in the case of the New Convertible Bonds) and the Conversion Date (in the case of the Existing Convertible Bonds) (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds) would be Friday  16 December 2022.The Bondholders are reminded that  in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds  the Bondholders will be required to complete certain formalities in order to obtain delivery of the shares issued pursuant to the aforementioned Mandatory Conversion. If the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date occurs on 2 December 2022 (as expected) the Cut-Off Date for completing such formalities would be Friday  9 December 2022. Failure to comply with the formalities by the applicable deadlines will result in the relevant shares being sold by the Share Settlement Agent and the proceeds (if any  after deducting a.o. the costs of such procedure) being distributed rateably to the relevant Bondholders. In view thereof  the Company encourages the Bondholders that have not yet been in contact with the Company in the context of the Recapitalisation Transactions to contact the Company urgently. Upon occurrence of the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date  the Company will in its Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification provide further details on the exact formalities the Bondholders will need to comply with.The Terms and Conditions of the Bonds can be consulted  subject to applicable legal restrictions  on https://investors.biocartis.com/en/convertible-bonds .--- END ---More information:Renate DegraveHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Important informationThis announcement is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation 2017/1129  as amended (together with any applicable implementing measures in any Member State of the European Economic Area  the “Prospectus Regulation”) or the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by The Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (each as amended) (the ""UK Prospectus Regulation"").THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND DOES NOT FORM PART OF ANY OFFER TO SELL OR PURCHASE  OR THE SOLICITATION OF ANY OFFER TO SELL OR PURCHASE  ANY NEW BONDS  OUTSTANDING BONDS OR OTHER SECURITIES. THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT AND THE OFFER  SALE AND PURCHASE OF THE NEW BONDS  NEW TERM LOANS OR THE OUTSTANDING BONDS DESCRIBED IN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS MAY BE RESTRICTED BY LAW. ANY PERSONS READING THIS ANNOUNCEMENT SHOULD INFORM THEMSELVES OF AND OBSERVE ANY SUCH RESTRICTIONS.There shall be no offer  solicitation  sale or purchase or exchange of the Existing Convertible Bonds or the New Convertible Bonds in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation  sale  or purchase would be unlawful prior to registration  exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended from time to time (the ""U.S. Securities Act"") or the securities laws of any state of the United States  and may not be offered or sold in the United States unless these securities are registered under the U.S. Securities Act  or an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act is available.Biocartis has not registered  and does not intend to register  any portion of the offering of the securities concerned in the United States  and does not intend to conduct a public offering of securities in the United States. This communication is only addressed to and directed at persons in member states of the European Economic Area (each a ""Member States"") and in the United Kingdom who are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and of the UK Prospectus Regulation  respectively (""Qualified Investors""). This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order"") or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. This announcement cannot be used as a basis for any investment agreement or decision. Biocartis is not liable if the aforementioned restrictions are not complied with by any person.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Press release', '4.50% new second lien secured convertible bonds', 'new Expected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification', 'Expected Recapitalisation Transaction Completion Date', 'Expected Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date', 'Bondholder Conversion Option Period', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'Mandatory Conversion Date', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'Final Maturity Dates', 'Share Settlement Agent', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'fastest growing segment', 'New Convertible Bonds', 'applicable legal restrictions', 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'Existing Convertible Bonds', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'accurate molecular information', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'later date', 'Cut-Off Date', '4.00% convertible bonds', 'molecular testing', 'applicable deadlines', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'automatic extension', 'principal amount', 'Brussels business', 'Renate Degrave', 'Corporate Communications', 'Investor Relations', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'More information', 'relevant shares', 'universal access', 'exact formalities', 'relevant Bondholders', 'Capitalised terms', 'November', 'CET', 'notice', 'meaning', 'Conditions', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'announcement', 'accordance', 'BCART', '2 December', 'way', 'number', 'consequences', 'case', 'start', 'Story', 'Friday', 'order', 'delivery', 'Failure', 'proceeds', 'costs', 'procedure', 'view', 'contact', 'context', 'details', 'investors', 'convertible-bonds', 'Head', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'lab', 'result', 'system', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colore', '28']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13837,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000338.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 25 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6666 £ 24.2912 Estimated MTD return -1.59 % -1.49 % Estimated YTD return -5.25 % -4.01 % Estimated ITD return 176.67 % 142.91 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.04 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.67 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.7670 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.5702The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'United States', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13838,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/irish/aryzta-posts-revenue-growth-despite-significant-inflationary-pressures-42178542.html,Aryzta posts revenue growth despite 'significant inflationary pressures’,Aryzta saw sales rise by 19.8pc in the first quarter of its financial year despite ongoing &ldquo;significant&rdquo; inflationary challenges.,Aryzta saw sales rise by 19.8pc in the first quarter of its financial year despite ongoing “significant” inflationary challenges.The Swiss Irish food group reported revenues of €509.1m in the period  with the company achieving 22pc organic growth.This increase was largely attributed to an 18.1pc increase in pricing to combat inflation.The Zurich-based company recorded “solid” volume growth  up 4.1pc compared to the same period last year.Organic revenue growth in the group’s Europe division was up 22.1pc driven by “very strong price growth” of 19.7pc.European growth was attributed to a double-digit revenue growth of its food service business  particularly in France. Sales also rose across Aryzta’s retail and quick service restaurant divisions.Other markets outside Europe saw revenues rise by over 21pc.The group  which delisted from Euronext Dublin last year  expects to deliver a profit in its 2023 financial year.Aryzta also anticipates a strong performance in the second half of the year  but added it has taken account of risks around inflationary challenges and “the highly uncertain macro-economic environment”.“Bakery  especially bake-off demand remains solid in most of our markets despite the significant inflation driven price increases ” interim chief executive and chair Urs Jordi said.He added that the group is not seeing any reduction in inflationary pressures  with more price increases now expected.“The persistent high level of cost inflation is such that further pricing will have to follow ” he added.,neutral,0.04,0.56,0.4,mixed,0.26,0.08,0.66,True,English,"['significant inflationary pressures', 'revenue growth', 'Aryzta', 'quick service restaurant divisions', 'Swiss Irish food group', 'food service business', 'uncertain macro-economic environment', 'interim chief executive', 'persistent high level', '22pc organic growth', 'solid” volume growth', 'Organic revenue growth', 'double-digit revenue growth', 'strong price growth', 'significant” inflationary challenges', 'The Zurich-based company', 'European growth', 'strong performance', 'price increases', 'inflationary pressures', 'significant inflation', 'first quarter', 'Euronext Dublin', 'second half', 'bake-off demand', 'Urs Jordi', 'financial year', 'cost inflation', 'sales rise', '18.1pc increase', 'same period', 'Europe division', 'Other markets', 'Aryzta', '19.8pc', 'revenues', 'pricing', '19.7pc', 'France', 'retail', '21pc', 'profit', 'account', 'risks', 'Bakery', 'chair', 'reduction']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,independent.ie
13839,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/28/2563389/0/en/ASM-UPDATES-Q4-GUIDANCE.html,ASM UPDATES Q4 GUIDANCE,Almere  The Netherlands November 28  2022  5:45 p.m. CET                                                          ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today provides an update on the expected impact of the recently announced US export restriction …,Almere  The NetherlandsNovember 28  2022  5:45 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today provides an update on the expected impact of the recently announced US export restriction as well as an update on the guidance for Q4 2022.On October 25  2022  we reported that the export regulations that were issued by the US government on October 7  2022  had an expected negative impact on 40% or more of our sales to China  based on a conservative scenario (and with equipment sales in China accounting for 16% of our total revenue in the first nine months of 2022). Following extensive clarifications and subsequent internal reviews  we now expect that the recently announced US export restrictions will negatively impact our China sales between 15-25%.As a result of somewhat higher sales to China  combined with a slightly higher than expected conversion of backlog into shipments in other regions  we now project Q4 2022 sales of €630-660 million  up from €600-630 million previously expected.On October 25  we also announced that we had reduced our Q3 2022 backlog as a result of the export restrictions which were announced on October 7  2022. We now expect to rebook part of these tool orders in Q4 2022 and in early 2023  depending on the outcome of discussions with customers. In part driven by these rebookings  and also supported by continued healthy demand in the logic/foundry  and power/analog segments  and including LPE  we expect the book-to-bill in Q4 2022 to be a bit above 1.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.comCautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.CONTACT,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.04,0.76,True,English,"['ASM UPDATES', 'Q4 GUIDANCE', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'first nine months', 'subsequent internal reviews', 'US export restriction', 'export restrictions', 'market acceptance', 'US government', 'export regulations', 'expected impact', 'negative impact', 'conservative scenario', 'total revenue', 'extensive clarifications', 'other regions', 'tool orders', 'healthy demand', 'power/analog segments', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'new products', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'financial statements', 'future developments', 'higher sales', 'The Netherlands', 'Q3 2022 backlog', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'The Company', 'equipment sales', 'China sales', 'Q4 2022 sales', 'Almere', 'CET', 'update', 'guidance', 'October', 'conversion', 'shipments', 'part', 'early', 'outcome', 'discussions', 'customers', 'rebookings', 'logic/foundry', 'LPE', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'information', 'website', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'success', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'shareholders', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'meaning', 'Article', 'CONTACT', '5:45']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13840,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/28/2563524/0/en/Inventiva-secures-a-new-patent-expanding-the-IP-protection-of-its-lead-product-candidate-lanifibranor-in-the-US.html,Inventiva secures a new patent expanding the IP protection of its lead product candidate lanifibranor in the US,Daix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  November 28  2022 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment…,English FrenchNew patent granted in the United States by the USPTO covers the use of lanifibranor for the potential treatment of cirrhotic patients at risk of progressing from compensated stage to decompensated stageThis patent strengthens and expands the intellectual property protection of lanifibranor in the United States particularly for use for patients with cirrhotic NASHDaix (France)  Long Island City (New York  United States)  November 28  2022 – Inventiva (Euronext Paris and Nasdaq: IVA) (the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (“NASH”) and other diseases with significant unmet medical needs  today announced that the United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”) granted a patent (U.S. Patent No. 11 504 380) that protects the use of lanifibranor for the treatment of cirrhotic patients at risk of progressing from compensated stage to decompensated stage. This patent will expire on November 8  2039.This new patent further strengthens Inventiva’s patent portfolio for lanifibranor  the Company’s lead product candidate  in the United States  which already comprised patents protecting the use of lanifibranor to treat several diseases including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and fibrotic diseases. This patent further expands the intellectual property protection of lanifibranor in the United States for use in patients with cirrhotic NASH.Pierre Broqua  Ph.D.  Chief Scientific Officer and cofounder of Inventiva  stated: “This new patent is an important milestone in the strategic development of lanifibranor for the treatment of a broad range of fibrotic diseases  particularly NASH. Inventiva is grounded in R&D and we believe this supports the innovative approach that we are pursuing in addressing unmet medical needs and more specifically in developing treatments for patients suffering from pre-cirrhotic and cirrhotic NASH.”About lanifibranorLanifibranor  Inventiva’s lead product candidate  is an orally-available small molecule that acts to induce anti-fibrotic  anti-inflammatory and beneficial vascular and metabolic changes in the body by activating all three peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (“PPAR”) isoforms  which are well-characterized nuclear receptor proteins that regulate gene expression. Lanifibranor is a PPAR agonist that is designed to target all three PPAR isoforms in a moderately potent manner  with a well-balanced activation of PPARα and PPARδ  and a partial activation of PPARγ. While there are other PPAR agonists that target only one or two PPAR isoforms for activation  lanifibranor is the most-advanced pan-PPAR agonist in clinical development for the treatment of NASH. Inventiva believes that lanifibranor’s moderate and balanced pan-PPAR binding profile contributes to the favorable tolerability profile that has been observed in clinical trials and pre-clinical studies to date. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) has granted Breakthrough Therapy and Fast Track designation to lanifibranor for the treatment of NASH.About InventivaInventiva is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the research and development of oral small molecule therapies for the treatment of patients with NASH  mucopolysaccharidoses (MPS) and other diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company benefits from a strong expertise and experience in the domain of compounds targeting nuclear receptors  transcription factors and epigenetic modulation. Inventiva is currently advancing one clinical candidate  has a pipeline of two preclinical programs and continues to explore other development opportunities to add to its pipeline.Inventiva’s lead product candidate  lanifibranor  is currently in a pivotal Phase III clinical trial  NATiV3  for the treatment of adult patients with NASH  a common and progressive chronic liver disease for which there are currently no approved therapies.Inventiva’s pipeline also includes odiparcil  a drug candidate for the treatment of adult MPS VI patients. As part of Inventiva’s decision to focus clinical efforts on the development of lanifibranor  it suspended its clinical efforts relating to odiparcil and is reviewing available options with respect to its potential further development. Inventiva is also in the process of selecting an oncology development candidate for its Hippo signaling pathway program.The Company has a scientific team of approximately 80 people with deep expertise in the fields of biology  medicinal and computational chemistry  pharmacokinetics and pharmacology  and clinical development. It owns an extensive library of approximately 240 000 pharmacologically relevant molecules  approximately 60% of which are proprietary  as well as a wholly-owned research and development facility.Inventiva is a public company listed on compartment C of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (ticker: IVA  ISIN: FR0013233012) and on the Nasdaq Global Market in the United States (ticker: IVA).www.inventivapharma.comContactsInventivaPascaline ClercVP of Global External Affairsmedia@inventivapharma.com+1 240 620 9175 Brunswick GroupTristan Roquet Montegon /Aude Lepreux /Matthieu BenoistMedia relationsinventiva@brunswickgroup.com+33 1 53 96 83 83 Westwicke  an ICR CompanyPatricia L. BankInvestor relationspatti.bank@westwicke.com+1 415 513 1284Important NoticeThis press release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements  other than statements of historical facts  included in this press release are forward-looking statements. These statements include  but are not limited to  forecasts and estimates with respect to Inventiva’s pre-clinical programs and clinical trials  including the NATiV3 Phase III clinical trial with lanifibranor in NASH  potential development of and regulatory pathway for odiparcil  the information  insights and impacts that may be gathered from clinical trials  the potential therapeutic benefits of lanifibranor  the benefit of having received the FDA’s Breakthrough Therapy and Fast Track designation for lanifibranor in the treatment of NASH or the impact thereof on Inventiva’s ability to obtain regulatory approval  pipeline and preclinical and clinical development plans  future activities  expectations  plans  growth and prospects of Inventiva. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will”  “would”  “could”  “might”  “should”  “plans”  “designed”  “hopefully”  “target”  “aim”  and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements are not historical facts but rather are statements of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs. These statements reflect such views and assumptions prevailing as of the date of the statements and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause future results  performance or future events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Future events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond Inventiva's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the clinical trial results will be available on their anticipated timeline  that future clinical trials will be initiated as anticipated  that product candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals  or that any of the anticipated milestones by Inventiva or its partners will be reached on their expected timeline  or at all. Actual results may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates  due to a number of factors  including that Inventiva is a clinical-stage company with no approved products and no historical product revenues  Inventiva has incurred significant losses since inception  Inventiva has a limited operating history and has never generated any revenue from product sales  Inventiva will require additional capital to finance its operations  Inventiva's future success is dependent on the successful clinical development  regulatory approval and subsequent commercialization of current and any future product candidates  preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results and the results of Inventiva's clinical trials may not support Inventiva's product candidate claims  Inventiva may encounter substantial delays in its clinical trials or Inventiva may fail to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of applicable regulatory authorities  enrolment and retention of patients in clinical trials is an expensive and time-consuming process and could be made more difficult or rendered impossible by multiple factors outside Inventiva's control  Inventiva's product candidates may cause adverse drug reactions or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval  or limit their commercial potential  Inventiva faces substantial competition and Inventiva’s business  and preclinical studies and clinical development programs and timelines  its financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the current COVID-19 pandemic and geopolitical events  such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine  related sanctions and related impacts and potential impacts on the initiation  enrolment and completion of Inventiva’s clinical trials on anticipated timelines  and macroeconomic conditions  including global inflation and uncertain financial markets. Given these risks and uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.Please refer to the Universal Registration Document for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers on March 11  2022  the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 11  2022 and the financial report for the first half of 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 22  2022 for additional information in relation to such factors  risks and uncertainties.All information in this press release is as of the date of the release. Except as required by law  Inventiva has no intention and is under no obligation to update or review the forward-looking statements referred to above.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.3,0.45,True,English,"['lead product candidate lanifibranor', 'new patent', 'IP protection', 'Inventiva', 'US', 'pivotal Phase III clinical trial', 'progressive chronic liver disease', 'Hippo signaling pathway program', 'significant unmet medical need', 'three peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor', 'The U.S. Food', 'balanced pan-PPAR binding profile', 'U.S. Patent No', 'oral small molecule therapies', 'adult MPS VI patients', 'unmet medical needs', 'favorable tolerability profile', 'intellectual property protection', 'Long Island City', 'nuclear receptor proteins', 'advanced pan-PPAR agonist', 'Fast Track designation', 'two preclinical programs', '240,000 pharmacologically relevant molecules', 'lead product candidate', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'three PPAR isoforms', 'oncology development candidate', 'one clinical candidate', 'other PPAR agonists', 'other development opportunities', 'two PPAR isoforms', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'United States Patent', 'drug candidate', 'balanced activation', 'adult patients', 'clinical trials', 'clinical efforts', 'other diseases', 'nuclear receptors', 'scientific team', 'clinical development', 'The Company', 'English French', 'New York', 'Euronext Paris', 'non-alcoholic steatohepatitis', 'Trademark Office', 'several diseases', 'fibrotic diseases', 'Pierre Broqua', 'Ph.D.', 'important milestone', 'broad range', 'R&D', 'innovative approach', 'anti-fibrotic, anti-inflammatory', 'beneficial vascular', 'metabolic changes', 'gene expression', 'potent manner', 'pre-clinical studies', 'Drug Administration', 'Breakthrough Therapy', 'strong expertise', 'transcription factors', 'epigenetic modulation', 'available options', 'deep expertise', 'computational chemistry', 'extensive library', 'compartment C', 'New patent', 'patent portfolio', 'public company', 'strategic development', 'development facility', 'cirrhotic patients', 'partial activation', 'cirrhotic NASH', 'potential treatment', 'PPARα', 'PPARδ', 'PPARγ', 'NASH.', 'USPTO', 'use', 'lanifibranor', 'risk', 'Daix', 'France', 'November', 'Inventiva', 'patents', 'cofounder', 'treatments', 'pre-cirrhotic', 'body', 'moderate', 'FDA', 'research', 'mucopolysaccharidoses', 'experience', 'domain', 'compounds', 'pipeline', 'NATiV', 'common', 'odiparcil', 'decision', 'respect', 'process', '80 people', 'fields', 'biology', 'medicinal', 'pharmacokinetics', 'pharmacology', 'ISIN']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13841,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/a-tale-of-two-stock-markets-how-london-still-trumps-paris-for-investors-1211808,A tale of two stock markets: how London still trumps Paris for investors,By Joice Alves  Vincent Flasseur and Samuel Indyk,Ipo destinationBut London remains a much larger destination in terms of number and volume of initial public offerings  even with IPO volumes down 80% in Europe this year from last and more than 90% in the United States  according to Dealogic.After recording in 2021 its second strongest year for company listings since 2007  the London Stock Exchange has seen 41 debuts with a total deal value of 1.18 billion euros ($1.22 billion) so far in 2022  more than double the 474 million euros raised in 11 IPOs in Paris  according to Dealogic.Amsterdam – Europe’s largest centre by average daily value traded according to CBOE data – has only seen two IPOs so far this year totalling 411 million euros  according to Euronext.More IPOs in London https://graphics.reuters.com/LONDON-PARISIPO/dwvkdrzbqpm/chart.pngFree floatIn a volatile stock-market environment  Paris can count on large privately held stakes in its companies to offer some stability.The average free-float of French large caps is around 70% and for smaller companies around 50%  according to Euronext  well below London where the average free float of the FTSE All-Share Index is almost 90% of total outstanding shares  according to Refinitiv.“For an institutional investor from an investability standpoint  the amount of free float that is still out there  the UK is still significantly bigger ” said Ben Laidler  global macro strategist at eToro.Indeed  Paris’ three biggest shareholders are private investors: the Arnault family  who own half of LVMH – Europe’s largest company by market capitalisation – the Hermes family and the French government. In comparison  the world’s largest asset manager Blackrock leads the way in London.In terms of market activity  Amsterdam’s average daily value traded was more than 10 billion euros in October  with London a close second at 9.4 billion – about the same as Paris and Frankfurt combined  according to the data from CBOE Global Markets.Luxurious Paris https://graphics.reuters.com/FRANCE-BRITAIN/jnpwyejbnpwithchart.pngBrexit discountUndermining London is the discount at which the FTSE All-Share index trades relative to world stocks  which since the Brexit referendum in 2016 has grown to near its largest since 1990  at 35% on a price-to-earnings metric.UK stocks hit record discount to global peers https://graphics.reuters.com/FRANCE-BRITAIN/klpygkqbdpg/chart.pngDividends and price returnsEnergy-heavy London wins big when it comes to dividends. In the third quarter  UK companies paid out $28.7 billion  more than seven times the total paid in France  according to Janus Henderson Investors’ Global Dividend Index.London’s FTSE All-Share has also delivered better returns to investors this year. Total annualised returns for the index are 2%  compared with returns of almost minus 6% for the CAC All Shares  according to Refinitiv data.Fx mattersIt’s also worth noting that currency comes into play when measuring the size of London’s market against Paris’ in dollar terms. Sterling has fallen around 11% against the U.S. dollar this year  while the euro has lost around 9%.($1 = 0.9658 euros)(Reporting by Joice Alves  Vincent Flasseur and Samuel Indyk in London  additional reporting by Daniel Leussink in Tokyo and Huw Jones in London; Editing by Amanda Cooper and Kirsten Donovan),neutral,0.07,0.92,0.0,mixed,0.66,0.02,0.32,True,English,"['two stock markets', 'tale', 'London', 'Paris', 'investors', 'Janus Henderson Investors’ Global Dividend Index', 'large privately held stakes', 'global macro strategist', 'initial public offerings', 'volatile stock-market environment', 'French large caps', 'three biggest shareholders', 'CBOE Global Markets', 'CAC All Shares', 'average daily value', 'FTSE All-Share Index', 'second strongest year', 'total deal value', 'total outstanding shares', 'U.S. dollar', 'largest asset manager', 'average free float', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Total annualised returns', 'global peers', 'private investors', 'average free-float', 'French government', 'close second', 'largest centre', 'largest company', 'CBOE data', 'Ipo destination', 'larger destination', 'IPO volumes', 'United States', 'company listings', 'institutional investor', 'investability standpoint', 'Ben Laidler', 'Arnault family', 'Hermes family', 'Brexit referendum', 'earnings metric', 'third quarter', 'Fx matters', 'Joice Alves', 'Vincent Flasseur', 'Samuel Indyk', 'Daniel Leussink', 'Huw Jones', 'Amanda Cooper', 'Kirsten Donovan', 'dollar terms', '1.18 billion euros', '10 billion euros', 'smaller companies', 'market capitalisation', 'market activity', 'Brexit discount', 'UK stocks', 'record discount', 'world stocks', 'UK companies', 'two IPOs', '474 million euros', 'price returns', 'Energy-heavy London', 'Luxurious Paris', 'Refinitiv data', '0.9658 euros', '11 IPOs', 'number', 'Europe', 'last', 'Dealogic', '41 debuts', 'Amsterdam', 'Euronext', 'reuters', 'LONDON-PARISIPO', 'amount', 'eToro', 'half', 'LVMH', 'comparison', 'Blackrock', 'way', 'October', 'Frankfurt', 'FRANCE-BRITAIN', 'graphics', 'klpygkqbdpg', 'Dividends', 'seven', 'minus', 'currency', 'play', 'size', 'Sterling', 'Reporting', 'Tokyo', 'Editing']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,fxempire.com
13842,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://seekingalpha.com/article/4560875-vanadium-miners-news-november-2022,Vanadium Miners News For The Month Of November 2022,Europe vanadium pentoxide spot prices were slightly higher the past 30 days. China and Europe ferrovanadium prices were slightly higher. Read more here.,"jcrosemannNovember saw a slight rise in vanadium prices after three months of stalling prices as China starts to increase stimulus to their property sector. VRFBs continue to gain momentum in China and now look like having a big VRFB project in Australia.Vanadium usesVanadium is traditionally used to harden steel. Chinese rebar standards are requiring more vanadium. Also Vanadium Flow Batteries [VRFBs] are becoming increasingly popular especially for commercial energy storage  most notably in China. Vanadium Pentoxide [V2O5] is used in VRFBs and Ferrovanadium [FeV] is used in the steel industry.Vanadium spot price historyEurope Vanadium Pentoxide [V2O5] Flake 98% 1 year chart - Price = USD 7.70/lb (China price not given)Vanadiumprice.comChina and Europe Ferrovanadium [FeV] 80% prices - China = USD 37.00/kg  Europe = USD 31.75/kgVanadium demand versus supplyAn April 2021 Wood Mackenzie report stated:Global energy storage deployment surged a remarkable 62% in 2020  with 5 GW/9 GWh of new capacity added. This brought the total energy storage market to more than 27 GWh. Furthermore  we expect the global (energy storage) market to grow 27-fold by 2030.Woodmac forecasts high growth ahead for solar  wind and energy storageWoodmacVanadium demand is projected to surge from now to 2025 (source)Vanadium Resources courtesy TTP Squared Inc.Global VRFB forecast growth by region 2022-2031Guidehouse InsightsIn 2017 Robert Friedland stated: ""We think there’s a revolution coming in vanadium redox flow batteries....""Vanadium market newsOn November 2 Rethink Research reported:China wants over 100 GW energy storage by 2025......in September 2021 the National Energy Administration published a plan for 62 GW of pumped hydro to be operational come 2025  double the 2021 figure......As for batteries  EPC contracts rose to 13.82 GW / 27.7 GWh in the first eight months of 2022 – a year-on-year increase of almost 500%......The National Energy Administration’s target for 2025 is only 30 GWh  which it calls “only the basic goal.”......Chinese renewable projects are increasingly required to have co-located battery capacity......Shenzhen city......has just this week brought in a subsidy of $27.5 per MWh for battery projects over 1 MW in size......By no means is this all about lithium-ion......Other more direct competitors to lithium-ion are also on the take-off strip – such as flow battery technologies which can be more affordably scaled to longer durations. Vanadium flow appears to be foremost among these. A recent 5.5 GWh tender assigned 1 GWh to vanadium redox flow......Vanadium also had a 500 MW  2 GWh factory commissioned in Henan province in early October  while Yunnan Province’s Chuxiong Prefecture intends to “build a national all-vanadium flow battery highland” from an announcement a week ago. Already this year vanadium battery projects amounting to 300 MW / 1104 MWh have been commissioned.On November 25 Ferroalloynet reported (paywalled): ""Sichuan: Target to reach 1GW/Year of vanadium battery system integration by 2025.""On November 25 Vanadiumprice reported:Now for our first Vanadium Redox Flow Battery. Australia was the first in the world with a lithium-ion big battery  now North Harbour Clean Energy is promising to build out first big Vanadium Redox Flow Battery. The company  in a joint venture with international battery company CellCube  today announced their first project is to develop the continent’s largest VRFB  which generates 4MW-16MWh......The pair also plan to build an assembly and manufacturing line in Eastern Australia to meet GWh demand for long-duration energy storage in the National Electricity Market.On November 25 Bloomberg reported:China Central Bank boosts stimulus to aid COVID-hit economy. Reserve requirement ratio for banks cut by 25 basis points. PBOC wants to keep liquidity ample  bolster real economy......The PBOC’s move comes after significant government actions recently to help the economy  including a rescue package for the property sector and an adjustment of some COVID curbs to reduce the damage to the economy......The central bank has also cut its key interest rates twice this year  with the most recent move in August.Vanadium miner newsVanadium producersGlencore [LSX:GLEN] [HK:805] (OTC:OTCPK:GLCNF)Glencore is a large vanadium producer  but vanadium production represents only a small portion of their revenue.On October 28  Glencore announced:Third quarter 2022 production report. Glencore Chief Executive Officer  Gary Nagle: ""Operational performance over the third quarter was impacted by a range of events including extreme weather in Australia  industrial action at nickel assets in Canada and Norway (since resolved) and the emergence of significant supply chain issues in Kazakhstan stemming from the Russia/Ukraine war. Full-year 2022 production guidance has  accordingly  been reduced for those affected commodities.""AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group NV [NA:AMG] [GR:ADG] (OTCPK:AMVMF)AMG Vanadium is a leading provider of products and services for the metals  manufacturing  refinery and petrochemical industries. AMG Vanadium produces ferrovanadium and related ferroalloys from spent refinery catalysts using a proprietary pyrometallurgical process.On November 2  AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group NV announced: ""Lithium performance drives AMG to all-time record earnings and increased full year guidance."" Highlights include:Vanadium""The new vanadium spent catalyst recycling facility in Zanesville  Ohio  which started operating on October 29  2022  is a clear manifestation of AMG’s industry leadership in the recycling of hazardous refinery waste globally.....we expect the ramp-up to full production to take between three to four months.AMG’s innovative lithium vanadium battery (“LIVA”) for industrial power management applications has successfully started up at our plant in Hauzenberg  Germany......""On November 21  AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group NV announced:AMG update on energy transformation: LIVA Batteries. AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group N.V. (“AMG”  EURONEXT AMSTERDAM: “AMG”) announces that its subsidiary  AMG LIVA  has put its first battery Hybrid Energy Storage System (“HESS”) into fully automatic operation mode in Hauzenberg  Germany. The HESS battery system is an ecosystem combining Lithium-Ion and Vanadium Redox Flow batteries with artificial intelligence routines and self-learning algorithms to maximize efficiency  safety and lifetime of the batteries  integrating the HESS with the facility’s power system  renewable energy sources  and the electrical grid.You can view the latest investor presentation here and a recent Trend investing article here.AMG update on expansion plans (source)AMG Q2  2022 results announcementBushveld Minerals Limited [LN- AIM:BMN] (OTC:BSHVF)Bushveld is a diversified AIM-listed resources company with a portfolio of vanadium  tin and coal assets in Southern Africa and Madagascar.No news for the month.You can view the latest investor presentation here.Largo Inc. [TSX:LGO] [GR:LR81] (LGORF)(NASDAQ:LGO)Largo Inc. is a pure-play vanadium pentoxide producer from their Maracás Menchen mine in Brazil as well as a producer of VRFBs.On November 9  Largo Inc. announced: ""Largo reports third quarter 2022 financial results; continues its focus on two-pillar growth strategy."" Highlights include:""Revenues of $54.3 million vs. revenues of $53.9 million in Q3 2021; Revenues per lb sold 1 of $8.80 vs. $9.10 in Q3 2021of $8.80 vs. $9.10 in Q3 2021 Net loss of $2.6 million vs. net income of $9.2 million in Q3 2021; Basic loss per share of $0.04 in Q3 2022; Inclusive of approximately $3.0 million in non-recurring expenditures such as legal and listing costs for Largo Physical Vanadium Corp. (""LPV"") and an increase in legal provisionsCash provided before working capital items of $4.3 million vs. $20.3 million in Q3 2021; Net cash provided by operating activities of $10.0 million vs. $15.5 million in Q3 2021Operating costs of $45.6 million vs. $32.1 million in Q3 2021 and cash operating costs excluding royalties per pound 1 of V 2 O 5 equivalent sold of $4.86 in Q3 2022 vs. $3.53 in Q3 2021of V O equivalent sold of $4.86 in Q3 2022 vs. $3.53 in Q3 2021 Cash balance of $62.7 million and a net working capital 2 surplus of $114.1 million exiting Q3 2022surplus of $114.1 million exiting Q3 2022 V 2 O 5 equivalent sales of 2 796 tonnes (inclusive of 351 tonnes of purchased material) vs. 2 685 tonnes (inclusive of 136 tonnes of purchased material) sold in Q3 2021O equivalent sales of 2 796 tonnes (inclusive of 351 tonnes of purchased material) vs. 2 685 tonnes (inclusive of 136 tonnes of purchased material) sold in Q3 2021 Production of 2 906 tonnes (6.4 million lbs 3 ) of V 2 O 5 vs. 3 260 tonnes in Q3 2021) of V O vs. 3 260 tonnes in Q3 2021 Progress continued on the implementation of the Company’s ilmenite concentration plant at the Maracás Menchen Mine  including receiving all required metallic flotation structures and building of desliming  flotation  filtration  warehouse and pipe rack structures; Expects commissioning to be completed in Q2 2023Largo Clean Energy (“LCE”) signed a non-binding MOU with Ansaldo Green Tech in August 2022 to negotiate the formation of a joint venture for the manufacturing and commercial deployment of vanadium redox flow batteries (“VRFB”) in the European  African and Middle East power generation markets.""Vanadium Market Update4""The Company maintained a strong focus on developing new markets for its high purity products and concluded its first sale of vanadium trioxide (“V 2 0 3 ”) in Europe in Q3 2022.0 ”) in Europe in Q3 2022. High purity vanadium demand has increased following ongoing recovery from 2020 COVID-19 impacts  which was partially offset by a softening of steel demand in Q3 2022.....""You can view the latest investor presentation here.Energy Fuels Inc. [TSX:EFR] (UUUU)Energy Fuels state they are ""the No. 1 uranium producer in the U.S. with a market-leading portfolio "" as well as being a small vanadium producer.On November 8  Energy Fuels Inc. announced: ""Energy Fuels announces Q3-2022 results  including continued robust balance sheet and market-leading U.S. uranium & rare earth positions."" Highlights include:"".....During the first nine months of 2022  the Company sold approximately 642 000 pounds of existing inventory of vanadium (""V 2 O 5 "") (as ferrovanadium  ""FeV"")  for an average weighted net price of $13.69 per pound of V 2 O 5 . Vanadium markets have dropped in recent months. Therefore  the Company has halted sales of its inventory which currently stands at approximately 987 000 pounds of V 2 O 5 . However  the Company expects to resume sales as markets may improve in the future. The Company is evaluating the potential to resume vanadium recovery at the Mill in the future as market conditions may warrant for future sale and to replace sold inventory  where its tailings pond solutions contain an estimated additional 1.0 to 3.0 million recoverable pounds of V 2 O 5 .""On November 14  Energy Fuels Inc. announced:Energy Fuels executes definitive agreement to sell Alta Mesa ISR Project to enCore Energy for $120 million  facilitating the Company's plans to accelerate both uranium and rare earth production.....Ferro-Alloy Resources [LON:FAR]FAR is developing the giant Balasausqandiq vanadium deposit in Kyzylordinskaya Oblast of southern Kazakhstan. FAR state: ""The ore at this site has a significantly higher grade than all other primary vanadium extraction sites  which allows for much lower processing costs.""No significant news for the month.Western Uranium & Vanadium Corp. (OTCQX:WSTRF)Western Uranium & Vanadium Corp. own the Sunday Mine Complex which is an advanced stage mine property consisting of five interconnected underground mines in Colorado  USA.On November 2  Western Uranium & Vanadium Corp. announced:Western Uranium & Vanadium provides companyupdates..... Mining Operations – Sunday Mine Complex......Mining operations are targeted to restart in January 2023.Investors can read the latest company presentation here.Vanadium developersNeometals [ASX:NMT] (OTCPK:RDRUY) (OTCPK:RRSSF)Neometals 100% own the Barrambie Titanium Vanadium Iron Project in Western Australia. Barrambie's Eastern Band is one of the highest grade hard rock titanium deposits globally.On October 31  Neometals announced: ""Quarterly activities report for the quarter ended 30 September 2022."" Highlights include:Corporate""Cash balance A$50.8 million  receivables and investments of A$29.8 million and no debt.Neometals included in ASX 300  first recycling revenues booked by Primobius and 3rd annual Sustainability Report completed. ""Core Battery Materials Business UnitsVanadium Recovery Project (“VRP”) (earning into 50:50 JV with Critical Metals Ltd)""AACE®1 Class 3 Engineering and Cost Study confirms potential for lowest quartile operating costs.Feasibility study  including above cost estimates  is being advanced in parallel with negotiations for additional slag feedstock from Swedish Steel AB  by-product offtake with Betolar plc  product offtake and financing.Finnish environmental permit was granted post quarter end.""Upstream – Mineral ExtractionBarrambie Titanium and Vanadium Project (“Barrambie”) (100% NMT)""Commercial smelting trials on mixed gravity concentrates successfully completed in China with leading chloride-grade titanium slag producer Jiuxing. Test work results expected for release in Nov 22.Pre-feasibility study advanced with completion on track for Dec 2022. Study will allow the evaluation of the production of direct shipping ore  mixed gravity concentrates and separate ilmenite and iron/vanadium concentrates for export from Geraldton.""On November 3  Neometals announced: ""Successful commercial-scale smelting trials for Barrambie.""On November 17  Neometals announced: ""Robust outcomes from Barrambie Titanium Project PFS."" Highlights include:"" Neometals completes Class 4 Pre-Feasibility Study (“PFS”) for production of titanium (ilmenite) and iron-vanadium concentrate from titanium-rich Eastern bands at Barrambie.Average free cash (before tax  depreciation and amortisation) of AUD $136M p.a. over the first 10 years.Probable Ore Reserve of 44.5 Mt at 18.7% TiO2  44.1 % Fe2O3 and 0.61% V2O5.PFS assumes a simple mine  crush  mill and beneficiate operation to produce mixed gravity concentrate at Barrambie  followed by additional processing at a site with lower cost natural gas supply east of Geraldton.The PFS confirms ‘value-in-use’ for Barrambie’s product basket and supports dialogue with potential offtake partner Jiuxing. ""You can view the latest investor presentation here.Australian Vanadium [ASX:AVL] [GR:JT71] (OTCQB:ATVVF)Australian Vanadium is an emerging vanadium producer focused on their Australian Vanadium Project in Western Australia. VSUN Energy was launched by AVL in 2016 to target the energy storage market for vanadium redox flow batteries [VRFBs].On November 21  Australian Vanadium announced: ""AVL receives $618 904 R&D refund for 2021/21 tax year.""Catalysts include:Early 2023 - Updated Mineral Resource Estimate due.2023 - Possible further off-take and/or JV partner announcements.You can view the latest investor presentation here  or read a Trend Investing CEO interview here.Technology Metals Australia [ASX:TMT]The Company's primary exploration focus is on the 100% owned Gabanintha Vanadium Project located 40km south east of Meekatharra in the mid-west region of Western Australia. Technology Metals Australia is studying (""Integration Study"") to combine the high grade  high quality Yarrabubba deposit with the Gabanintha Vanadium Deposit to form the Murchison Technology Metals Project (MTMP).On November 7  Technology Metals Australia announced: ""MTMP Global mineral resource upgrade. Delivers 26% increase to measured and indicated resource."" Highlights include:""MTMP Measured and Indicated Mineral Resource Estimate grows to 63.2Mt at 0.9% V2O5 within Global Mineral Resource Estimate of 153.7Mt at 0.8% V2O5.Maiden Yarrabubba Measured Mineral Resource Estimate of 5.9Mt at 1.0% V2O5 and 11.2% TiO2.Global Measured Mineral Resource Estimate grows 10 fold to 12.1Mt at 1.0% V2O5 – expected to support significant growth in Proven Ore Reserve.Measured and Indicated Mineral Resource Estimate for the MTMP excludes oxide mineralisation.Upgrade of Global Mineral Resource Estimate to underpin an updated MTMP Proven and Probable Ore Reserve estimate for inclusion in the Bankable Financial Model.""You can view the latest investor presentation here.TNG Ltd [ASX:TNG] [GR:HJI] (OTCPK:TNGZF)TNG is an Australian resources company focused on the evaluation and development of its Mount Peake Vanadium-Titanium-Iron project. The Mount Peake Project is located 235km north-northwest of Alice Springs in the Northern Territory of Australia. TNG Ltd is well advanced with a massive $4.7b NPV8%  but relies on titanium and iron with a lower grade vanadium by-product.On October 26  TNG Ltd. announced: ""September 2022 quarterly activities report."" Highlights include:"" Conditional Letters of Support/Interest for up to A$800 million in debt funding received for the Mount Peake Project from Australian  German and Korean Government backed funding sources.Technical reports for the Environmental Impact Assessment well advanced  with the Referral document expected to be submitted to the Northern Territory Environmental Protection Agency (NTEPA) late 2022/early 2023.Planning completed for a brownfields drilling program at the Mount Peake Project expected to be undertaken during the December Quarter  supported by $143 000 in co-funding under the Geophysics & Drilling Collaborations program administered by the Northern Territory Geological Survey.The Company’s cash position at 30 September 2022 was $9.2 million. ""On November 22  TNG Ltd. announced:Management update......Paul Burton will step down as Managing Director and CEO on 25 November 2022 to pursue new career opportunities after 16 years of service to the Company.You can view the latest investor presentations here.Vanadium Resources Limited [ASX:VR8] [GR:TR3]Vanadium Resources is a junior exploration company established with the purpose of exploring and developing gold zinc  lead  copper and other mineral opportunities. Vanadium Resources owns 74% of a globally significant vanadium project  the Steelpoortdrift [SPD] Project  in Gauteng Province  South Africa.On October 27  Vanadium Resources Limited announced: ""Activities report – September quarter 2022."" Highlights include:""Company subsidiary Vanadium Resources (Pty) Ltd (“VanRes”) entered into an Option Agreement to acquire 135 hectares of Property for planned Salt Roast Plant.HCF appointed as debt funding advisor to assist the Company with arranging debt finance for the development of the Steelpoortdrift Vanadium Project.""Post Quarter Highlights"" Definitive Feasibility Study1 (“DFS”) and updated Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve estimates released for the Steelpoortdrift (“SPD”) Project .Vanadium Resources LimitedMineral Resources now amounts to 680Mt (2.7% increase) at 0.70% vanadium pentoxide (“V2O5”) at a cut-off grade of 0.45% V2O5 – the Measured Mineral Resources increased by 58% to 145Mt at 0.72% V2O5 .. Ore Reserves total 76.86Mt at 0.72% V2O5 with 30.23Mt of Proven Ore Reserves at 0.70% V2O5 and 46.62Mt of Probable Ore Reserves at 0.72% V2O5.Additional LOM of up to 67 years readily available in the designed open pits within a low environmental and social impact inclusion zone  and Life of Mineral Resource in open pit is +180 years at current throughput rates .""You can view the latest investor presentation here. Below is an interesting screenshot from the company presentation that compares various vanadium projects globally.Vanadium ResourcesKing River Resources [ASX:KRR] (formerly King River Copper)King River holds 785 square kilometres of mineral leases covering a unique geological feature in the Eastern Kimberley of Western Australia  called the Speewah Dome. The company state on their website: ""The focus of King River Copper Limited is the exploration for Gold  Silver and Copper."" However their deposits also contain vanadium.No significant news for the month.You can view the latest investor presentation here.VanadiumCorp Resource Inc. [TSXV:VRB][GR:NWN] (OTCPK:VRBFF)VanadiumCorp Resources Inc. 100% owns the Lac Dore Vanadium-Iron-Titanium project in Quebec Canada. The Company also has royalties on the Raglan Nickel-PGM mine. The Company is looking to take a vertically integrated approach and is also developing leading process technologies ‘VanadiumCorp-Electrochem Processing Technology’ and ""Electrochem globally patented Electrowinning"" technology.No news for the month.You can view the latest investor presentation here.Richmond Vanadium Technologies Pty Ltd (""RVT"") ASX IPO planned for late 2022 - Spin-off from Horizon Mining [ASX:HRZ]RVT now owns 100% of the Richmond Vanadium Project. It has a global Mineral Resource of 1.8Bt @ 0.36% Vanadium Pentoxide (V2O5).On October 25. Proactive Investors announced:Horizon Minerals has priority offer in Richmond Vanadium Technology IPO. The IPO to raise between $25 million and $35 million opened on October 24  2022  with funds raised to primarily be used for a bankable feasibility study at the Richmond Vanadium Project in North Queensland.On November 16  Richmond Vanadium Technologies Pty Ltd announced: ""IPO indicative demand exceeds minimum subscription."" Highlights include:"" IPO supported with indicative demand that exceeds the minimum subscription of $25m.Phenom Resources Corp. [TSXV:PHNM] (OTCQX:PHNMF) (formerly First Vanadium Corp.)The Carlin Gold-Vanadium Property hosts one of North America’s largest richest primary vanadium deposits  located in Nevada. Its West Jerome project targets a large scale high grade copper and zinc deposit in Arizona. Carlin has a Historic Inferred Resource 28Mt at 0.525% V2O5 (2010 SRK).On November 23  Phenom Resources Corp. announced:Phenom Resources expands the vanadium deposit on its flagship Nevada Project. Paul Cowley  President and CEO of the Company  states  ""The 2022 summer drilling program met its objectives by expanding the size of the vanadium deposit in three of the four sectors (north  west and east) beyond the limits of previous drilling showing continuity of consistent good vanadium grades and widths near surface. With the success of this program  it opens up the deposit to further expansion in four new areas  outlined in Figure 1  which will be drilled before a new resource estimate is done.""Investors can read the latest company presentation here.Graphite miners with potential vanadium projectsSyrah Resources [ASX:SYR] (OTC:OTCPK:SYAAF) (OTC:SRHYY)NextSource Materials [TSX:NEXT]DNI Metals [TSXV:DNI] [GR:DG7N](OTC:DMNKF)Other listed vanadium juniorsBlackRock Metals (Private)Gladiator Resources [ASX:GLA]Golden Deeps [ASX:GED]Intermin Resources [ASX:IRC]Maxtech Ventures [CSE:MVT]New Energy Minerals [ASX: NXE] (formerly Mustang Resources)Pursuit Minerals [ASX:PUR]QEM Limited [ASX:QEM]Sabre Resources [ASX:SBR]Strategic Resources [TSXV:SR] (OTCPK:SCCFF)Trigon Metals Inc. [TSXV:TM] (OTC:PNTZF)Voyager Metals Inc. [TSXV:VONE][GR:9VR1] (OTC:VDMRF) (formerly Vanadium One Iron Corp.)Venus Metals [ASX:VMC]Victory Metals [TSXV:VMX]VRFB CompaniesProtean Energy [ASX:POW] [GR:SHE1]Enerox GmbH (90% Bushveld/10% Cellcube Energy Storage Systems)Invinity Energy Systems (LSE:IES) (IVVGF) (OTCQX:IESVF)ConclusionNovember saw slightly higher V2O5 prices and slightly higher ferrovanadium prices.Highlights for the month include:China wants over 100 GW energy storage by 2025  30 GWh from batteries. Already this year vanadium battery projects amounting to 300 MW / 1104 MWh have been commissioned in China.Chinese renewable projects are increasingly required to have co-located battery capacity......Shenzhen city has just this week brought in a subsidy of $27.5 per MWh for battery projects over 1 MW in size.Sichuan: Target to reach 1GW/Year of vanadium battery system integration by 2025.North Harbour Clean Energy is promising to build the first big Vanadium Redox Flow Battery in Australia in a JV with CellCube which generates 4MW-16MWh.China Central Bank boosts stimulus to aid Covid-hit economy. Reserve requirement ratio for banks cut by 25 basis points.AMG's new vanadium spent catalyst recycling facility in Zanesville  Ohio  started operating on October 29  2022. AMG's lithium vanadium battery production has successfully started up in Germany.Western Uranium & Vanadium Sunday Mine Complex mining operations are targeted to restart in January 2023.Neometals reports robust outcomes from Barrambie Titanium Project PFS.Technology Metals Australia d elivers 26% increase to M& I Resource at their Murchison Technology Metals Project (MTMP).Vanadium Resources DFS for the Steelpoortdrift Project results in a post-tax NPV7.5% of A$1.9b and 42% post-tax IRR . Start up CapEx A$329m.. Start up CapEx A$329m. Richmond Vanadium Technologies Pty IPO indicative demand exceeds minimum subscription.Phenom Resources expands the vanadium deposit on its flagship Nevada Project.As usual all comments are welcome.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.3,0.2,0.5,True,English,"['Vanadium Miners News', 'The', 'November', 'AMG Advanced Metallurgical Group NV', 'first big Vanadium Redox Flow Battery', 'first Vanadium Redox Flow Battery', 'North Harbour Clean Energy', 'national all-vanadium flow battery', 'total energy storage market', 'vanadium battery system integration', 'Global energy storage deployment', 'significant supply chain issues', 'Glencore Chief Executive Officer', 'vanadium redox flow batteries', 'global (energy storage) market', 'The National Energy Administration', 'Vanadium spot price history', 'Third quarter 2022 production report', 'flow battery technologies', 'National Electricity Market', 'commercial energy storage', 'long-duration energy storage', 'Wood Mackenzie report', 'first eight months', 'significant government actions', 'lithium-ion big battery', 'Vanadium market news', 'Vanadium Flow Batteries', 'Chinese rebar standards', 'TTP Squared Inc.', 'Reserve requirement ratio', 'key interest rates', 'Full-year 2022 production guidance', 'big VRFB project', 'vanadium battery projects', 'Chinese renewable projects', 'Vanadium miner news', 'large vanadium producer', 'international battery company', '100 GW energy storage', 'recent 5.5 GWh tender', 'Europe Vanadium Pentoxide', 'first project', '500 MW, 2 GWh factory', 'China Central Bank', 'Global VRFB', 'vanadium production', 'battery capacity', 'AMG Vanadium', 'Vanadium demand', 'Vanadium Resources', 'Vanadium producers', 'three months', 'The PBOC', 'largest VRFB', 'vanadium prices', 'slight rise', 'property sector', 'V2O5] Flake', 'new capacity', 'Guidehouse Insights', 'Robert Friedland', 'Rethink Research', 'EPC contracts', 'year increase', 'Shenzhen city', 'direct competitors', 'take-off strip', 'longer durations', 'Henan province', 'Yunnan Province', 'Chuxiong Prefecture', 'joint venture', 'manufacturing line', '25 basis points', 'rescue package', 'COVID curbs', 'recent move', 'small portion', 'Gary Nagle', 'Operational performance', 'extreme weather', 'industrial action', 'nickel assets', 'Russia/Ukraine war', 'leading provider', '5 GW/9 GWh', 'GWh demand', 'China price', 'steel industry', 'Europe Ferrovanadium', 'high growth', 'early October', 'COVID-hit economy', 'real economy', 'Eastern Australia', 'FeV] 80% prices', '27 GWh', '27.7 GWh', '30 GWh', '1 GWh', '62 GW', '13.82 GW', '1 MW', '300 MW', 'jcrosemann', 'November', 'stimulus', 'VRFBs', 'momentum', 'Vanadiumprice', 'USD', 'April', 'remarkable 62', 'Woodmac', 'wind', 'region', 'revolution', 'September', 'plan', 'hydro', '2021 figure', 'target', 'subsidy', 'MWh', 'size', 'means', 'Other', 'announcement', 'Ferroalloynet', 'Sichuan', '1GW/Year', 'world', 'CellCube', 'continent', 'pair', 'assembly', 'Bloomberg', 'banks', 'liquidity', 'adjustment', 'damage', 'August', 'OTCPK', 'GLCNF', 'revenue', 'range', 'events', 'Canada', 'Norway', 'emergence', 'Kazakhstan', 'commodities', 'ADG', 'AMVMF', 'products', 'services']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,seekingalpha.com
13843,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/28/2563397/0/en/Ipsos-sells-Retail-Performance-solution-to-RetailNext.html,Ipsos sells Retail Performance solution to RetailNext,Paris  28 November 2022 – Ipsos is pleased to announce the sale of Retail Performance  the people-counting and footfall solution  to RetailNext  a US-based specialist in retail services.,Paris  28 November 2022 – Ipsos is pleased to announce the sale of Retail Performance  the people-counting and footfall solution  to RetailNext  a US-based specialist in retail services.With this agreement  Ipsos’ 40 Retail Performance employees in the United Kingdom and the Philippines will integrate RetailNext.Ipsos will also take a minority share in RetailNext  establishing a partnership to co-develop solutions in the global retail and consumer trends space. Ipsos’ clients will continue to access customer counting and footfall data through this partnership.“The sale of Retail Performance reflects our focus on our core research services  as announced in the 2022-2025 Growth plan”  said Ben Page  Global CEO of Ipsos.“Retail Performance is a leader in the footfall-tracking space  and we’re thrilled to be welcoming them into the family as we expand our mission in the UK and beyond”  said Alexei Agratchev  Co-Founder & CEO of RetailNext.ABOUT IPSOSIpsos is one of the largest market research and polling companies globally  operating in 90 markets and employing over 18 000 people.Our passionately curious research professionals  analysts and scientists have built unique multi-specialist capabilities that provide true understanding and powerful insights into the actions  opinions and motivations of citizens  consumers  patients  customers or employees. Our 75 business solutions are based on primary data from our surveys  social media monitoring  and qualitative or observational techniques.“Game Changers” – our tagline – summarizes our ambition to help our 5 000 clients navigate with confidence our rapidly changing world.Founded in France in 1975  Ipsos has been listed on the Euronext Paris since July 1  1999. The company is part of the SBF 120 and the Mid-60 indexes and is eligible for the Deferred Settlement Service (SRD).ISIN code FR0000073298  Reuters ISOS.PA  Bloomberg IPS:FP wwwAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['Retail Performance solution', 'Ipsos', 'RetailNext', '2022-2025 Growth plan', 'largest market research', 'curious research professionals', 'unique multi-specialist capabilities', 'social media monitoring', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Ipsos’ 40 Retail Performance employees', 'consumer trends space', 'core research services', 'retail services', 'footfall-tracking space', 'global retail', 'footfall solution', 'US-based specialist', 'United Kingdom', 'minority share', 'customer counting', 'footfall data', 'Ben Page', 'Alexei Agratchev', 'polling companies', 'true understanding', 'powerful insights', 'primary data', 'observational techniques', 'Game Changers', 'changing world', 'Mid-60 indexes', 'ISIN code', 'Reuters ISOS', 'Bloomberg IPS', 'Global CEO', '75 business solutions', 'Euronext Paris', 'Ipsos’ clients', '5,000 clients', 'sale', 'people-counting', 'RetailNext', 'agreement', 'Philippines', 'partnership', 'focus', 'leader', 'family', 'mission', 'UK', 'Co-Founder', '90 markets', '18,000 people', 'analysts', 'scientists', 'actions', 'opinions', 'motivations', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'patients', 'customers', 'surveys', 'qualitative', 'tagline', 'ambition', 'confidence', 'rapidly', 'France', 'July', 'company', 'SBF 120', 'SRD', 'Attachment']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13844,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/28/2563396/0/en/IBA-Regulated-Information.html,IBA - Regulated Information,IBA SA - Regulated information                                                                                                                          ...,"French EnglishIBA SA - Regulated informationNovember 28th 5:45 pmPublication made under article 15 of the law of May 2  2007 relating to the disclosure of major holdings in issuers whose shares are admitted to trading on a regulated market and containing various provisions (Belgian Gazette 12.VI.2007 ) (hereinafter  the “Law”)Under this provision:""[...] the issuer publishes the total capital  the total number of securities conferring the right to vote and voting rights  as well as  by category  the number of securities conferring the right to vote and voting rights vote  at the latest at the end of each calendar month in which an increase or a decrease in these numbers occurred.On each publication referred to in the first paragraph  the issuer also mentions  if applicable  the total number of bonds convertible into securities conferring the right to vote and rights materialized or not by securities to the subscription of securities conferring the right to vote not yet issued  the total number of voting rights that would result from the exercise of these conversion or subscription rights and the total number of shares without voting rights. ""The following information are current as of November 09th  2022Nature of information Remark Amount of capital (EUR) 42.502.318 54 Securities with voting rights =(A) 30.282.218 This is the basis for calculating the 30% threshold provided in article 5 of the takeover law of April 1  2007 (Belgian Gazette 26.IV.2007) Shares with voting rights 30.282.218 Shares with loyalty voting right (section 28 of the articles of association) =(B) 8.120.827 Existing voting rights =[A-B+(B*2)] 38.403.045 This is the denominator under which must be calculated the quota of voting rights that can give rise to notification in accordance with article 6 of the Law Bonds convertible into shares (CB) 0 Voting rights that would result of CB conversion 0 Subscription rights (warrants) issued and exercisable 20.000 Voting rights that would result of warrant conversion 20.000 Statutory and legal thresholds (section 35 of the articles of association) 1%  2%  3%  4%  5%  7.5%  10%  15%  etc. par tranche de 5% These are the thresholds under which the crossing  whether upward or downward (including passive crossing)  gives rise to notification in accordance with section 6 or 18  §2  of the Law.Contact person for threshold crossing notifications: shareholderrelations@iba-group.com.Shares endowed with the right to vote in loyalty: registered shares recorded in the share register for at least two consecutive years in the name of their holder (section 28 of the articles of association  in accordance with section 7:53 of the Companies and Associations Code).Following the introduction of the loyalty voting right by decision of the general meeting of March 10  2020  the calculation method used by IBA to determine the number of shares with the loyalty voting right at any time is the LIFO method (last in  first out)  namely: for the same registered shareholder  the shares which the latter most recently acquired are the first shares which will be deducted from his “basket” of registered shares if he transfer shares thereafter.Statutory ceiling (section 7  paragraph 1  of the articles of association: “No shareholder may  with companies and persons related to him  participate in the voting at general meetings for a number of votes exceeding 35% of the votes attached to all of the shares with voting rights issued by the company”): currently 35% of 38.339.545  i.e. 13.418.840 8 votes.ISIN Code : Euronext Brussels BE0003766806About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the field of proton therapy  considered to be the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today. IBA is also a leading player in the fields of industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 1 800 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comFor further information  please contact:IBAMarie SiraultParalegal+32 491252480marie.sirault@iba-group.com______________________Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Regulated Information', 'IBA', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'two consecutive years', 'particle accelerator technology', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'information Remark Amount', 'same registered shareholder', 'threshold crossing notifications', 'loyalty voting right', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'voting rights', 'French English', 'Regulated information', 'major holdings', 'regulated market', 'various provisions', 'Belgian Gazette', 'calendar month', 'following information', 'par tranche', 'passive crossing', 'Contact person', 'share register', 'Associations Code', 'general meeting', 'calculation method', 'LIFO method', 'ISIN Code', 'world leader', 'leading supplier', 'proton therapy', 'advanced form', 'radiation therapy', 'leading player', 'industrial sterilization', 'B Corporation', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'More information', 'registered shares', 'subscription rights', 'total number', 'total capital', 'first paragraph', 'legal thresholds', 'Statutory ceiling', 'Euronext Brussels', 'takeover law', 'first shares', 'IBA SA', 'Marie Sirault', 'Law Bonds', 'CB conversion', '30% threshold', 'November', 'Publication', 'May', 'disclosure', 'issuers', 'securities', 'vote', 'category', 'increase', 'decrease', 'numbers', 'exercise', 'Nature', 'basis', 'April', 'section', 'articles', 'denominator', 'quota', 'rise', 'accordance', 'warrants', 'group', 'name', 'Companies', 'introduction', 'decision', 'March', 'time', 'basket', 'persons', 'company', 'equipment', 'services', 'field', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', 'Belgium', '1,800 people', 'social', 'BB', 'Attachment']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13845,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/28/2563412/0/en/PRESS-RELEASE-NACON-2022-23-HALF-YEAR-RESULTS.html,PRESS RELEASE: NACON: 2022-23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS,Press release  Lesquin  28 November 2022  18:00hrs  2022-23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS UP  77.5 M€ SALES......,English FrenchPress releaseLesquin  28 November 2022  18:00hrs2022-23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS UP77.5 M€ SALES (+6.2%)11.1 M€ CURRENT OPERATING PROFIT (+31.4%)8.4 M€ NET RESULT (+123.5%)2022-23 YEAR-END RESULTS EXPECTED TO GROWTHRIVING PUBLISHING ACTIVITY IN HY2 2022-23NACON (ISIN FR0013482791) today releases its audited consolidated results for 1st Half Year 2022-23 (from April 1  2022 to September 30  2022) as approved by its Board of directors on 28 November 2022.Consolidated in M€ - IFRS 09/2022 09/2021 Change Sales 77.5 73.0 +6.2% Gross margin (1)In % of SalesEBITDA (2)In % of Sales47.661.4%25.633.1%38.052.1%21.429.3% +25.1%+19.8% Current operating incomeEBITAIn % of SalesNon recurrent items11.114. 3%(1.3) 8.411.6%(4.0)+31.4%Operating incomeIn % of Sales9.812.7% 4.56.1% +119.2% Financial result 1.3 0.0Earnings before taxIn % of Sales11.114.3% 4.56.2% +145.2% Tax (2.6) (0.7) Net result for the periodIn % of Sales 8.410.9% 3.85.2% +123.5%Business and earnings growth driven by the Games businessIn the first half of 2022-23  Nacon posted revenues of 77.5 M€  up 6.2%  reflecting the growth of its games business. Over the period  this business generated revenues of 47.0 M€ (+72.3%). With the launch in HY1 of several iconic games such as Vampire: The Masquerade®- Swansong  SteelrisingTM and Session Skate SimTM  current catalogue sales more than doubled to 25.4 M€. Back catalogue sales (games released in previous years) also increased by 33.3% to 21.6 M€.Over the first half of the year  Accessories sales amounted to 28.5 M€  down 34.7%. This activity remains marked by a very high base effect  particularly in the USA  and by a sharp decline in the global market for headsets.Gross margin was 47.6 M€  or 61.4% of sales (52.1% in previous year). The product mix  with a lower relative weighting of Accessories (37% of total sales versus 60% in previous year) explains this increase in the gross margin rate.Current operating income for the first half of the year rose by 31.4% to 11.1 M€  or 14.3% of sales. Net income amounted to 8.4 M€ (10.9% of sales in HY1 2022-23)  more than double the net income generated last year (3.8 M€ in HY1 2021-22).Strong financial structure and continued investment for growthAs of September 30  2022  shareholders' equity amounted to 241.5 M€  up 13.1 M€ compared to the end of March 2022. Cash and cash equivalents amounted to 38.1 M€ compared to 82.1 M€ at the end of March 2022  in line with the Group's determination to reinvest its cash flows in the development of its activities.To date  50 games are under development  representing CAPEX of more than 30 M€ over the first half of 2022-23. In addition  investments related to external growth transactions (acquisition of Daedalic in April 2022) amount to 34.1 M€ over the same period.Cash-flow for the first half of the year amounted to 27.5 M€  up 31% compared with the first half of 2021-22.With the acquisition of Daedalic and the increase in inventories due to the electronical components crisis  net debt stood at 63.6 M€ at September 30  2022  compared to 10.4 M€ at March 31 2022.Confidence reaffirmed in medium-term prospectsSustained publishing activity in the second half of 2022-23Released on November 3  WRC Generations recorded a slight increase in sales over the first three weeks compared with WRC10  which was released in the previous fiscal year.Many games in the catalogue  some of which were initially scheduled for release in the third quarter  will finally be released in the fourth quarter:Blood Bowl®3  a game similar to American soccer  set in a fantasy world  a new installment in the successful Blood Bowl franchise.Chef Life  in partnership with the Michelin Guide.Clash  in the very dynamic fighting game segment.Transport Fever 2 Console Edition  on PlayStation®4  PlayStation®5  Xbox®One and Xbox®Series.NACON now anticipates sales and current operating income for 2022-23 to be slightly up on the previous fiscal year with the delayed release of several major games  a decline in the Accessories business and tensions in the supply of new consoles.Strong growth expected in 2023-24  driven by current investmentsIn FY 2023-24  NACON will continue to pursue a sustained and varied publishing activity. The 2022-23 releases will feed the 2023-24 back catalogue and will mechanically accelerate growth.The highly anticipated release of The Lord of the Rings GollumTM  an emblematic character from the world of J.R.R. Tolkien from the novel The Lord of the Rings  is now scheduled for HY1 2023-24.Next event:Q2 2022-2023 sales  23 January 2023 Press release after close of the Euronext Paris stock exchange2021-22 ANNUAL SALES155.9 M€HEADCOUNTOver 900 employeesINTERNATIONAL23 subsidiaries and a distribution network across 100 countrieshttps://corporate.nacongaming.com/ NACON is a company of the BIGBEN Group founded in 2019 to optimize its know-how through strong synergies in the video game market. By bringing together its 16 development studios  the publishing of AA video games  the design and distribution of premium gaming devices  NACON focuses 30 years of expertise at the service of players. This new unified business unit strengthens NACON's position in the market  enables it to innovate by creating new unique competitive advantages.Company listed on Euronext Paris  compartment BISIN : FR0013482791 ; Reuters : NACON.PA ; Bloomberg : NACON:FPPRESS CONTACTCap Value – Gilles Broquelet gbroquelet@capvalue.fr - +33 1 80 81 50 01LEXICONBACK CATALOGUE: games released in previous yearsGROSS MARGIN: Sales - Cost of goods sold; other operating revenues posted between Gross Margin and EBITDAEBITDA: Current operating income before depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible assetsCOI RATE: Operating income before non-recurring items as a percentage of salesCAPEX: Intangible assets excluding rights of use / rental rights capitalized in accordance with IFRS 16Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.52,0.09,0.4,True,English,"['PRESS RELEASE', '23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS', 'NACON', 'Transport Fever 2 Console Edition', 'J.R.R. Tolkien', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'The Masquerade®- Swansong', 'dynamic fighting game segment', 'successful Blood Bowl franchise', 'Non recurrent items', 'Session Skate SimTM', 'high base effect', 'lower relative weighting', 'electronical components crisis', '2023-24 back catalogue', 'first three weeks', 'several iconic games', 'Strong financial structure', 'several major games', 'THRIVING PUBLISHING ACTIVITY', 'varied publishing activity', 'Current operating income', '2022-23 YEAR-END RESULTS', 'gross margin rate', 'external growth transactions', 'previous fiscal year', '1st Half Year', 'Back catalogue sales', 'current catalogue sales', 'The Lord', 'OPERATING PROFIT', 'Net income', '2022-23 releases', 'previous years', 'HALF-YEAR RESULTS', 'consolidated results', 'current investments', 'first half', 'Financial result', 'Strong growth', 'second half', 'English French', 'global market', 'product mix', 'continued investment', ""shareholders' equity"", 'net debt', 'medium-term prospects', 'WRC Generations', 'Many games', 'third quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'American soccer', 'new installment', 'Chef Life', 'Michelin Guide', 'Xbox®One', 'Xbox®Series', 'new consoles', 'emblematic character', 'Next event', 'Over 900 employees', 'distribution network', 'Net result', 'cash equivalents', 'cash flows', 'Games business', 'sharp decline', 'fantasy world', 'Rings GollumTM', 'BIGBEN Group', 'Change Sales', 'total sales', 'Press release', 'same period', 'slight increase', 'Accessories business', 'earnings growth', 'Accessories sales', '50 games', 'Lesquin', '28 November', '18:00hrs', '1 M', '4 M', 'HY2', 'NACON', 'April', 'September', 'Board', 'directors', 'M€', 'IFRS', 'EBITDA', 'EBITA', 'tax', 'revenues', '77.5 M', '47.0 M', 'launch', 'HY1', 'Vampire', 'SteelrisingTM', '21.6 M', 'USA', 'headsets', '47.6 M', 'March', 'determination', 'development', 'activities', 'CAPEX', '30 M', 'addition', 'acquisition', 'Daedalic', 'Cash-flow', '27.5 M', 'inventories', '63.6 M', 'Confidence', 'WRC10', 'partnership', 'Clash', 'PlayStation®', 'tensions', 'supply', 'FY', 'sustained', 'novel', 'Q2', '23 January', 'close', 'HEADCOUNT', 'INTERNATIONAL', '23 subsidiaries', '100 countries', 'company', '28.5', '241.5']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13846,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/28/2563343/0/en/STMicroelectronics-Announces-Status-of-Common-Share-Repurchase-Program.html,STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase Program  Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Nov 21  2022 to Nov 25  2022...,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from Nov 21  2022 to Nov 25  2022AMSTERDAM – November 28  2022 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the “Company” or “STMicroelectronics”)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the “Program”) disclosed via a press release dated July 1  2021. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 27  2021 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) (Ticker: “STM”) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between Nov 21  2022 to Nov 25  2022 (the “Period”)  of 110 645 ordinary shares (equal to 0.01% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 37.0375 and for an overall price of EUR 4 098 009.96.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from share option programmes  or other allocations of shares  to employees or to members of the administrative  management or supervisory bodies of the issuer or of an associate company.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STM (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 21-Nov-22 22 593 36.9914 835 746.70 XPAR 22-Nov-22 22 610 36.7244 830 338.68 XPAR 23-Nov-22 22 216 36.8883 819 510.47 XPAR 24-Nov-22 21 646 37.3677 808 861.23 XPAR 25-Nov-22 21 580 37.2360 803 552.88 XPAR Total for Period 110 645 37.0375 4 098 009.96Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 6 991 558 treasury shares  which represents approximately 0.8% of the Company’s issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are 48 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of the Internet of Things and connectivity. ST is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Céline BerthierGroup VP  Investor RelationsTel: +41.22.929.58.12celine.berthier@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: + 33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.32,0.68,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Status', 'Céline Berthier Group VP', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'share option programmes', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'other lawful purpose', 'overall price', 'other allocations', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'press release', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'administrative, management', 'supervisory bodies', 'repurchase transactions', 'detailed form', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'Total amount', 'Own Shares', '110,645 ordinary shares', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'Alexis Breton', 'Further information', 'associate company', 'Period Dates', '6,991,558 treasury shares', 'XPAR Total', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'Nov', 'AMSTERDAM', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'number', 'Ticker', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'employees', 'members', 'issuer', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'accordance', 'bond', '48,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'Internet', 'Things', 'connectivity', 'Tel', 'Attachment']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13847,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/28/2563395/0/en/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Expected-Mandatory-Conversion-Bondholder-Notification.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Expected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification,PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION  28 November 2022  17:45 CET  Expected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification  Capitalised terms not...,"English DutchPRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION28 November 2022  17:45 CETExpected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder NotificationCapitalised terms not otherwise defined in this notice shall have the meaning given to them in the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds.Mechelen  Belgium  28 November 2022 – This announcement constitutes a notice (the “Expected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification”) in accordance with  respectively  Condition 5(m)(v) of the terms and conditions of the 4.00% convertible bonds due 2024/2027 (the ""Existing Convertible Bonds"") and Condition 6(b)(v) of the terms and conditions of the 4.50% new second lien secured convertible bonds due 2024/2026 (the ""New Convertible Bonds"") (together  the ""Terms and Conditions of the Bonds"") issued by Biocartis Group NV (the ""Company"" or ""Biocartis"")  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART).The Company today announces  that based on the information available to the Company as of the date of this announcement  the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date (as such term is defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds) is expected to occur on 2 December 2022 (the “Expected Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date”).If the Expected Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date does not occur on 2 December 2022  or the Company obtains information that the Expected Recapitalisation Transaction Completion Date will occur on a later date  the Company will inform the Bondholders thereof by way of press release and a new Expected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification.In accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds  the occurrence of the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date will result in a number of consequences for the holders of the Existing Convertible Bonds and/or the New Convertible Bonds  including (but not limited to):the automatic extension of the Final Maturity Dates of such Bonds to 9 November 2026 (in the case of the New Convertible Bonds) and 9 November 2027 (in the case of the Existing Convertible Bonds);the start of the Bondholder Conversion Option Period for the New Convertible Bonds; andthe Mandatory Conversion of 10% of the principal amount outstanding under each of the Existing Convertible Bonds and the New Convertible Bonds.The aforementioned Mandatory Conversion will occur 10 Brussels business days after the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date. If the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date occurs on 2 December 2022 (as expected) the Mandatory Conversion Date (in the case of the New Convertible Bonds) and the Conversion Date (in the case of the Existing Convertible Bonds) (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds) would be Friday  16 December 2022.The Bondholders are reminded that  in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the Bonds  the Bondholders will be required to complete certain formalities in order to obtain delivery of the shares issued pursuant to the aforementioned Mandatory Conversion. If the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date occurs on 2 December 2022 (as expected) the Cut-Off Date for completing such formalities would be Friday  9 December 2022. Failure to comply with the formalities by the applicable deadlines will result in the relevant shares being sold by the Share Settlement Agent and the proceeds (if any  after deducting a.o. the costs of such procedure) being distributed rateably to the relevant Bondholders. In view thereof  the Company encourages the Bondholders that have not yet been in contact with the Company in the context of the Recapitalisation Transactions to contact the Company urgently. Upon occurrence of the Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date  the Company will in its Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification provide further details on the exact formalities the Bondholders will need to comply with.The Terms and Conditions of the Bonds can be consulted  subject to applicable legal restrictions  on https://investors.biocartis.com/en/convertible-bonds .--- END ---More information:Renate DegraveHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Important informationThis announcement is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation 2017/1129  as amended (together with any applicable implementing measures in any Member State of the European Economic Area  the “Prospectus Regulation”) or the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by The Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (each as amended) (the ""UK Prospectus Regulation"").THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW.THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND DOES NOT FORM PART OF ANY OFFER TO SELL OR PURCHASE  OR THE SOLICITATION OF ANY OFFER TO SELL OR PURCHASE  ANY NEW BONDS  OUTSTANDING BONDS OR OTHER SECURITIES. THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT AND THE OFFER  SALE AND PURCHASE OF THE NEW BONDS  NEW TERM LOANS OR THE OUTSTANDING BONDS DESCRIBED IN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS MAY BE RESTRICTED BY LAW. ANY PERSONS READING THIS ANNOUNCEMENT SHOULD INFORM THEMSELVES OF AND OBSERVE ANY SUCH RESTRICTIONS.There shall be no offer  solicitation  sale or purchase or exchange of the Existing Convertible Bonds or the New Convertible Bonds in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation  sale  or purchase would be unlawful prior to registration  exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended from time to time (the ""U.S. Securities Act"") or the securities laws of any state of the United States  and may not be offered or sold in the United States unless these securities are registered under the U.S. Securities Act  or an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act is available.Biocartis has not registered  and does not intend to register  any portion of the offering of the securities concerned in the United States  and does not intend to conduct a public offering of securities in the United States. This communication is only addressed to and directed at persons in member states of the European Economic Area (each a ""Member States"") and in the United Kingdom who are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and of the UK Prospectus Regulation  respectively (""Qualified Investors""). This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order"") or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. This announcement cannot be used as a basis for any investment agreement or decision. Biocartis is not liable if the aforementioned restrictions are not complied with by any person.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Press release', '4.50% new second lien secured convertible bonds', 'new Expected Mandatory Conversion Bondholder Notification', 'Expected Recapitalisation Transaction Completion Date', 'Expected Recapitalisation Transactions Completion Date', 'Bondholder Conversion Option Period', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'Mandatory Conversion Date', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'Final Maturity Dates', 'Share Settlement Agent', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'fastest growing segment', 'New Convertible Bonds', 'applicable legal restrictions', 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'Existing Convertible Bonds', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'accurate molecular information', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'later date', 'Cut-Off Date', '4.00% convertible bonds', 'molecular testing', 'applicable deadlines', 'English Dutch', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'automatic extension', 'principal amount', 'Brussels business', 'Renate Degrave', 'Corporate Communications', 'Investor Relations', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'More information', 'relevant shares', 'universal access', 'exact formalities', 'relevant Bondholders', 'Capitalised terms', 'November', 'CET', 'notice', 'meaning', 'Conditions', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'announcement', 'accordance', 'BCART', '2 December', 'way', 'number', 'consequences', 'case', 'start', 'Friday', 'order', 'delivery', 'Failure', 'proceeds', 'costs', 'procedure', 'view', 'contact', 'context', 'details', 'investors', 'convertible-bonds', 'Head', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'lab', 'result', 'system', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorect', '28']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13848,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/28/2563417/0/en/PRESS-RELEASE-BIGBEN-2022-23-HALF-YEAR-RESULTS.html,PRESS RELEASE: BIGBEN: 2022-23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS,Press release           Lesquin  28 November 2022 18:00hrs  2022-23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS UP  138.5 M€...,"English FrenchPress releaseLesquin  28 November 2022 18:00hrs2022-23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS UP138.5 M€ SALES (+11.6%)11.8 M€ CURRENT OPERATING RESULT (+19.6%)7.6 M€ NET RESULT (+9.6%)STRONG GROWTH AMBITION REITERATED FOR FY 2023-24CONTINUATION OF THE GAMES PUBLISHING MOMENTIUMENCOURAGING OUTLOOK FOR THE AUDIOVIDEO/TELCO BUSINESSBIGBEN INTERACTIVE (ISIN FR0000074072) today releases its audited consolidated results for 1st Half Year 2022-23 (from April 1  2022 to September 30  2022) as approved by its Board of directors on 28 November 2022.Consolidated in M€ - IFRS 09/2022 09/2021 Change Sales 138.5 124.2 +11.6% Gross margin (1)In % of SalesEBITDA (2)In % of Sales64.846.8%28.320.4%51.441.4%24.619.8% +26.0%+15.2% Current operating incomeEBITAIn % of SalesNon recurrent items11.88.5%(1.4) 9.98.0%(5.8)+19.6%Operating incomeIn % of Sales10.57.6% 4.13.3% +153.6% Financial result (0.3) 4.8Earnings before taxIn % of Sales10.27.4% 9.07.2% +13.5% Tax (2.6) (2.0) Net result for the periodIn % of Sales 7.65.5% 6.95.6% +9.6%Growth in business and results in the first half of 2022-23In the first half of the year  the Bigben Group posted a 11.6% increase in sales to 138.5 M€  reflecting growth in its two business segments:- BIGBEN Audio-Video/Telco posted sustained growth (+19.3% to 61.0 M€)  mainly due to the strong momentum of the ""Mobile"" business and the success of the Force® ranges.- NACON Gaming recorded a 6.2% increase in sales to 77.5 M€. Video games grew by 72.3% to 47.0 M€. However  total activity remains impacted by the weakness of the accessories market.With the favorable evolution of the product mix in the Gaming activity and the success of the premium Audio-Video/Telco ranges  Gross Margin increased by 26.0% to 64.8 M€ in the first half. The Group's margin rate thus increased by 5.4 points to 46.8% (compared with 41.4% in HY1 2021-22).Current Operating Income amounted to 11.8 M€  up 19.6% compared to HY1 2021-22. Net Income for the first half of 2022-23  penalized by the integration of Metronic  was only 7.6 M€.Analysis of performance per business unitNACON-GAMING BIGBEN - AUDIOVIDEO/TELCO Consolidated in M€ - IFRS 09/2022 09/2021 Change 09/2022 09/2021 Change Sales 77.5 73.0 +6.2% 61.0 51.2 +19.3% Gross Margin 47.6 38.0 +25.1% 17.2 13.7 +28.8% In % of sales 61.4% 52.1% 28.2% 26.1% EBITDA 25.6 21.4 +19.8% 2.6 3.2 -15.9% In % sales 33.1% 29.3% 4.4% 6.2% Current Operating Income 11.1 8.4 +31.4% 0.7 1.4 -49.2% In % of sales 14.3% 11.6% 1.2% 2.8%Nacon Gaming posted first-half sales of 77.5 M€  up 6.2%  reflecting growth in the Games business. Over the period  this activity generated 47.0 M€ sales (+72.3%). With the launch of several iconic games in HY1  catalogue sales more than doubled to 25.4 M€  with a very strong growth in digital channels. Back catalogue sales (games released in previous years) also increased by 33.3% to 21.6 M€.Over the first half of the year  Accessories sales amounted to 28.5 M€  down 34.7%. This activity remains marked by a very high base effect  particularly in the USA  and by a sharp decline in the global market for headsets.Gross margin was 47.6 M€ or 61.4% of sales (52.1% in previous year). The product mix  with a lower relative weighting of Accessories (37% of total sales versus 60% in previous year) explains this increase in the gross margin rate.Current operating income for the first half of the year rose by 31.4% to 11.1 M€  or 14.3% of sales.Bigben - Audio-Video/Telco posted 61.0 M€ sales up 19.3%. Sales of mobile accessories were up 16.4% to 46.9 M€. They benefited from the removal by manufacturers of originally included chargers and pedestrian kits (1) from most new smartphones  and from the very good performance of the Force® ranges. Audio-Video sales rose by 29.6% to 14.0 M€ (including 6.1 M€ from the consolidation of Metronic).A product mix increasingly oriented towards premium brands enabled the gross margin rate to improve over the first half to 28.2% of revenues (vs. 26.1% in H1 2021-22).Current Operating Income for the year was 0.7 M€  compared with 1.4 M€ last year. Excluding the impact of Metronic  COI would have increased over the first half.. Actions are currently being taken to improve Metronic's profitability.A solid financial structure including major investments in the Gaming businessAt September 30  2022  Bigben Group had a solid balance sheet structure with 300.8 M€ shareholders' equity and 62.0 M€ cash. Net debt stood at 125.3 M€ at the end of the year  representing a 42 % gearing (2). During the first half of the year  the Group continued to invest for growth through the development of games (over 30 M€ capex in HY1 2022-23) and finalized the acquisition of Daedalic (32 M€ in HY1 2022-23).Group's cash-flow increased to 31.2 M€ (+23.7%) in the first half of 2022-23.Expected growth in results for 2022-23The Group has a sustained publishing activity at the end of the financial year and can count on the extension of the Force® ranges.Thus  the BIGBEN Group is confident in its ability to generate  over the 2022-23 fiscal year  sales and current operating income that are higher than the previous fiscal year.(1) Pedestrian kits refer to wired headphones for smartphones(2) Excluding IRFS 16 rental debt and earnout debt from acquisitionsAmbition for strong growth in FY 2023-24Nacon GamingIn FY 2023-24  NACON will continue to pursue a sustained and varied publishing activity. FY 2022-23 releases will feed FY 2023-24 back catalogue and will mechanically accelerate growth.The highly anticipated release of The Lord of the Rings GollumTM  an emblematic character from the world of J.R.R. Tolkien from the novel The Lord of the Rings  is now scheduled for HY1 2023-24.Bigben - Audio-Video/TelcoBigben Audio-Video/Telco's business will continue to benefit from market trends that are favorable to its development:- the launch by manufacturers of new ranges of smartphones without chargers and pedestrian kits(1)- Diversification of sales channels to penetrate the refurbished smartphone marketIn this buoyant context  Bigben Audio-Video/Telco intends to continue developing its Premium brands  together with an extended listing of these ranges. The extension of the Force® ranges and an increase in synergies with the Metronic group should contribute to business growth.Given the growth that should be sustained for NACON Gaming and the BIGBEN Audio-Video/Telco activity that should remain well oriented in FY 2023-24  the Group anticipates a strong growth as of next fiscal year and reaffirms its confidence in its medium-term prospects.Next event:Q3 2022-2023 sales  23 January 2023 Press release after close of the Euronext Paris stock exchangeSALES 2021-22275.7 M€HEADCOUNTOver 1200 employeesINTERNATIONAL31 subsidiaries and a distribution networkin more than 100 countrieswww.bigben-group.comBigben Interactive is a European player in video game development and publishing  in design and distribution of smartphone and gaming accessories as well as in audio products. The Group  which is recognized for its capacities in terms of innovation and creativity  intends to become one of Europe’s leaders in each of its marketsCompany listed on Euronext Paris  compartment B – Index : CAC Mid & Small – Eligible SRD longISIN : FR0000074072 ; Reuters : BIGPA ; Bloomberg : BIGFPPRESS CONTACTSCapValue – Gilles Broquelet gbroquelet@capvalue.fr - +33 1 80 81 50 01LEXICONGROSS MARGIN: Sales - Cost of goods sold; other operating revenues posted between Gross Margin and EBITDAEBITDA: Current operating income before depreciation and amortization of tangible and intangible assetsCOI RATE: Operating income before non-recurring items as a percentage of salesAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.23,0.31,True,English,"['2022-23 HALF-YEAR RESULTS', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'BIGBEN', 'solid balance sheet structure', 'solid financial structure', 'Press release Lesquin', 'Non recurrent items', 'high base effect', 'lower relative weighting', 'most new smartphones', 'Current operating income', 'GAMES PUBLISHING MOMENTIUM', 'two business segments', 'several iconic games', 'sustained publishing activity', 'gross margin rate', ""300.8 M€ shareholders' equity"", 'Back catalogue sales', 'STRONG GROWTH AMBITION', 'premium Audio-Video/Telco ranges', '1st Half Year', 'Net Income', 'premium brands', 'OPERATING RESULT', 'strong momentum', 'Force® ranges', 'financial y', 'first half', 'Financial result', 'English French', 'ENCOURAGING OUTLOOK', 'sustained growth', 'Mobile"" business', 'NACON Gaming', 'Video games', 'favorable evolution', 'product mix', 'business unit', 'Games business', 'digital channels', 'previous years', 'sharp decline', 'global market', 'pedestrian kits', 'major investments', 'Gaming business', 'Net debt', 'BIGBEN INTERACTIVE', 'BIGBEN Audio-Video/Telco', 'NACON-GAMING BIGBEN', 'total activity', 'Gaming activity', 'Net result', 'accessories market', 'mobile accessories', 'first-half sales', 'total sales', 'Audio-Video sales', 'HALF-YEAR RESULTS', 'AUDIOVIDEO/TELCO BUSINESS', 'consolidated results', 'Bigben Group', 'good performance', 'Accessories sales', '62.0 M€ cash', '30 M€ capex', 'Change Sales', 'The Group', 'Sales EBITDA', '47.0 M€ sales', '61.0 M€ sales', '7.6 M', '138.5 M', '77.5 M', '64.8 M', '25.4 M', '21.6 M', '11.1 M', '46.9 M', '14.0 M', '6.1 M€', '0.7 M', '1.4 M', '125.3 M', '28 November', 'FY', 'CONTINUATION', 'ISIN', 'April', 'September', 'Board', 'directors', 'IFRS', 'EBITA', 'Earnings', 'tax', 'period', '11.6% increase', 'success', '6.2% increase', 'weakness', '5.4 points', 'HY1', 'integration', 'Metronic', 'Analysis', 'launch', 'USA', 'headsets', 'removal', 'manufacturers', 'chargers', 'consolidation', 'revenues', 'H1', 'impact', 'COI', 'Actions', 'profitability', 'end', '42 % gearing', 'development', 'acquisition', 'Daedalic', 'cash-flow', '72', '11.8', '28.5', '31.2']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13849,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/28/2562786/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 25 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6666 £ 24.2912 Estimated MTD return -1.59 % -1.49 % Estimated YTD return -5.25 % -4.01 % Estimated ITD return 176.67 % 142.91 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.04 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.67 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.7670 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.5702The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13850,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/28/2562789/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED    Ordinary Shares   The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 25 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6666 £ 24.2912 Estimated MTD return -1.59 % -1.49 % Estimated YTD return -5.25 % -4.01 % Estimated ITD return 176.67 % 142.91 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.04 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.67 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.7670 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.5702The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Average Price', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13859,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.finextra.com/newsarticle/41401/sustainable-finance-live-how-can-nature-be-made-bankable,Sustainable Finance Live: How can nature be made bankable?,How are different financial institutions approaching climate strategy and sustainable investment? The potential for sustainable investment was explored in the keynote presentation: How can nature be made bankable? by founder of ResponsibleRisk Richard Peers a…,How are different financial institutions approaching climate strategy and sustainable investment? The potential for sustainable investment was explored in the keynote presentation: How can nature be made bankable? by founder of ResponsibleRisk Richard Peers and CEO of sustainable investment company Mirova  Philippe Zaouati.“Climate and nature is a double-sided coin. Most big companies in a variety of industries realise that they have a lot dependencies on nature. However  starting to understand dependecies is not enough  they need to have to right information to move forward ” Zaouati began.Zaouati listed three pillars as part of the roadmap on the impact of companies on nature: the first being participating in biodiversity in nature  the second is helping the market in biodiversity  and the third and most important is investing in nature-based solutions.As an example  Zaouati cited French fintech Iceberg Data Lab as having the first set of data to report the impact of businesses on nature.Emphasising that the investment of economic conveyable entities with the objective of restoration can contribute greatly to sustainable development  Zaouati cited the Sustainable Ocean Fund that is working on nature-based projects in Latin America to restore land and water ecosystems and combat deforestation as a successful example of sustainable investment.Zaouati concluded: “Utilising land and labels to restore land  plant trees  harvest  aiding the local population in partnerships between NGOs  farmers on the ground  and co-investors  and scaling up businesses led by expert innovation will have a long term impact and is a part of a big roadmap in our investment framework.”The largest green finance instrument is a bond  but whether they are green  sustainability linked  or conventional  the jury is out on the impact they deliver.Sustainable Finance Live explored how while the BIS are exploring tokenisation of bonds and how new forms such as sovereign sustainability linked bonds are emerging  the use of distributed ledger technology is currently being debated by banks and other financial institutions.However  can the use of blockchain and encryption algorithms truly help boost confidence in the green bond market? Or do we need alternatives such as rewilding tokens as verifiers of impact? All these questions were debated in a panel led byRichard Peers  who was joined by Shana Vida Gavron  CEO and founder  Endangered Wild.Life; Paul Jepson  head of innovation  Ecosulis; and Professor Brian Scott-Quinn  chairman  ICMA Centre for Financial Markets.While the session title was ‘What are the benefits of green bonds vs. green tokens?’ Peers explained that it is not a battle. Instead  the sustainable finance industry must consider what is occurring within institutions and within communities. “Is there not merit in both ” Peers asked. Bond instruments are the largest provider of finance for sustainability. However  increased proceeds do not mean impact will be made on the ground.We are now in the age of sustainability linked bonds and sovereign linked bonds  which do have greater veracity  but also come at a greater cost. The panel explored the capitalisation of nature and whether this means that we lose nature. Should we be pricing nature? Gavron posited that perhaps the sector should separate pricing nature and valuing nature.By putting a price tag on nature  it could incentivise people to destroy nature. Moreover  by not putting a value on nature  biodiversity could be taken for granted. Gavron continued to explain that we must think about how human make purchases and how we place more value on objects that are more expensive. In this respect  we as a society  are letting nature down.“We must acknowledge that nature is at the very core of how we survive ” Gavron said. “The greatest service provider – everyone interacts with nature and by not being able to put value on nature is ignoring a large part of our planet. We should feel obliged to value nature and actually recognise the snail in your garden is creating value. Start levelling the playing field and value nature in the same way we value companies. Some species are equivalent to multinational corporations in terms of value ” Gavron explained.But how do we value nature? How do we manage this value and measure it? How do we make nature recovery and rewilding investable? How do we make nature fit for finance? How do we make finance fit for nature? In answer to these questions  Jepson responded by saying that there have been two large shifts in the biodiversity and conservation world.“There has been a big shift from the goal to protect nature from humans and corporations to a second agenda where nature recovery and restoration is being viewed as a major opportunity for investment ” Jepson said. As explored in other sessions  there has been no historic precedent to resolving the issue of climate change  so it is difficult to imagine what investment into this space can deliver.Jepson’s view is to measure what is in front of us and configure ecosystems now that we have the science to back it and can measure the components against function  structure  and integrity. He provided an overview of the Ecosulis digital asset which is a nature impact token underpinned by metrics of recovery. While this token is inspired by NFTs  it is a nature positive biodiversity credit that acts more like a share in a company.Scott-Quinn also questioned the concept of green bonds and tokens. “If we’re going to save nature and biodiversity  we must consider the energy transition and for this to be successful  funding is required and that will come from the infrastructure of bond markets.” He added that in time  all bonds and loans will need to be green. Investors are buying green bonds – for whatever reason  virtue signalling or otherwise – but the issues persist.Scott-Quinn suggested that while “blockchain and distributed ledgers will help  it won’t solve the real problems.” The industry has been working on common domain models  which he described as a “blockchain without blockchain” but this could lead to the likes of Swift and Euroclear being disintermediated  which is why they are heavily involved in the creation of these projects.Decentralised blockchains provide a common view across the chain of events across the bond process and over issuance  trading  clearing and settlement  but it calls into question whether intermediaries need to be abolished  or if they provide the security that is required.Scott-Quinn concluded by saying that greenwashing still permeates the landscape and the only way that real change can be made is if directors of companies are held personally liable for untruths about how sustainable their businesses are. “The green revolution will fail unless huge number of green litigation cases actually succeed. Directors need to be taken to court and held personally liable for the things that they say  and that is the only thing that will speed up the climate change mitigation revolution.”CEO of Chora Foundation  Gina Belle  explored use cases in both public and private sectors to incite environmental and social change using sustainable strategy in her presentation: 'The transformation challenge: ? uncertainty  Δ strategic innovation  $ capital allocation.' Observing how positive change can be made in the financial industry  Belle touched on how transformative action is becoming more complex in the sustainable finance sector.Belle explained that Chora Foundation works in disrupted systems at the intersections of SDGs  creating an impact on a societal level  and using financial services to manage risk and adapt to what comes next. She detailed a triple-tiered model of how Chora aims to tackle the current challenges in the space:1. Capital allocation: determining the right amount of capital and financial resource to invest in your sustainable strategy;2. Strategic innovation: managing investments to respond to present needs and problems that climate change is creating; and 3. Uncertainty: coping with strategic uncertainty and risks to your business created by rapidly increasing complexity.Belle emphasised that Chora examines the evolving role of finance that interacts at intervention  human experiences  and resources; leveraging new resources to create positive value. Moving back to strategic innovation  she defined it as a means to learn ways into change and adaptively manage strategies over time in complex systems.Belle noted that not many organisations take into account complexity and ambiguity in sustainability strategy  but instead building organisational departments to be compliant with ESG strategies.“I think one of the opportunity spaces that we identified in the beginning is what happens if we start to create constellations of action and value generation. What we realised is that these things don't neatly plug into each other. Often think about sustainability  ESG  regulation compliance  and data  almost like Tetris; like we are trying to fit everything together perfectly. What we really need is ways of actually forming shared intent  and then using our human judgement and forging informal and social connections between organisations that can attend to the things that sit in between measurable data and all the things that we are trying to fill the boxes in.”Using a case study of sustainable tourism in Egypt as an example  Belle explained how Chora explored and designed a variety of options to move towards sustainable tourism using the Social System Transformation Canvas  a tool to help manage the complexity and multiple dimensions of a problem. They analysed different journeys towards the desired outcomes  using their portfolio as a source of new solutions and generate new strategic intelligence.Belle questioned: “Whose job is it to invest in the future of sustainability and resilience of whole systems?” She went on to challenge the audience to be willing to step into a space of unprecedented change  collaboration  and investments inside organisations and across organisations.“You cannot stay the same and transform at the same time ” Belle concluded.,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.17,0.43,True,English,"['Sustainable Finance Live', 'nature', 'French fintech Iceberg Data Lab', 'sovereign sustainability linked bonds', 'largest green finance instrument', 'sovereign linked bonds', 'economic conveyable entities', 'distributed ledger technology', 'Endangered Wild.Life', 'Professor Brian Scott-Quinn', 'Sustainable Ocean Fund', 'greatest service provider', 'two large shifts', 'different financial institutions', 'Sustainable Finance Live', 'sustainable finance industry', 'other financial institutions', 'Shana Vida Gavron', 'long term impact', 'ResponsibleRisk Richard Peers', 'sustainable investment company', 'Most big companies', 'green bond market', 'largest provider', 'green bonds', 'green tokens', 'Financial Markets', 'sustainable development', 'other sessions', 'big shift', 'keynote presentation', 'double-sided coin', 'lot dependencies', 'right information', 'three pillars', 'nature-based solutions', 'first set', 'nature-based projects', 'Latin America', 'plant trees', 'local population', 'new forms', 'encryption algorithms', 'rewilding tokens', 'ICMA Centre', 'session title', 'Bond instruments', 'greater veracity', 'greater cost', 'price tag', 'playing field', 'same way', 'conservation world', 'second agenda', 'major opportunity', 'historic precedent', 'big roadmap', 'large part', 'investment framework', 'climate strategy', 'climate change', 'water ecosystems', 'successful example', 'expert innovation', 'multinational corporations', 'Paul Jepson', 'Philippe Zaouati', 'pricing nature', 'nature recovery', 'potential', 'founder', 'CEO', 'Mirova', 'variety', 'industries', 'dependecies', 'biodiversity', 'businesses', 'objective', 'restoration', 'land', 'deforestation', 'labels', 'harvest', 'partnerships', 'NGOs', 'farmers', 'ground', 'investors', 'jury', 'BIS', 'tokenisation', 'use', 'banks', 'blockchain', 'confidence', 'alternatives', 'verifiers', 'questions', 'panel', 'head', 'Ecosulis', 'chairman', 'benefits', 'battle', 'communities', 'merit', 'proceeds', 'capitalisation', 'sector', 'people', 'value', 'human', 'purchases', 'objects', 'respect', 'society', 'core', 'everyone', 'planet', 'snail', 'garden', 'species', 'terms', 'answer', 'goal', 'issue', 'space', 'view', 'front']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,finextra.com
13860,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/diebold-nixdorf-incorporated-announces-commencement-043500078.html,Diebold Nixdorf  Incorporated Announces the Commencement of Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations with respect to its Outstanding 9.375% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 and Diebold Nixdorf Dutch Holding B.V.'s 9.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2025,"Diebold Nixdorf  Incorporated (""Parent"") (NYSE:DBD) today announced the commencement of private exchange offers and consent solicitations (the ""Exchange...","HUDSON  Ohio  Nov. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Diebold Nixdorf  Incorporated (""Parent"") (NYSE:DBD) today announced the commencement of private exchange offers and consent solicitations (the ""Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations"") with respect to the outstanding 9.375% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 issued by Parent (144A CUSIP: 253657AA8; 144A ISIN: US253657AA82; REG S CUSIP: U25317AA3; ISIN: USU25317AA30) (the ""2025 USD Senior Notes"") and the outstanding 9.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 issued by Diebold Nixdorf Dutch Holding B.V. (the ""Dutch Issuer"")  a direct and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (144A ISIN: XS2206383080; 144A Common Code 220638308; REG S ISIN: XS2206382868; REG S Common Code 220638286 (the ""2025 EUR Senior Notes""  and together with the 2025 USD Senior Notes  the ""Existing Notes"").Diebold Nixdorf Primary Logo. (PRNewsFoto/Diebold Nixdorf) (PRNewsfoto/Diebold Nixdorf)Exchange Offers and Consent SolicitationsThe Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations include private offers to Eligible Holders (as defined below) to exchange (i) any and all 2025 USD Senior Notes for new senior secured notes (the ""New 2025 USD Senior Notes"") having the same terms as the 2025 USD Senior Notes  other than the issue date and other than with respect to CUSIP and ISIN numbers  along with certain enhancements to the covenants and collateral and guarantee provisions  and (ii) any and all 2025 EUR Senior Notes for new senior secured notes (the ""New 2025 EUR Senior Notes"" and  together with the New 2025 USD Senior Notes  the ""New Notes"") having the same terms as the 2025 USD Senior Notes  other than the issue date and other than with respect to ISIN numbers and common codes  along with certain enhancements to the covenants and collateral and guarantee provisions. Eligible Holders that validly tender their Existing Notes will also receive accrued and unpaid interest on the Existing Notes on the Settlement Date (as defined below).The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are being made on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offering Memorandum and Consent Solicitation Statement  dated as of November 28  2022 (the ""Offering Memorandum"")  and the related eligibility letter  which set forth in more detail the terms and conditions of the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations.Story continuesIn connection with the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations  Parent and the Dutch Issuer are also soliciting consents to enter into supplemental indentures with respect to (i) the indenture governing the 2025 USD Senior Notes  dated as of July 20  2020 (the ""2025 USD Senior Notes Indenture"")  and (ii) the indenture governing the 2025 EUR Senior Notes  dated as of July 20  2020 (the ""2025 EUR Senior Notes Indenture"" and  together with the 2025 USD Senior Notes Indenture  the ""Senior Notes Indentures"")  in order to amend certain provisions of the Indentures to  among other things  permit the Refinancing Transactions (as defined below) set forth in the Transaction Support Agreement (as defined below)  as described in more detail in the Offering Memorandum.The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations will expire at 11:59 p.m.  New York City time  on December 23  2022 unless earlier terminated or extended by Parent (such time and date  as it may be extended  the ""Expiration Date""). Existing Notes tendered may be withdrawn at any time prior to 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on December 9  2022  but not thereafter.For each $1 000 in principal amount of 2025 USD Senior Notes that an Eligible Holder validly tenders (and does not validly withdraw) in accordance with the terms of the Offering Memorandum  such Eligible Holder will receive $1 030 in principal amount of New 2025 USD Senior Notes  and for each €1 000 in principal amount of 2025 EUR Senior Notes that an Eligible Holder validly tenders (and does not validly withdraw) in accordance with the terms of the Offering Memorandum  such Eligible Holder will receive €1 030 in principal amount of New 2025 EUR Senior Notes (collectively  the ""Exchange Offer Consideration""). The Eligible Holders will receive the Exchange Offer Consideration and accrued and unpaid interest on the Existing Notes on the settlement date  which we expect will be the third business day following the Expiration Date (the ""Settlement Date"").The 2025 USD Senior Notes may be tendered in minimum denominations of $2 000 principal amount and integral multiples of $1 000 in excess thereof. The 2025 EUR Senior Notes may be tendered in minimum denominations of €100 000 principal amount and integral multiples of €1 000 in excess thereof. The New Notes and the Exchange Offer Consideration will only be issued in minimum denominations of $2 000 or €2 000  as applicable  and any integral multiple of $1 000 or €1 000  as applicable. New Notes or Exchange Offer Consideration in denominations of less than $2 000 or €2 000  as applicable  will not be issued and Eligible Holders will receive cash in lieu thereof.As previously reported  Parent entered into a Transaction Support Agreement (the ""Transaction Support Agreement"") dated October 20  2022  with certain of its subsidiaries  including the Dutch Issuer  and certain holders of Parent's existing indebtedness (the ""TSA Supporting Parties"")  which was subsequently amended on the date hereof  whereby the TSA Supporting Parties have agreed to the principal terms of a new money financing and recapitalization and exchanges that address certain near-term debt maturities (the ""Refinancing Transactions"")  subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. The TSA Supporting Parties represent over 90% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 USD Senior Notes  over 90% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 EUR Senior Notes  approximately 97% of the aggregate principal amount of Parent's existing term loans and approximately 83% of the aggregate principal amount of Parent's 2024 Senior Notes. The terms and conditions of the Transaction Support Agreement are described more fully in the Offering Memorandum and in Parent's Form 8-K filed on October 20  2022 and Form 8-K submitted on the date hereof.The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are subject to certain conditions  which Parent and the Dutch Issuer may waive in full or in part in their sole discretion  but subject to the terms of the Transaction Support Agreement  including  subject to waiver  minimum participation thresholds of 83.4% for the exchange of the 2024 Senior Notes and 95% for the exchange of the existing term loans  in each case as such exchanges are described more fully in the Transaction Support Agreement and the Offering Memorandum  among other conditions. Consummation of the Refinancing Transactions on the Settlement Date is a condition to the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations. If the conditions to the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are not satisfied  the supplemental indentures to the Senior Notes Indentures will not become operative.D.F. King & Co.  Inc. will also act as the Information and Exchange Agent for the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations. Questions or requests for assistance related to the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations or for copies of the Offering Memorandum may be directed to D.F. King & Co.  Inc. at (800) 290-6428 (U.S. toll free)  +1(212) 269-5550 (collect)  or diebold@dfking.com (email). You may also contact your broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations.Eligible Holders are advised to check with any bank  securities broker or other intermediary through which they hold Existing Notes as to when such intermediary would need to receive instructions from such Eligible Holder in order for that Eligible Holder to be able to participate in  or withdraw their instruction to participate in  the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations  before the deadlines specified herein and in the Offering Memorandum. The deadlines set by any such intermediary  The Depositary Trust Company  Euroclear Bank SA/NV or Clearstream Banking société anonyme for the submission and withdrawal of tender instructions will also be earlier than the relevant deadlines specified herein and in the Offering Memorandum.The New Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"") or any state securities laws. Therefore  the New Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws. The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are being made  and the New Notes are being offered and issued  and this announcement is directed  only (a) in the United States  to holders of the Existing Notes who are (i) ""qualified institutional buyers"" (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or (ii) an institutional ""accredited investor"" as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)(1)  (2)  (3) or (7) under the Securities Act  and (b) outside the United States to holders of the Existing Notes who are not  and who are not acting for the account or benefit of  any U.S. person as that term is defined in Rule 902 under the Securities Act and  in each case  if the holder is in the European Economic Area  the United Kingdom  Canada or another relevant jurisdiction  such holder is a ""non-U.S. qualified offeree."" The holders of the Existing Notes who have certified to Parent and that they are eligible to participate in one or both of the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations pursuant to at least one of the foregoing conditions as set forth in the eligibility letter are referred to as ""Eligible Holders."" Only Eligible Holders are authorized to receive or review the Offering Memorandum or to participate in the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations. The New Notes will not be transferable except in accordance with the restrictions described in the Offering Memorandum. The eligibility letter can be accessed at the following link: www.dfking.com/diebold.For the purposes of the foregoing paragraph  ""non-U.S. qualified offeree"" means:(1) Any person that is located and/or resident in a Member State of the European Economic Area and is (x) a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) and (y) not a retail investor. For these purposes  a ""retail investor"" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  ""MiFID II""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended)  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;(2) Any person that is located and/or resident in the United Kingdom and is:(x) a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (""EUWA"");(y) not a retail investor; and(z) an investment professional falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order"") or (iii) a high net worth entity or other person to whom it may lawfully be communicated   falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) of the Order ;and for the purposes of this paragraph (2)  a ""retail investor"" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the ""FSMA"") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;(3) Any person that is resident in the Provinces of Ontario  British Columbia or Alberta  Canada and is (i) an accredited investor  as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)  as applicable  and (ii) a permitted client as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements  Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations; or(4) Any person outside the United States  the European Economic Area  the United Kingdom and Canada to whom the Exchange Offers may be made in compliance with all other applicable laws and regulations of any applicable jurisdiction.About Diebold NixdorfDiebold Nixdorf  Incorporated (NYSE: DBD) automates  digitizes and transforms the way people bank and shop. As a partner to the majority of the world's top 100 financial institutions and top 25 global retailers  our integrated solutions connect digital and physical channels conveniently  securely and efficiently for millions of consumers each day. The company has a presence in more than 100 countries with approximately 22 000 employees worldwide. Visit www.DieboldNixdorf.com for more information.DisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or buy  nor the solicitation of an offer to sell or buy  any securities referred to herein. Any solicitation or offer will only be made pursuant to the Offering Memorandum and only to such persons and in such jurisdictions as is permitted under applicable law.The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are being made solely pursuant to the Offering Memorandum. The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are not being made to holders of Existing Notes in any jurisdiction in which the making or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities  blue sky or other laws of such jurisdiction. In any jurisdiction in which the securities laws or blue sky laws require the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations to be made by a licensed broker or dealer  the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations will be deemed to be made on behalf of Parent and the Dutch Issuer by the Dealer Managers for the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations or one or more registered brokers or dealers that are licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains statements that are not historical information and are ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements give current expectations or forecasts of future events and are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements include  but are not limited to  projections  statements regarding the company's expected future performance (including expected results of operations and financial guidance)  future financial condition  potential impact of the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic  anticipated operating results  strategy plans  future liquidity and financial position.Statements can generally be identified as forward looking because they include words such as ""believes "" ""anticipates "" ""expects "" ""intends "" ""plans "" ""will "" ""estimates "" ""potential "" ""target "" ""predict "" ""project "" ""seek "" and variations thereof or ""could "" ""should"" or words of similar meaning. Statements that describe the company's future plans  objectives or goals are also forward-looking statements  which reflect the current views of the company with respect to future events and are subject to assumptions  risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Although the company believes that these forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions regarding  among other things  the economy  its knowledge of its business  and key performance indicators that impact the company  these forward-looking statements involve risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements.Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date hereof.The factors that may affect the company's results include  among others:our ability to successfully complete the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Support Agreement  including the ability to negotiate and execute definitive documentation  the receipt of required consents to any or all of such transactions  satisfaction of any conditions in any such documentation and the availability of alternative transactions;the overall impact of the global supply chain complexities on the company and its business  including delays in sourcing key components as well as longer transport times  especially for container ships and U.S. trucking  given the company's reliance on suppliers  subcontractors and availability of raw materials and other components;our ability to successfully convert our backlog into sales  including our ability to overcome supply chain and liquidity challenges;the ultimate impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and other public health emergencies  including further adverse effects to the company's supply chain  maintenance of increased order backlog  and the effects of any COVID-19 related cancellations;the company's ability to successfully meet its cost-reduction goals and continue to achieve benefits from its cost-reduction initiatives and other strategic initiatives  such as the current $150m+ cost savings plan;the success of the company's new products  including its DN Series line and EASY family of retail checkout solutions  and electronic vehicle charging service business;the impact of a cybersecurity breach or operational failure on the company's business;the company's ability to generate sufficient cash to service its debt or to comply with the covenants contained in the agreements governing its debt and to successfully refinance its debt;the company's ability to attract  retain and motivate key employees;the company's reliance on suppliers  subcontractors and availability of raw materials and other components;changes in the company's intention to further repatriate cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments residing in international tax jurisdictions  which could negatively impact foreign and domestic taxes;the company's success in divesting  reorganizing or exiting non-core and/or non-accretive businesses and its ability to successfully manage acquisitions  divestitures  and alliances;the ultimate outcome of the appraisal proceedings initiated in connection with the implementation of the Domination and Profit Loss Transfer Agreement with the former Diebold Nixdorf AG (which was dismissed in the company's favor at the lower court level in May 2022) and the merger/squeeze-out;the impact of market and economic conditions  including the bankruptcies  restructuring or consolidations of financial institutions  which could reduce the company's customer base and/or adversely affect its customers' ability to make capital expenditures  as well as adversely impact the availability and cost of credit;the impact of competitive pressures  including pricing pressures and technological developments;changes in political  economic or other factors such as currency exchange rates  inflation rates (including the impact of possible currency devaluations in countries experiencing high inflation rates)  recessionary or expansive trends  hostilities or conflicts (including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine)  disruption in energy supply  taxes and regulations and laws affecting the worldwide business in each of the company's operations;the company's ability to maintain effective internal controls;unanticipated litigation  claims or assessments  as well as the outcome/impact of any current/pending litigation  claims or assessments;the effect of changes in law and regulations or the manner of enforcement in the U.S. and internationally and the company's ability to comply with government regulations; andother factors included in the company's filings with the SEC  including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021  its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31  2022  June 30  2022 and September 30  2022  and in other documents the company files with the SEC.Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation  the company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.You should consider these factors carefully in evaluating forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements.CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/diebold-nixdorf-incorporated-announces-the-commencement-of-exchange-offers-and-consent-solicitations-with-respect-to-its-outstanding-9-375-senior-secured-notes-due-2025-and-diebold-nixdorf-dutch-holding-bvs-9-000-senior-secu-301688452.htmlSOURCE Diebold Nixdorf  Incorporated",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.49,0.16,0.35,True,English,"['Diebold Nixdorf Dutch Holding B.V.', 'Outstanding 9.375% Senior Secured Notes', '9.000% Senior Secured Notes', 'Exchange Offers', 'Consent Solicitations', 'Commencement', 'respect', 'Diebold Nixdorf Dutch Holding B.V.', 'Diebold Nixdorf Primary Logo', 'new senior secured notes', 'New 2025 EUR Senior Notes', 'REG S Common Code', 'New 2025 USD Senior Notes', 'outstanding 9.000% Senior Secured Notes', 'The 2025 USD Senior Notes', 'New York City time', '2025 EUR Senior Notes Indenture', '2025 USD Senior Notes Indenture', '9.375% Senior Secured Notes', 'The New Notes', '144A Common Code', 'related eligibility letter', 'Transaction Support Agreement', 'third business day', 'REG S CUSIP', 'REG S ISIN', 'Exchange Offer Consideration', 'Senior Notes Indentures', 'Consent Solicitation Statement', 'The Exchange Offers', 'private exchange offers', 'The Eligible Holders', 'Dutch Issuer', 'common codes', 'Existing Notes', 'private offers', '144A ISIN', 'consent solicitations', '4A CUSIP', 'ISIN numbers', 'unpaid interest', 'Offering Memorandum', 'supplemental indentures', 'other things', 'Refinancing Transactions', 'principal amount', 'integral multiples', 'issue date', 'Settlement Date', 'Expiration Date', 'minimum denominations', 'guarantee provisions', 'same terms', 'HUDSON', 'Ohio', 'PRNewswire', 'Parent', 'commencement', 'respect', 'direct', 'subsidiary', 'PRNewsFoto', 'enhancements', 'covenants', 'collateral', 'accrued', 'conditions', 'November', 'detail', 'Story', 'connection', 'consents', 'July', 'order', 'December', 'accordance', 'excess', 'cash', 'lieu', '11:59', '5:00']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13861,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/diebold-nixdorf-incorporated-announces-the-commencement-of-exchange-offers-and-consent-solicitations-with-respect-to-its-outstanding-9-375-senior-secured-notes-due-2025-and-diebold-nixdorf-dutch-holding-bvs-9-000-senior-secu-301688452.html,Diebold Nixdorf  Incorporated Announces the Commencement of Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations with respect to its Outstanding 9.375% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 and Diebold Nixdorf Dutch Holding B.V.'s 9.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2025,"HUDSON  Ohio  Nov. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Diebold Nixdorf  Incorporated (""Parent"") (NYSE:DBD) today announced the commencement of private exchange offers and consent solicitations (the ""Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations"") with respect to the outstan…","HUDSON  Ohio  Nov. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Diebold Nixdorf  Incorporated (""Parent"") (NYSE:DBD) today announced the commencement of private exchange offers and consent solicitations (the ""Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations"") with respect to the outstanding 9.375% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 issued by Parent (144A CUSIP: 253657AA8; 144A ISIN: US253657AA82; REG S CUSIP: U25317AA3; ISIN: USU25317AA30) (the ""2025 USD Senior Notes"") and the outstanding 9.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 issued by Diebold Nixdorf Dutch Holding B.V. (the ""Dutch Issuer"")  a direct and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (144A ISIN: XS2206383080; 144A Common Code 220638308; REG S ISIN: XS2206382868; REG S Common Code 220638286 (the ""2025 EUR Senior Notes""  and together with the 2025 USD Senior Notes  the ""Existing Notes"").Exchange Offers and Consent SolicitationsThe Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations include private offers to Eligible Holders (as defined below) to exchange (i) any and all 2025 USD Senior Notes for new senior secured notes (the ""New 2025 USD Senior Notes"") having the same terms as the 2025 USD Senior Notes  other than the issue date and other than with respect to CUSIP and ISIN numbers  along with certain enhancements to the covenants and collateral and guarantee provisions  and (ii) any and all 2025 EUR Senior Notes for new senior secured notes (the ""New 2025 EUR Senior Notes"" and  together with the New 2025 USD Senior Notes  the ""New Notes"") having the same terms as the 2025 USD Senior Notes  other than the issue date and other than with respect to ISIN numbers and common codes  along with certain enhancements to the covenants and collateral and guarantee provisions. Eligible Holders that validly tender their Existing Notes will also receive accrued and unpaid interest on the Existing Notes on the Settlement Date (as defined below).The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are being made on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offering Memorandum and Consent Solicitation Statement  dated as of November 28  2022 (the ""Offering Memorandum"")  and the related eligibility letter  which set forth in more detail the terms and conditions of the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations.In connection with the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations  Parent and the Dutch Issuer are also soliciting consents to enter into supplemental indentures with respect to (i) the indenture governing the 2025 USD Senior Notes  dated as of July 20  2020 (the ""2025 USD Senior Notes Indenture"")  and (ii) the indenture governing the 2025 EUR Senior Notes  dated as of July 20  2020 (the ""2025 EUR Senior Notes Indenture"" and  together with the 2025 USD Senior Notes Indenture  the ""Senior Notes Indentures"")  in order to amend certain provisions of the Indentures to  among other things  permit the Refinancing Transactions (as defined below) set forth in the Transaction Support Agreement (as defined below)  as described in more detail in the Offering Memorandum.The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations will expire at 11:59 p.m.  New York City time  on December 23  2022 unless earlier terminated or extended by Parent (such time and date  as it may be extended  the ""Expiration Date""). Existing Notes tendered may be withdrawn at any time prior to 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on December 9  2022  but not thereafter.For each $1 000 in principal amount of 2025 USD Senior Notes that an Eligible Holder validly tenders (and does not validly withdraw) in accordance with the terms of the Offering Memorandum  such Eligible Holder will receive $1 030 in principal amount of New 2025 USD Senior Notes  and for each €1 000 in principal amount of 2025 EUR Senior Notes that an Eligible Holder validly tenders (and does not validly withdraw) in accordance with the terms of the Offering Memorandum  such Eligible Holder will receive €1 030 in principal amount of New 2025 EUR Senior Notes (collectively  the ""Exchange Offer Consideration""). The Eligible Holders will receive the Exchange Offer Consideration and accrued and unpaid interest on the Existing Notes on the settlement date  which we expect will be the third business day following the Expiration Date (the ""Settlement Date"").The 2025 USD Senior Notes may be tendered in minimum denominations of $2 000 principal amount and integral multiples of $1 000 in excess thereof. The 2025 EUR Senior Notes may be tendered in minimum denominations of €100 000 principal amount and integral multiples of €1 000 in excess thereof. The New Notes and the Exchange Offer Consideration will only be issued in minimum denominations of $2 000 or €2 000  as applicable  and any integral multiple of $1 000 or €1 000  as applicable. New Notes or Exchange Offer Consideration in denominations of less than $2 000 or €2 000  as applicable  will not be issued and Eligible Holders will receive cash in lieu thereof.As previously reported  Parent entered into a Transaction Support Agreement (the ""Transaction Support Agreement"") dated October 20  2022  with certain of its subsidiaries  including the Dutch Issuer  and certain holders of Parent's existing indebtedness (the ""TSA Supporting Parties"")  which was subsequently amended on the date hereof  whereby the TSA Supporting Parties have agreed to the principal terms of a new money financing and recapitalization and exchanges that address certain near-term debt maturities (the ""Refinancing Transactions"")  subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. The TSA Supporting Parties represent over 90% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 USD Senior Notes  over 90% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 EUR Senior Notes  approximately 97% of the aggregate principal amount of Parent's existing term loans and approximately 83% of the aggregate principal amount of Parent's 2024 Senior Notes. The terms and conditions of the Transaction Support Agreement are described more fully in the Offering Memorandum and in Parent's Form 8-K filed on October 20  2022 and Form 8-K submitted on the date hereof.The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are subject to certain conditions  which Parent and the Dutch Issuer may waive in full or in part in their sole discretion  but subject to the terms of the Transaction Support Agreement  including  subject to waiver  minimum participation thresholds of 83.4% for the exchange of the 2024 Senior Notes and 95% for the exchange of the existing term loans  in each case as such exchanges are described more fully in the Transaction Support Agreement and the Offering Memorandum  among other conditions. Consummation of the Refinancing Transactions on the Settlement Date is a condition to the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations. If the conditions to the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are not satisfied  the supplemental indentures to the Senior Notes Indentures will not become operative.D.F. King & Co.  Inc. will also act as the Information and Exchange Agent for the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations. Questions or requests for assistance related to the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations or for copies of the Offering Memorandum may be directed to D.F. King & Co.  Inc. at (800) 290-6428 (U.S. toll free)  +1(212) 269-5550 (collect)  or [email protected] (email). You may also contact your broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations.Eligible Holders are advised to check with any bank  securities broker or other intermediary through which they hold Existing Notes as to when such intermediary would need to receive instructions from such Eligible Holder in order for that Eligible Holder to be able to participate in  or withdraw their instruction to participate in  the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations  before the deadlines specified herein and in the Offering Memorandum. The deadlines set by any such intermediary  The Depositary Trust Company  Euroclear Bank SA/NV or Clearstream Banking société anonyme for the submission and withdrawal of tender instructions will also be earlier than the relevant deadlines specified herein and in the Offering Memorandum.The New Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"") or any state securities laws. Therefore  the New Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws. The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are being made  and the New Notes are being offered and issued  and this announcement is directed  only (a) in the United States  to holders of the Existing Notes who are (i) ""qualified institutional buyers"" (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or (ii) an institutional ""accredited investor"" as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)(1)  (2)  (3) or (7) under the Securities Act  and (b) outside the United States to holders of the Existing Notes who are not  and who are not acting for the account or benefit of  any U.S. person as that term is defined in Rule 902 under the Securities Act and  in each case  if the holder is in the European Economic Area  the United Kingdom  Canada or another relevant jurisdiction  such holder is a ""non-U.S. qualified offeree."" The holders of the Existing Notes who have certified to Parent and that they are eligible to participate in one or both of the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations pursuant to at least one of the foregoing conditions as set forth in the eligibility letter are referred to as ""Eligible Holders."" Only Eligible Holders are authorized to receive or review the Offering Memorandum or to participate in the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations. The New Notes will not be transferable except in accordance with the restrictions described in the Offering Memorandum. The eligibility letter can be accessed at the following link: www.dfking.com/diebold.For the purposes of the foregoing paragraph  ""non-U.S. qualified offeree"" means:(1) Any person that is located and/or resident in a Member State of the European Economic Area and is (x) a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) and (y) not a retail investor. For these purposes  a ""retail investor"" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  ""MiFID II""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended)  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;(2) Any person that is located and/or resident in the United Kingdom and is:(x) a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (""EUWA"");(y) not a retail investor; and(z) an investment professional falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order"") or (iii) a high net worth entity or other person to whom it may lawfully be communicated   falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) of the Order ;and for the purposes of this paragraph (2)  a ""retail investor"" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the ""FSMA"") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;(3) Any person that is resident in the Provinces of Ontario  British Columbia or Alberta  Canada and is (i) an accredited investor  as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)  as applicable  and (ii) a permitted client as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements  Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations; or(4) Any person outside the United States  the European Economic Area  the United Kingdom and Canada to whom the Exchange Offers may be made in compliance with all other applicable laws and regulations of any applicable jurisdiction.About Diebold NixdorfDiebold Nixdorf  Incorporated (NYSE: DBD) automates  digitizes and transforms the way people bank and shop. As a partner to the majority of the world's top 100 financial institutions and top 25 global retailers  our integrated solutions connect digital and physical channels conveniently  securely and efficiently for millions of consumers each day. The company has a presence in more than 100 countries with approximately 22 000 employees worldwide. Visit www.DieboldNixdorf.com for more information.DisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or buy  nor the solicitation of an offer to sell or buy  any securities referred to herein. Any solicitation or offer will only be made pursuant to the Offering Memorandum and only to such persons and in such jurisdictions as is permitted under applicable law.The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are being made solely pursuant to the Offering Memorandum. The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are not being made to holders of Existing Notes in any jurisdiction in which the making or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities  blue sky or other laws of such jurisdiction. In any jurisdiction in which the securities laws or blue sky laws require the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations to be made by a licensed broker or dealer  the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations will be deemed to be made on behalf of Parent and the Dutch Issuer by the Dealer Managers for the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations or one or more registered brokers or dealers that are licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains statements that are not historical information and are ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements give current expectations or forecasts of future events and are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements include  but are not limited to  projections  statements regarding the company's expected future performance (including expected results of operations and financial guidance)  future financial condition  potential impact of the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic  anticipated operating results  strategy plans  future liquidity and financial position.Statements can generally be identified as forward looking because they include words such as ""believes "" ""anticipates "" ""expects "" ""intends "" ""plans "" ""will "" ""estimates "" ""potential "" ""target "" ""predict "" ""project "" ""seek "" and variations thereof or ""could "" ""should"" or words of similar meaning. Statements that describe the company's future plans  objectives or goals are also forward-looking statements  which reflect the current views of the company with respect to future events and are subject to assumptions  risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Although the company believes that these forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions regarding  among other things  the economy  its knowledge of its business  and key performance indicators that impact the company  these forward-looking statements involve risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements.Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date hereof.The factors that may affect the company's results include  among others:our ability to successfully complete the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Support Agreement  including the ability to negotiate and execute definitive documentation  the receipt of required consents to any or all of such transactions  satisfaction of any conditions in any such documentation and the availability of alternative transactions;the overall impact of the global supply chain complexities on the company and its business  including delays in sourcing key components as well as longer transport times  especially for container ships and U.S. trucking  given the company's reliance on suppliers  subcontractors and availability of raw materials and other components;our ability to successfully convert our backlog into sales  including our ability to overcome supply chain and liquidity challenges;the ultimate impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and other public health emergencies  including further adverse effects to the company's supply chain  maintenance of increased order backlog  and the effects of any COVID-19 related cancellations;the company's ability to successfully meet its cost-reduction goals and continue to achieve benefits from its cost-reduction initiatives and other strategic initiatives  such as the current $150m+ cost savings plan;the success of the company's new products  including its DN Series line and EASY family of retail checkout solutions  and electronic vehicle charging service business;the impact of a cybersecurity breach or operational failure on the company's business;the company's ability to generate sufficient cash to service its debt or to comply with the covenants contained in the agreements governing its debt and to successfully refinance its debt;the company's ability to attract  retain and motivate key employees;the company's reliance on suppliers  subcontractors and availability of raw materials and other components;changes in the company's intention to further repatriate cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments residing in international tax jurisdictions  which could negatively impact foreign and domestic taxes;the company's success in divesting  reorganizing or exiting non-core and/or non-accretive businesses and its ability to successfully manage acquisitions  divestitures  and alliances;the ultimate outcome of the appraisal proceedings initiated in connection with the implementation of the Domination and Profit Loss Transfer Agreement with the former Diebold Nixdorf AG (which was dismissed in the company's favor at the lower court level in May 2022 ) and the merger/squeeze-out;) and the merger/squeeze-out; the impact of market and economic conditions  including the bankruptcies  restructuring or consolidations of financial institutions  which could reduce the company's customer base and/or adversely affect its customers' ability to make capital expenditures  as well as adversely impact the availability and cost of credit;the impact of competitive pressures  including pricing pressures and technological developments;changes in political  economic or other factors such as currency exchange rates  inflation rates (including the impact of possible currency devaluations in countries experiencing high inflation rates)  recessionary or expansive trends  hostilities or conflicts (including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine )  disruption in energy supply  taxes and regulations and laws affecting the worldwide business in each of the company's operations;and )  disruption in energy supply  taxes and regulations and laws affecting the worldwide business in each of the company's operations; the company's ability to maintain effective internal controls;unanticipated litigation  claims or assessments  as well as the outcome/impact of any current/pending litigation  claims or assessments;the effect of changes in law and regulations or the manner of enforcement in the U.S. and internationally and the company's ability to comply with government regulations; andother factors included in the company's filings with the SEC  including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021   its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31  2022   June 30  2022 and September 30  2022   and in other documents the company files with the SEC.Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation  the company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.You should consider these factors carefully in evaluating forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements.SOURCE Diebold Nixdorf  Incorporated",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Diebold Nixdorf Dutch Holding B.V.', 'Outstanding 9.375% Senior Secured Notes', '9.000% Senior Secured Notes', 'Exchange Offers', 'Consent Solicitations', 'Commencement', 'respect', 'Diebold Nixdorf Dutch Holding B.V.', 'new senior secured notes', 'New 2025 EUR Senior Notes', 'REG S Common Code', 'New 2025 USD Senior Notes', 'outstanding 9.000% Senior Secured Notes', 'The 2025 USD Senior Notes', 'New York City time', '2025 EUR Senior Notes Indenture', '2025 USD Senior Notes Indenture', '9.375% Senior Secured Notes', 'The New Notes', '144A Common Code', 'related eligibility letter', 'Transaction Support Agreement', 'third business day', 'REG S CUSIP', 'REG S ISIN', 'Exchange Offer Consideration', 'Senior Notes Indentures', 'Consent Solicitation Statement', 'The Exchange Offers', 'private exchange offers', 'The Eligible Holders', 'Dutch Issuer', 'common codes', 'Existing Notes', 'private offers', '144A ISIN', 'consent solicitations', '4A CUSIP', 'ISIN numbers', 'unpaid interest', 'Offering Memorandum', 'supplemental indentures', 'other things', 'Refinancing Transactions', 'principal amount', 'integral multiples', 'issue date', 'Settlement Date', 'Expiration Date', 'minimum denominations', 'guarantee provisions', 'same terms', 'HUDSON', 'Ohio', 'PRNewswire', 'Parent', 'commencement', 'respect', 'direct', 'subsidiary', 'enhancements', 'covenants', 'collateral', 'accrued', 'conditions', 'November', 'detail', 'connection', 'consents', 'July', 'order', 'December', 'accordance', 'excess', 'cash', 'lieu', 'subsidiaries', '11:59', '5:00']",2025-11-29,2022-11-29,prnewswire.com
13862,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/notice-to-extraordinary-general-meeting-in-sotkamo-silver-ab-1669624800,Notice to Extraordinary General Meeting in Sotkamo Silver AB,Följ dina aktier och fonder gratis. Bli medlem här Bli medlem Logga in Start Portföljer/ticker Mina portföljer Min ticker Aktier/fonder Aktieportföljen,"Shareholders of Sotkamo Silver AB  reg. no 556224-1892 are hereby invited to an Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on 28 December 2022. The meeting will be carried out through postal voting only  pursuant to temporary legislation. It will not be possible for shareholders to attend the meeting in person or by proxy.Notification etc.Shareholders who wish to attend the Extraordinary General Meeting must i) be registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on 19 December 2022  and ii) notify their intention to participate by having submitted a postal vote in accordance with the instructions under the heading ""Postal voting"" below in such manner that the company has received the postal vote by 27 December 2022  at the latest. Please note that a notification to attend the Extraordinary General Meeting can only be done by a postal vote.A shareholder whose shares are held with a nominee must  through the nominee  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of 19 December 2022 to be entitled to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting. Such registration may be temporary (so called voting right registration). A shareholder who wishes to register its shares in its own name must  in accordance with the nominee's procedures  request that the nominee carries out such voting right registration. Voting right registrations completed no later than 21 December 2022 are taken into account when preparing the meeting's register of shareholders.Postal votingShareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Extraordinary General Meeting only by voting in advance  through so called postal voting  in accordance with the Act (2022:121) on Temporary Exceptions to Facilitate the Execution of General Meetings in Companies and other Associations. A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form is available on the company's website  www.silver.fi/sv (http://www.silver.fi/sv). The postal voting form is considered as the notification of attendance at the Extraordinary General Meeting.The completed voting form must be received by the company no later than 27 December 2022. The completed form shall be sent to Advokatfirman Schjødt  Att: Anna Norberg  Box 715  SE-101 33 Stockholm or by e-mail to anna.norberg@schjodt.com with reference ""Sotkamo Silver Extraordinary General Meeting 2022"". If a shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a power of attorney shall be enclosed with the form. Power of attorney forms are available at the company's website  www.silver.fi/sv. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding authorization document be enclosed with the voting form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e.  the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.Proposed agendaProposed agenda at the Extraordinary General Meeting.1. Election of the chairman of the meeting2. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes3. Preparation and approval of the voting list4. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened5. Approval of the agenda6. The Board of Directors' proposal to amend the articles of association to enable postal voting at future general meetings7. Resolutions to amend the articles of association and to reduce the share capital in order to enable the proposed new issuances of shares under items 8 and 9a. The Board of Directors' proposal to amend § 4 of the articles of associationb. The Board of Directors' proposal to reduce the share capital8. Resolutions to amend the articles of association and issue new shares with preferential rights for the company's shareholdersa. The Board of Directors' proposal to amend § 4 and § 5 of the articles of associationb. The Board of Directors' proposal to resolve on a rights issue of shares9. The Board of Directors' proposal to resolve on a directed issue of shares10. The Board of Directors' proposal to resolve on a bonus issue to enable registration of the resolution to reduce the share capital under item 7 and the new issuances of shares under items 8 and 9.Proposals for resolutions:Item 1 - Election of chairman of the meetingThe Board of Directors proposes attorney Ylva Forsberg from Advokatfirman Schjødt  or in case of her impediment  the person instead appointed by the Board of Directors  to be elected Chairman of the meeting.Item 2 - Election of one or two persons to verify the minutesThe Board of Directors proposes that Sanna Nikola-Määttä  together with the chairman of the meeting  or  in the event of an impediment of one of them or both  the person or the persons assigned by the Board of Directors  shall verify the minutes. The persons verifying the minutes shall also control the voting list and that received postal votes are correctly reflected in the minutes.Item 3 - Preparation and approval of the voting listThe voting list which is proposed to be approved under item 3 shall be the voting list drawn up by the company  based on the meeting's share register and postal votes received. The voting list shall be controlled by the person verifying the minutes.Item 6 - The Board of Directors' proposal to amend the articles of association to enable postal voting at future general meetingsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Extraordinary General Meeting resolves to add a new paragraph to the articles of association to enable postal voting at future general meetings in accordance with Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act. The Board of Directors therefore proposes that a new § 10  in accordance with the wording below  shall be included in the articles of association and that the numbering of the articles of association shall be amended as follows: current § 10 becomes § 11 and current § 11 becomes § 12.Suggested wording§ 12 Postal votingThe Board may decide before a General Meeting that the shareholders shall be able to exercise their voting rights by post before the General Meeting pursuant to the procedure stated in Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act.The Board of Directors  the CEO or a person appointed by the Board of Directors or the CEO shall be authorized to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear Sweden AB or due to other formal requirements.A valid resolution requires that the resolution is supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Item 7 - Resolution to amend the articles of association and to reduce the share capital in order to enable the proposed new issuances of shares under items 8 and 9General information regarding the Board of Directors' proposal under item 7To enable the execution of the Board of Directors' proposal on issuances of shares under items 8 and 9  the Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves on a share capital reduction and an amendment to the articles of association regarding the limits of the share capital. The items 7 a) - b) are one proposal to be approved together in one resolution at the general meeting. A resolution in accordance with this item 7 is conditional upon that the meeting also resolves the proposals in accordance with items 8  9 and 10. A valid resolution requires that the resolution is supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Item 7 a) - The Board of Directors' proposal to amend § 4 of the articles of associationTo enable the reduction of the share capital under item 7 b)  the Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves that the share capital limits in § 4 of the articles of association be amended as follows.Current wordingThe share capital shall not be less than SEK 100 000 000 and not more than SEK 400 000 000.Proposed wordingThe share capital shall not be less than SEK 10 870 000 and not more than SEK 43 480 000.Item 7 b) The Board of Directors' proposal to reduce the share capitalThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves on a reduction of the company's share capital by SEK 264 000 000. The reduction shall be made without cancellation of shares. The reduction amount shall be allocated as non-restricted equity. The reduction is made in order to reduce the quota value of the shares to enable the issuances of shares proposed under items 8 and 9. Following the reduction  the company's share capital will amount to SEK 10 871 387.985048 divided between 200 366 211 shares in total (prior to the new issuances of shares)  each share having a quota value of approximately SEK 0.054258.The Board of Directors' statement pursuant to Chapter 20  Section 13  fourth paragraph of the Swedish Companies ActThe effect of the Board of Directors' proposal is that the company's share capital is reduced by SEK 264 000 000 from SEK 274 871 387.985048 to SEK 10 871 387.985048. The Board of Directors has also proposed that the general meeting resolves on new issuances of shares pursuant to items 8 and 9 of the notice. Final terms regarding the new issuances will be published in a press release. The Board of Directors has further proposed that the general meeting shall resolve on a potential bonus issue pursuant to item 10 in the notice resulting in a simultaneous increase of at least the amount required in order to restore the share capital. By carrying out new issuances of shares and the potential bonus issue at the same time as the share capital reduction  the share capital increases by at least the reduction amount. The company may thus execute the reduction without approval from the Swedish Companies Registration Office or public court  since the measures taken together do not result in a decrease in the company's restricted equity nor share capital.Item 8 - Resolutions to amend the articles of association and issue new shares with preferential rights for the company's shareholdersGeneral information regarding the Board of Directors' proposal under item 8To enable the registration of the resolution on a new issuance of shares proposed under item 8 b) below  the Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves that the limits to the share capital in § 4 and the number of shares in § 5 of the articles of association be amended in accordance with the alternatives below. The Board of Directors further proposes that the general meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to resolve on which of the amendments to the articles of association according to the alternatives below will be executed through registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. The Board of Directors will thus resolve to register the articles of association which is the most appropriate in relation to the Board of Directors' proposal on a new issue of shares under item 8 b) below and the subscription rate in such new issue.The Board of Directors  the CEO  or anyone appointed by the Board of Directors or the CEO  shall be authorized to make such minor amendments to the above resolution as may be necessary in connection with the registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear Sweden AB or due to other formal requirements.The items 8 a) - b) are one proposal to be approved together in one resolution at the general meeting. A resolution in accordance with this item 8 is conditional upon that the meeting also resolves in accordance with items 7  9 and 10.A valid resolution requires that the resolution is supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Item 8 a) - The Board of Directors' proposal to amend § 4 and § 5 of the articles of associationThe Board of Directors' proposal to amend § 4 of the articles of association§ 4 in the articles of association is proposed to have the following wording.Current wordingThe share capital shall not be less than SEK 10 870 000 and not more than SEK 43 480 000.Proposed wordingThe share capital shall not be less than SEK 274 000 000 and not more than SEK 1 096 000 000.Alternative 1 - The Board of Directors' proposal to amend § 5 of the articles of association§ 5 in the articles of association is proposed to have the following wording.Current wordingThe number of shares shall be not less than 70 000 000 and not more than 280 000 000.Proposed wordingThe number of shares shall be not less than 280 000 000 and not more than 1 120 000 000.Alternative 2 - The Board of Directors proposal to amend § 5 of the articles of association§ 5 in the articles of association is proposed to have the following wording.Current wordingThe number of shares shall be not less than 70 000 000 and not more than 280 000 000.Proposed wordingThe number of shares shall be not less than 800 000 000 and not more than 3 200 000 000.Alternative 3 - The Board of Directors proposal to amend § 5 of the articles of association§ 5 in the articles of association is proposed to have the following wording.Current wordingThe number of shares shall be not less than 70 000 000 and not more than 280 000 000.Proposed wordingThe number of shares shall be not less than 3 000 000 000 and not more than 12 000 000 000.Alternative 4 - The Board of Directors proposal to amend § 5 of the articles of association§ 5 in the articles of association is proposed to have the following wording.Current wordingThe number of shares shall be not less than 70 000 000 and not more than 280 000 000.Proposed wordingThe number of shares shall be not less than 5 680 000 000 and not more than 22 720 000 000.Item 8 b) - The Board of Directors' proposal to resolve on a rights issue of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves on a new issue of shares with preferential rights for the shareholders (the ""Rights Issue"") on the following terms and conditions:1. The Board of Directors  or a person appointed by the Board of Directors  is authorized to resolve upon  on 28 December 2022  the maximum amount by which the company's share capital shall be increased  the maximum number of shares that shall be issued and the subscription price per share to be paid.2. The subscription price for each new issued share  as well as final terms and conditions for the new share issue  will be published in a press release.3. In the event that the subscription price is determined to an amount that exceeds the quota value  the amount that exceeds the share's quota value shall be transferred to the unrestricted premium reserve. In the event that the subscription price is determined to an amount that is below the quota value  an amount corresponding to the difference between the subscription price and the quota value of the shares shall be added to the share capital by transfer from the company's equity capital  in accordance with Chapter 13  Section 4  third paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act  so that the company's share capital through the new share issue and the transfer from the equity capital is increased in total by an amount corresponding to the share's quota value per subscribed  allocated and paid share.4. The right to subscribe for shares shall  in accordance with the shareholders' preferential rights  vest with those who are registered as shareholders in the company on 4 January 2023 (the ""Record Date"").5. Subscription for shares  with preferential rights  is made with the support of subscription rights. The right to receive subscription rights to subscribe for shares with preferential rights  shall vest with persons registered as shareholders with Euroclear Sweden AB as of the Record Date.6. Subscription of shares with the support of subscription rights must be made by simultaneous cash payment during the period from  and including  9 January 2023  until  and including  23 January 2023. The Board of Directors has the right to extend the subscription and payment period.7. Subscription of shares without the support of subscription rights must be made on a special subscription list during the period starting  and including  9 January 2023  until  and including  23 January 2023. Payment for shares that are subscribed for without the support of subscription rights must be paid in cash in accordance with the instructions on the transaction note no later than the third banking day after notification of allocation is sent to the subscriber through transaction note. The Board of Directors has the right to extend the subscription period and payment period.8. The new shares issued in the Rights Issue shall carry a right to dividends commencing on the first record date that occurs after the registration of the shares with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and the entry of the shares in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB.9. In the event all shares in the Rights Issue are not subscribed for with the support of subscription rights  the Board of Directors shall  within the framework of the Rights Issue's maximum amount  resolve on the allotment of shares subscribed for without the support of subscription rights in accordance with the following allocation bases:i. Firstly  allotment shall be made to those who have subscribed for shares with the support of subscription rights  regardless of whether the subscriber was a shareholder on the record date or not  and in case of over subscription in relation to the number of subscription rights that each has used for subscription of shares and  to the extent that this is not possible  by drawing of lots.ii. Secondly  allotment shall be made to those who have subscribed for shares without subscription rights  and  in the event that these cannot be fully made  allotment shall be made in relation to the number of shares that each has registered for subscription and  to the extent this is not possible  by drawing of lots.iii. If the Rights Issue has been guaranteed  in whole or in part  any remaining shares shall  thirdly and lastly  be allocated to the parties who committed to guarantee the Rights Issue in accordance with agreed guarantee commitments.The Board of Directors  the CEO  or anyone appointed by the Board of Directors or the CEO  shall be authorized to make such minor amendments to the above resolution as may be necessary in connection with the registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear Sweden AB or due to other formal requirements.Item 9 - Board of Directors' proposal to resolve on a directed issue of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves to carry out a directed issue of shares on the following terms and conditions:1. The Board of Directors  or a person appointed by the Board of Directors  is authorized to resolve upon  on 28 December 2022  the maximum amount by which the company's share capital shall be increased  the maximum number of shares that shall be issued and the subscription price per share to be paid.2. The right to subscribe to the new shares shall vest  with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  a limited number of institutional investors and convertible holders of convertibles of series 2022/2026 with a total nominal value of MEUR 6.4. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is that the company's wishes to strengthen its financial position. The company has considered a larger rights issue to further strengthen the company's long-term capital needs. However  the Board of Directors believes that a directed share issue to the convertible holders of convertibles of series 2022/2026 is the most cost-effective way to repay the convertible holders and simultaneously reduce the company's debts and interest costs. Another reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to further strengthen the shareholder base with institutional shareholders.3. The subscription price for each new issued share  as well as final terms and conditions for the new share issue.4. In the event that the subscription price is determined to an amount that exceeds the quota value  the amount that exceeds the share's quota value shall be transferred to the unrestricted premium reserve. In the event that the subscription price is determined to an amount that is below the quota value  an amount corresponding to the difference between the subscription price and the quota value of the shares shall be added to the share capital by transfer from the company's equity capital  in accordance with Chapter 13  Section 4  third paragraph of the Swedish Companies Act  so that the company's share capital through the new share issue and the transfer from the equity capital is increased in total by an amount corresponding to the share's quota value per subscribed  allocated and paid share.5. Subscription for the new shares shall be made through signing of a subscription list no later than 23 January 2023.6. The payment in cash shall be made no later than 30 January 2023. The Board of Directors shall have the right to resolve upon payment by way of set-off in accordance with Chapter 13  Section 41 of the Swedish Companies Act.7. The Board of Directors shall be entitled to extend the subscription period/period of payment8. The new shares issued shall carry a right to dividends commencing on the first record date that occurs after the registration of the shares with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and the entry of the shares in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB.The Board of Directors  the CEO or a person appointed by the Board of Directors or the CEO shall be authorized to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear Sweden AB or due to other formal requirements.A resolution in accordance with this item 9 is conditional upon that the meeting also resolves in accordance with items 7  8 and 10.A valid resolution requires that the resolution is supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Extraordinary General Meeting.Item 10 - The Board of Directors' proposal to resolve on a bonus issue to enable registration of the resolution to reduce the share capital under item 7 and the new issuances of shares under items 8 and 9.General information regarding the Board of Directors' proposal under item 10To enable the registration of the Board of Directors' proposal of resolution on the share capital reduction pursuant to item 7 and the new issuances of shares under items 8 and 9  in case such new issuances are not subscribed for to the extent required to restore the company's share capital  the Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves on a bonus issue  without issuance of shares. The Board of Directors further proposes that the general meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to resolve on which of the alternatives below will be executed through registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. The Board of Directors shall  when making its decision on which of the bonus issuances resolved upon by the general meeting shall be executed through registration with the Swedish Companies Registration Office  consider the need to increase the share capital by at least the same amount as the reduction amount under item 7 b) as well as the bonus issue's suitability in relation the new issuances of shares proposed under items 8 and 9 and the subscription ratio in the aforementioned issuances of shares. The Board of Directors shall also be authorized to resolve that no bonus issue shall be carried out if a bonus issue is not deemed necessary by the Board of Directors to increase the share capital by at least the reduction amount under item 7 b). By simultaneously as the reduction of the share capital  carry out the new issuances of shares and potentially a bonus issue  which increases the share capital by no less than the reduction amount  the share capital will be restored.A valid resolution requires that the resolution is supported by shareholders representing at least half of the votes cast as well as of the shares represented at the Extraordinary General Meeting. A resolution in accordance with this item 10 is conditional upon that the meeting also resolves in accordance with items 7  8 and 9.The Board of Directors  the CEO  or anyone appointed by the Board of Directors or the CEO  shall be authorized to make such minor amendments to the above resolution as may be necessary in connection with the registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office or Euroclear Sweden AB or due to other formal requirements.Alternative 1 - The Board of Directors proposal on a bonus issueThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves on a bonus issue  without issuance of shares  to increase the share capital by SEK 260 000 000. The increase of the share capital through the bonus issue in accordance with this proposal shall be carried out through a transfer of the relevant amount from unrestricted equity.Alternative 2 - The Board of Directors proposal on a bonus issueThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves on a bonus issue  without issuance of shares  to increase the share capital by SEK 205 000 000. The increase of the share capital through the bonus issue in accordance with this proposal shall be carried out through a transfer of the relevant amount from unrestricted equity.Alternative 3 - The Board of Directors proposal on a bonus issueThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves on a bonus issue  without issuance of shares  to increase the share capital by SEK 125 000 000. The increase of the share capital through the bonus issue in accordance with this proposal shall be carried out through a transfer of the relevant amount from unrestricted equity.Alternative 4 - The Board of Directors proposal on a bonus issueThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting resolves on a bonus issue  without issuance of shares  to increase the share capital by SEK 25 000 000. The increase of the share capital through the bonus issue in accordance with this proposal shall be carried out through a transfer of the relevant amount from unrestricted equity.Shareholders' right to request informationUpon request by any shareholder and where the Board of Directors believes that it may be done without significant harm to the company  the Board of Directors and the CEO shall provide information of circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda.A request for such information should be made in writing to Sotkamo Silver AB  Box 5216  102 45 Stockholm or via e-mail to ir@silver.fi at the latest on 18 December 2022. Requested information will be made available at the company's office  Nybrogatan 34  102 45 Stockholm and at the company's website  www.silver.fi by 23 December 2022  at the latest. Within the same time  the information will also be sent to the shareholders that have requested it and provided an address.Number of shares and votesWhen this notice is published  the total number of shares and votes in the company amounts to 200 366 211. The company does not hold any own shares.Use of personal dataFor information regarding the processing of your personal data  please refer to the privacy policies of Euroclear  available on their website: www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.DocumentsDocuments according to the Swedish Companies Act as well as and other documents are available at the company's office and at the website  www.silver.fi  no later than three weeks prior to the general meeting. The documents are presented by being kept available at the company and on the company's website. The documents will also be sent to shareholders who request this and provide their address.Stockholm in November 2022Sotkamo Silver ABThe Board of Directors",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.17,0.34,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Sotkamo Silver AB', 'Notice', 'Sotkamo Silver Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Sotkamo Silver AB', 'Advokatfirman Schjødt', 'corresponding authorization document', 'Sanna Nikola-Määttä', 'future general meetings', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'attorney Ylva Forsberg', 'voting right registration', 'postal voting form', 'right registrations', 'postal votes', 'voting rights', 'voting list', 'temporary legislation', 'Such registration', 'Temporary Exceptions', 'other Associations', 'attorney forms', 'legal entity', 'share capital', 'new issuances', 'preferential rights', 'special form', 'completed form', 'share register', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'rights issue', 'bonus issue', ""Directors' proposal"", 'The Board', 'two persons', 'new shares', 'Anna Norberg', 'shareholders a.', '28 December', 'proxy', 'Notification', '19 December', 'intention', 'accordance', 'heading', 'manner', 'company', '27 December', 'nominee', 'name', 'procedures', '21 December', 'account', 'advance', 'Act', 'Companies', 'website', 'attendance', 'Box', 'SE-101', 'Stockholm', 'mail', 'schjodt', 'reference', 'power', 'certificate', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'agenda', 'Election', 'chairman', 'one', 'minutes', 'Preparation', 'approval', 'Determination', 'articles', 'Resolutions', 'order', 'items', 'Proposals', 'case', 'impediment', 'event', '4.', '§']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,privataaffarer.se
13863,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Four trends impacting bill payments: how to reduce risk while making them work for you #AAA Websites Euroclear Fint… https://t.co/uwS5WE8fnj,nan,Four trends impacting bill payments: how to reduce risk while making them work for you #AAA Websites Euroclear Fint… https://t.co/uwS5WE8fnj,neutral,0.11,0.85,0.03,neutral,0.11,0.85,0.03,True,English,"['Four trends', 'bill payments', 'risk', 'Fint', 'Four trends', 'bill payments', 'risk', 'Fint']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,Unknown
13864,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/diebold-nixdorf-incorporated-announces-commencement-043500078.html,Diebold Nixdorf  Incorporated Announces the Commencement of Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations with respect to its Outstanding 9.375% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 and Diebold Nixdorf Dutch Holding B.V.'s 9.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2025,"Diebold Nixdorf  Incorporated (""Parent"") (NYSE:DBD) today announced the commencement of private exchange offers and consent solicitations (the ""Exchange...","HUDSON  Ohio  Nov. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Diebold Nixdorf  Incorporated (""Parent"") (NYSE:DBD) today announced the commencement of private exchange offers and consent solicitations (the ""Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations"") with respect to the outstanding 9.375% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 issued by Parent (144A CUSIP: 253657AA8; 144A ISIN: US253657AA82; REG S CUSIP: U25317AA3; ISIN: USU25317AA30) (the ""2025 USD Senior Notes"") and the outstanding 9.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 issued by Diebold Nixdorf Dutch Holding B.V. (the ""Dutch Issuer"")  a direct and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (144A ISIN: XS2206383080; 144A Common Code 220638308; REG S ISIN: XS2206382868; REG S Common Code 220638286 (the ""2025 EUR Senior Notes""  and together with the 2025 USD Senior Notes  the ""Existing Notes"").Diebold Nixdorf Primary Logo. (PRNewsFoto/Diebold Nixdorf) (PRNewsfoto/Diebold Nixdorf)Exchange Offers and Consent SolicitationsThe Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations include private offers to Eligible Holders (as defined below) to exchange (i) any and all 2025 USD Senior Notes for new senior secured notes (the ""New 2025 USD Senior Notes"") having the same terms as the 2025 USD Senior Notes  other than the issue date and other than with respect to CUSIP and ISIN numbers  along with certain enhancements to the covenants and collateral and guarantee provisions  and (ii) any and all 2025 EUR Senior Notes for new senior secured notes (the ""New 2025 EUR Senior Notes"" and  together with the New 2025 USD Senior Notes  the ""New Notes"") having the same terms as the 2025 USD Senior Notes  other than the issue date and other than with respect to ISIN numbers and common codes  along with certain enhancements to the covenants and collateral and guarantee provisions. Eligible Holders that validly tender their Existing Notes will also receive accrued and unpaid interest on the Existing Notes on the Settlement Date (as defined below).The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are being made on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offering Memorandum and Consent Solicitation Statement  dated as of November 28  2022 (the ""Offering Memorandum"")  and the related eligibility letter  which set forth in more detail the terms and conditions of the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations.Story continuesIn connection with the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations  Parent and the Dutch Issuer are also soliciting consents to enter into supplemental indentures with respect to (i) the indenture governing the 2025 USD Senior Notes  dated as of July 20  2020 (the ""2025 USD Senior Notes Indenture"")  and (ii) the indenture governing the 2025 EUR Senior Notes  dated as of July 20  2020 (the ""2025 EUR Senior Notes Indenture"" and  together with the 2025 USD Senior Notes Indenture  the ""Senior Notes Indentures"")  in order to amend certain provisions of the Indentures to  among other things  permit the Refinancing Transactions (as defined below) set forth in the Transaction Support Agreement (as defined below)  as described in more detail in the Offering Memorandum.The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations will expire at 11:59 p.m.  New York City time  on December 23  2022 unless earlier terminated or extended by Parent (such time and date  as it may be extended  the ""Expiration Date""). Existing Notes tendered may be withdrawn at any time prior to 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on December 9  2022  but not thereafter.For each $1 000 in principal amount of 2025 USD Senior Notes that an Eligible Holder validly tenders (and does not validly withdraw) in accordance with the terms of the Offering Memorandum  such Eligible Holder will receive $1 030 in principal amount of New 2025 USD Senior Notes  and for each €1 000 in principal amount of 2025 EUR Senior Notes that an Eligible Holder validly tenders (and does not validly withdraw) in accordance with the terms of the Offering Memorandum  such Eligible Holder will receive €1 030 in principal amount of New 2025 EUR Senior Notes (collectively  the ""Exchange Offer Consideration""). The Eligible Holders will receive the Exchange Offer Consideration and accrued and unpaid interest on the Existing Notes on the settlement date  which we expect will be the third business day following the Expiration Date (the ""Settlement Date"").The 2025 USD Senior Notes may be tendered in minimum denominations of $2 000 principal amount and integral multiples of $1 000 in excess thereof. The 2025 EUR Senior Notes may be tendered in minimum denominations of €100 000 principal amount and integral multiples of €1 000 in excess thereof. The New Notes and the Exchange Offer Consideration will only be issued in minimum denominations of $2 000 or €2 000  as applicable  and any integral multiple of $1 000 or €1 000  as applicable. New Notes or Exchange Offer Consideration in denominations of less than $2 000 or €2 000  as applicable  will not be issued and Eligible Holders will receive cash in lieu thereof.As previously reported  Parent entered into a Transaction Support Agreement (the ""Transaction Support Agreement"") dated October 20  2022  with certain of its subsidiaries  including the Dutch Issuer  and certain holders of Parent's existing indebtedness (the ""TSA Supporting Parties"")  which was subsequently amended on the date hereof  whereby the TSA Supporting Parties have agreed to the principal terms of a new money financing and recapitalization and exchanges that address certain near-term debt maturities (the ""Refinancing Transactions"")  subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. The TSA Supporting Parties represent over 90% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 USD Senior Notes  over 90% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 EUR Senior Notes  approximately 97% of the aggregate principal amount of Parent's existing term loans and approximately 83% of the aggregate principal amount of Parent's 2024 Senior Notes. The terms and conditions of the Transaction Support Agreement are described more fully in the Offering Memorandum and in Parent's Form 8-K filed on October 20  2022 and Form 8-K submitted on the date hereof.The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are subject to certain conditions  which Parent and the Dutch Issuer may waive in full or in part in their sole discretion  but subject to the terms of the Transaction Support Agreement  including  subject to waiver  minimum participation thresholds of 83.4% for the exchange of the 2024 Senior Notes and 95% for the exchange of the existing term loans  in each case as such exchanges are described more fully in the Transaction Support Agreement and the Offering Memorandum  among other conditions. Consummation of the Refinancing Transactions on the Settlement Date is a condition to the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations. If the conditions to the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are not satisfied  the supplemental indentures to the Senior Notes Indentures will not become operative.D.F. King & Co.  Inc. will also act as the Information and Exchange Agent for the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations. Questions or requests for assistance related to the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations or for copies of the Offering Memorandum may be directed to D.F. King & Co.  Inc. at (800) 290-6428 (U.S. toll free)  +1(212) 269-5550 (collect)  or diebold@dfking.com (email). You may also contact your broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations.Eligible Holders are advised to check with any bank  securities broker or other intermediary through which they hold Existing Notes as to when such intermediary would need to receive instructions from such Eligible Holder in order for that Eligible Holder to be able to participate in  or withdraw their instruction to participate in  the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations  before the deadlines specified herein and in the Offering Memorandum. The deadlines set by any such intermediary  The Depositary Trust Company  Euroclear Bank SA/NV or Clearstream Banking société anonyme for the submission and withdrawal of tender instructions will also be earlier than the relevant deadlines specified herein and in the Offering Memorandum.The New Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"") or any state securities laws. Therefore  the New Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws. The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are being made  and the New Notes are being offered and issued  and this announcement is directed  only (a) in the United States  to holders of the Existing Notes who are (i) ""qualified institutional buyers"" (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or (ii) an institutional ""accredited investor"" as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)(1)  (2)  (3) or (7) under the Securities Act  and (b) outside the United States to holders of the Existing Notes who are not  and who are not acting for the account or benefit of  any U.S. person as that term is defined in Rule 902 under the Securities Act and  in each case  if the holder is in the European Economic Area  the United Kingdom  Canada or another relevant jurisdiction  such holder is a ""non-U.S. qualified offeree."" The holders of the Existing Notes who have certified to Parent and that they are eligible to participate in one or both of the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations pursuant to at least one of the foregoing conditions as set forth in the eligibility letter are referred to as ""Eligible Holders."" Only Eligible Holders are authorized to receive or review the Offering Memorandum or to participate in the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations. The New Notes will not be transferable except in accordance with the restrictions described in the Offering Memorandum. The eligibility letter can be accessed at the following link: www.dfking.com/diebold.For the purposes of the foregoing paragraph  ""non-U.S. qualified offeree"" means:(1) Any person that is located and/or resident in a Member State of the European Economic Area and is (x) a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) and (y) not a retail investor. For these purposes  a ""retail investor"" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  ""MiFID II""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended)  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;(2) Any person that is located and/or resident in the United Kingdom and is:(x) a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (""EUWA"");(y) not a retail investor; and(z) an investment professional falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order"") or (iii) a high net worth entity or other person to whom it may lawfully be communicated   falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) of the Order ;and for the purposes of this paragraph (2)  a ""retail investor"" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the ""FSMA"") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;(3) Any person that is resident in the Provinces of Ontario  British Columbia or Alberta  Canada and is (i) an accredited investor  as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)  as applicable  and (ii) a permitted client as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements  Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations; or(4) Any person outside the United States  the European Economic Area  the United Kingdom and Canada to whom the Exchange Offers may be made in compliance with all other applicable laws and regulations of any applicable jurisdiction.About Diebold NixdorfDiebold Nixdorf  Incorporated (NYSE: DBD) automates  digitizes and transforms the way people bank and shop. As a partner to the majority of the world's top 100 financial institutions and top 25 global retailers  our integrated solutions connect digital and physical channels conveniently  securely and efficiently for millions of consumers each day. The company has a presence in more than 100 countries with approximately 22 000 employees worldwide. Visit www.DieboldNixdorf.com for more information.DisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or buy  nor the solicitation of an offer to sell or buy  any securities referred to herein. Any solicitation or offer will only be made pursuant to the Offering Memorandum and only to such persons and in such jurisdictions as is permitted under applicable law.The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are being made solely pursuant to the Offering Memorandum. The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are not being made to holders of Existing Notes in any jurisdiction in which the making or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities  blue sky or other laws of such jurisdiction. In any jurisdiction in which the securities laws or blue sky laws require the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations to be made by a licensed broker or dealer  the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations will be deemed to be made on behalf of Parent and the Dutch Issuer by the Dealer Managers for the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations or one or more registered brokers or dealers that are licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains statements that are not historical information and are ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements give current expectations or forecasts of future events and are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements include  but are not limited to  projections  statements regarding the company's expected future performance (including expected results of operations and financial guidance)  future financial condition  potential impact of the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic  anticipated operating results  strategy plans  future liquidity and financial position.Statements can generally be identified as forward looking because they include words such as ""believes "" ""anticipates "" ""expects "" ""intends "" ""plans "" ""will "" ""estimates "" ""potential "" ""target "" ""predict "" ""project "" ""seek "" and variations thereof or ""could "" ""should"" or words of similar meaning. Statements that describe the company's future plans  objectives or goals are also forward-looking statements  which reflect the current views of the company with respect to future events and are subject to assumptions  risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Although the company believes that these forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions regarding  among other things  the economy  its knowledge of its business  and key performance indicators that impact the company  these forward-looking statements involve risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements.Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date hereof.The factors that may affect the company's results include  among others:our ability to successfully complete the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Support Agreement  including the ability to negotiate and execute definitive documentation  the receipt of required consents to any or all of such transactions  satisfaction of any conditions in any such documentation and the availability of alternative transactions;the overall impact of the global supply chain complexities on the company and its business  including delays in sourcing key components as well as longer transport times  especially for container ships and U.S. trucking  given the company's reliance on suppliers  subcontractors and availability of raw materials and other components;our ability to successfully convert our backlog into sales  including our ability to overcome supply chain and liquidity challenges;the ultimate impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and other public health emergencies  including further adverse effects to the company's supply chain  maintenance of increased order backlog  and the effects of any COVID-19 related cancellations;the company's ability to successfully meet its cost-reduction goals and continue to achieve benefits from its cost-reduction initiatives and other strategic initiatives  such as the current $150m+ cost savings plan;the success of the company's new products  including its DN Series line and EASY family of retail checkout solutions  and electronic vehicle charging service business;the impact of a cybersecurity breach or operational failure on the company's business;the company's ability to generate sufficient cash to service its debt or to comply with the covenants contained in the agreements governing its debt and to successfully refinance its debt;the company's ability to attract  retain and motivate key employees;the company's reliance on suppliers  subcontractors and availability of raw materials and other components;changes in the company's intention to further repatriate cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments residing in international tax jurisdictions  which could negatively impact foreign and domestic taxes;the company's success in divesting  reorganizing or exiting non-core and/or non-accretive businesses and its ability to successfully manage acquisitions  divestitures  and alliances;the ultimate outcome of the appraisal proceedings initiated in connection with the implementation of the Domination and Profit Loss Transfer Agreement with the former Diebold Nixdorf AG (which was dismissed in the company's favor at the lower court level in May 2022) and the merger/squeeze-out;the impact of market and economic conditions  including the bankruptcies  restructuring or consolidations of financial institutions  which could reduce the company's customer base and/or adversely affect its customers' ability to make capital expenditures  as well as adversely impact the availability and cost of credit;the impact of competitive pressures  including pricing pressures and technological developments;changes in political  economic or other factors such as currency exchange rates  inflation rates (including the impact of possible currency devaluations in countries experiencing high inflation rates)  recessionary or expansive trends  hostilities or conflicts (including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine)  disruption in energy supply  taxes and regulations and laws affecting the worldwide business in each of the company's operations;the company's ability to maintain effective internal controls;unanticipated litigation  claims or assessments  as well as the outcome/impact of any current/pending litigation  claims or assessments;the effect of changes in law and regulations or the manner of enforcement in the U.S. and internationally and the company's ability to comply with government regulations; andother factors included in the company's filings with the SEC  including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021  its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31  2022  June 30  2022 and September 30  2022  and in other documents the company files with the SEC.Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation  the company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.You should consider these factors carefully in evaluating forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements.CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/diebold-nixdorf-incorporated-announces-the-commencement-of-exchange-offers-and-consent-solicitations-with-respect-to-its-outstanding-9-375-senior-secured-notes-due-2025-and-diebold-nixdorf-dutch-holding-bvs-9-000-senior-secu-301688452.htmlSOURCE Diebold Nixdorf  Incorporated",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.49,0.16,0.35,True,English,"['Diebold Nixdorf Dutch Holding B.V.', 'Outstanding 9.375% Senior Secured Notes', '9.000% Senior Secured Notes', 'Exchange Offers', 'Consent Solicitations', 'Commencement', 'respect', 'Diebold Nixdorf Dutch Holding B.V.', 'Diebold Nixdorf Primary Logo', 'new senior secured notes', 'New 2025 EUR Senior Notes', 'REG S Common Code', 'New 2025 USD Senior Notes', 'outstanding 9.000% Senior Secured Notes', 'The 2025 USD Senior Notes', 'New York City time', '2025 EUR Senior Notes Indenture', '2025 USD Senior Notes Indenture', '9.375% Senior Secured Notes', 'The New Notes', '144A Common Code', 'related eligibility letter', 'Transaction Support Agreement', 'third business day', 'REG S CUSIP', 'REG S ISIN', 'Exchange Offer Consideration', 'Senior Notes Indentures', 'Consent Solicitation Statement', 'The Exchange Offers', 'private exchange offers', 'The Eligible Holders', 'Dutch Issuer', 'common codes', 'Existing Notes', 'private offers', '144A ISIN', 'consent solicitations', '4A CUSIP', 'ISIN numbers', 'unpaid interest', 'Offering Memorandum', 'supplemental indentures', 'other things', 'Refinancing Transactions', 'principal amount', 'integral multiples', 'issue date', 'Settlement Date', 'Expiration Date', 'minimum denominations', 'guarantee provisions', 'same terms', 'HUDSON', 'Ohio', 'PRNewswire', 'Parent', 'commencement', 'respect', 'direct', 'subsidiary', 'PRNewsFoto', 'enhancements', 'covenants', 'collateral', 'accrued', 'conditions', 'November', 'detail', 'Story', 'connection', 'consents', 'July', 'order', 'December', 'accordance', 'excess', 'cash', 'lieu', '11:59', '5:00']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13865,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/diebold-nixdorf-incorporated-announces-the-commencement-of-exchange-offers-and-consent-solicitations-with-respect-to-its-outstanding-9-375-senior-secured-notes-due-2025-and-diebold-nixdorf-dutch-holding-bvs-9-000-senior-secu-301688452.html,Diebold Nixdorf  Incorporated Announces the Commencement of Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations with respect to its Outstanding 9.375% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 and Diebold Nixdorf Dutch Holding B.V.'s 9.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2025,"HUDSON  Ohio  Nov. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Diebold Nixdorf  Incorporated (""Parent"") (NYSE:DBD) today announced the commencement of private exchange offers and consent solicitations (the ""Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations"") with respect to the outstan…","HUDSON  Ohio  Nov. 28  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Diebold Nixdorf  Incorporated (""Parent"") (NYSE:DBD) today announced the commencement of private exchange offers and consent solicitations (the ""Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations"") with respect to the outstanding 9.375% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 issued by Parent (144A CUSIP: 253657AA8; 144A ISIN: US253657AA82; REG S CUSIP: U25317AA3; ISIN: USU25317AA30) (the ""2025 USD Senior Notes"") and the outstanding 9.000% Senior Secured Notes due 2025 issued by Diebold Nixdorf Dutch Holding B.V. (the ""Dutch Issuer"")  a direct and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (144A ISIN: XS2206383080; 144A Common Code 220638308; REG S ISIN: XS2206382868; REG S Common Code 220638286 (the ""2025 EUR Senior Notes""  and together with the 2025 USD Senior Notes  the ""Existing Notes"").Exchange Offers and Consent SolicitationsThe Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations include private offers to Eligible Holders (as defined below) to exchange (i) any and all 2025 USD Senior Notes for new senior secured notes (the ""New 2025 USD Senior Notes"") having the same terms as the 2025 USD Senior Notes  other than the issue date and other than with respect to CUSIP and ISIN numbers  along with certain enhancements to the covenants and collateral and guarantee provisions  and (ii) any and all 2025 EUR Senior Notes for new senior secured notes (the ""New 2025 EUR Senior Notes"" and  together with the New 2025 USD Senior Notes  the ""New Notes"") having the same terms as the 2025 USD Senior Notes  other than the issue date and other than with respect to ISIN numbers and common codes  along with certain enhancements to the covenants and collateral and guarantee provisions. Eligible Holders that validly tender their Existing Notes will also receive accrued and unpaid interest on the Existing Notes on the Settlement Date (as defined below).The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are being made on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Offering Memorandum and Consent Solicitation Statement  dated as of November 28  2022 (the ""Offering Memorandum"")  and the related eligibility letter  which set forth in more detail the terms and conditions of the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations.In connection with the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations  Parent and the Dutch Issuer are also soliciting consents to enter into supplemental indentures with respect to (i) the indenture governing the 2025 USD Senior Notes  dated as of July 20  2020 (the ""2025 USD Senior Notes Indenture"")  and (ii) the indenture governing the 2025 EUR Senior Notes  dated as of July 20  2020 (the ""2025 EUR Senior Notes Indenture"" and  together with the 2025 USD Senior Notes Indenture  the ""Senior Notes Indentures"")  in order to amend certain provisions of the Indentures to  among other things  permit the Refinancing Transactions (as defined below) set forth in the Transaction Support Agreement (as defined below)  as described in more detail in the Offering Memorandum.The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations will expire at 11:59 p.m.  New York City time  on December 23  2022 unless earlier terminated or extended by Parent (such time and date  as it may be extended  the ""Expiration Date""). Existing Notes tendered may be withdrawn at any time prior to 5:00 p.m.  New York City time  on December 9  2022  but not thereafter.For each $1 000 in principal amount of 2025 USD Senior Notes that an Eligible Holder validly tenders (and does not validly withdraw) in accordance with the terms of the Offering Memorandum  such Eligible Holder will receive $1 030 in principal amount of New 2025 USD Senior Notes  and for each €1 000 in principal amount of 2025 EUR Senior Notes that an Eligible Holder validly tenders (and does not validly withdraw) in accordance with the terms of the Offering Memorandum  such Eligible Holder will receive €1 030 in principal amount of New 2025 EUR Senior Notes (collectively  the ""Exchange Offer Consideration""). The Eligible Holders will receive the Exchange Offer Consideration and accrued and unpaid interest on the Existing Notes on the settlement date  which we expect will be the third business day following the Expiration Date (the ""Settlement Date"").The 2025 USD Senior Notes may be tendered in minimum denominations of $2 000 principal amount and integral multiples of $1 000 in excess thereof. The 2025 EUR Senior Notes may be tendered in minimum denominations of €100 000 principal amount and integral multiples of €1 000 in excess thereof. The New Notes and the Exchange Offer Consideration will only be issued in minimum denominations of $2 000 or €2 000  as applicable  and any integral multiple of $1 000 or €1 000  as applicable. New Notes or Exchange Offer Consideration in denominations of less than $2 000 or €2 000  as applicable  will not be issued and Eligible Holders will receive cash in lieu thereof.As previously reported  Parent entered into a Transaction Support Agreement (the ""Transaction Support Agreement"") dated October 20  2022  with certain of its subsidiaries  including the Dutch Issuer  and certain holders of Parent's existing indebtedness (the ""TSA Supporting Parties"")  which was subsequently amended on the date hereof  whereby the TSA Supporting Parties have agreed to the principal terms of a new money financing and recapitalization and exchanges that address certain near-term debt maturities (the ""Refinancing Transactions"")  subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein. The TSA Supporting Parties represent over 90% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 USD Senior Notes  over 90% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 EUR Senior Notes  approximately 97% of the aggregate principal amount of Parent's existing term loans and approximately 83% of the aggregate principal amount of Parent's 2024 Senior Notes. The terms and conditions of the Transaction Support Agreement are described more fully in the Offering Memorandum and in Parent's Form 8-K filed on October 20  2022 and Form 8-K submitted on the date hereof.The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are subject to certain conditions  which Parent and the Dutch Issuer may waive in full or in part in their sole discretion  but subject to the terms of the Transaction Support Agreement  including  subject to waiver  minimum participation thresholds of 83.4% for the exchange of the 2024 Senior Notes and 95% for the exchange of the existing term loans  in each case as such exchanges are described more fully in the Transaction Support Agreement and the Offering Memorandum  among other conditions. Consummation of the Refinancing Transactions on the Settlement Date is a condition to the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations. If the conditions to the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are not satisfied  the supplemental indentures to the Senior Notes Indentures will not become operative.D.F. King & Co.  Inc. will also act as the Information and Exchange Agent for the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations. Questions or requests for assistance related to the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations or for copies of the Offering Memorandum may be directed to D.F. King & Co.  Inc. at (800) 290-6428 (U.S. toll free)  +1(212) 269-5550 (collect)  or [email protected] (email). You may also contact your broker  dealer  commercial bank  trust company or other nominee for assistance concerning the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations.Eligible Holders are advised to check with any bank  securities broker or other intermediary through which they hold Existing Notes as to when such intermediary would need to receive instructions from such Eligible Holder in order for that Eligible Holder to be able to participate in  or withdraw their instruction to participate in  the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations  before the deadlines specified herein and in the Offering Memorandum. The deadlines set by any such intermediary  The Depositary Trust Company  Euroclear Bank SA/NV or Clearstream Banking société anonyme for the submission and withdrawal of tender instructions will also be earlier than the relevant deadlines specified herein and in the Offering Memorandum.The New Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"") or any state securities laws. Therefore  the New Notes may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws. The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are being made  and the New Notes are being offered and issued  and this announcement is directed  only (a) in the United States  to holders of the Existing Notes who are (i) ""qualified institutional buyers"" (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or (ii) an institutional ""accredited investor"" as that term is defined in Rule 501(a)(1)  (2)  (3) or (7) under the Securities Act  and (b) outside the United States to holders of the Existing Notes who are not  and who are not acting for the account or benefit of  any U.S. person as that term is defined in Rule 902 under the Securities Act and  in each case  if the holder is in the European Economic Area  the United Kingdom  Canada or another relevant jurisdiction  such holder is a ""non-U.S. qualified offeree."" The holders of the Existing Notes who have certified to Parent and that they are eligible to participate in one or both of the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations pursuant to at least one of the foregoing conditions as set forth in the eligibility letter are referred to as ""Eligible Holders."" Only Eligible Holders are authorized to receive or review the Offering Memorandum or to participate in the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations. The New Notes will not be transferable except in accordance with the restrictions described in the Offering Memorandum. The eligibility letter can be accessed at the following link: www.dfking.com/diebold.For the purposes of the foregoing paragraph  ""non-U.S. qualified offeree"" means:(1) Any person that is located and/or resident in a Member State of the European Economic Area and is (x) a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended) and (y) not a retail investor. For these purposes  a ""retail investor"" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended  ""MiFID II""); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended)  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;(2) Any person that is located and/or resident in the United Kingdom and is:(x) a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (""EUWA"");(y) not a retail investor; and(z) an investment professional falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order"") or (iii) a high net worth entity or other person to whom it may lawfully be communicated   falling within Article 49(2) (a) to (d) of the Order ;and for the purposes of this paragraph (2)  a ""retail investor"" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the ""FSMA"") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Directive (EU) 2016/97  where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;(3) Any person that is resident in the Provinces of Ontario  British Columbia or Alberta  Canada and is (i) an accredited investor  as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario)  as applicable  and (ii) a permitted client as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements  Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations; or(4) Any person outside the United States  the European Economic Area  the United Kingdom and Canada to whom the Exchange Offers may be made in compliance with all other applicable laws and regulations of any applicable jurisdiction.About Diebold NixdorfDiebold Nixdorf  Incorporated (NYSE: DBD) automates  digitizes and transforms the way people bank and shop. As a partner to the majority of the world's top 100 financial institutions and top 25 global retailers  our integrated solutions connect digital and physical channels conveniently  securely and efficiently for millions of consumers each day. The company has a presence in more than 100 countries with approximately 22 000 employees worldwide. Visit www.DieboldNixdorf.com for more information.DisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer to sell or buy  nor the solicitation of an offer to sell or buy  any securities referred to herein. Any solicitation or offer will only be made pursuant to the Offering Memorandum and only to such persons and in such jurisdictions as is permitted under applicable law.The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are being made solely pursuant to the Offering Memorandum. The Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations are not being made to holders of Existing Notes in any jurisdiction in which the making or acceptance thereof would not be in compliance with the securities  blue sky or other laws of such jurisdiction. In any jurisdiction in which the securities laws or blue sky laws require the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations to be made by a licensed broker or dealer  the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations will be deemed to be made on behalf of Parent and the Dutch Issuer by the Dealer Managers for the Exchange Offers and Consent Solicitations or one or more registered brokers or dealers that are licensed under the laws of such jurisdiction.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains statements that are not historical information and are ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements give current expectations or forecasts of future events and are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements include  but are not limited to  projections  statements regarding the company's expected future performance (including expected results of operations and financial guidance)  future financial condition  potential impact of the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic  anticipated operating results  strategy plans  future liquidity and financial position.Statements can generally be identified as forward looking because they include words such as ""believes "" ""anticipates "" ""expects "" ""intends "" ""plans "" ""will "" ""estimates "" ""potential "" ""target "" ""predict "" ""project "" ""seek "" and variations thereof or ""could "" ""should"" or words of similar meaning. Statements that describe the company's future plans  objectives or goals are also forward-looking statements  which reflect the current views of the company with respect to future events and are subject to assumptions  risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Although the company believes that these forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions regarding  among other things  the economy  its knowledge of its business  and key performance indicators that impact the company  these forward-looking statements involve risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements.Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date hereof.The factors that may affect the company's results include  among others:our ability to successfully complete the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Support Agreement  including the ability to negotiate and execute definitive documentation  the receipt of required consents to any or all of such transactions  satisfaction of any conditions in any such documentation and the availability of alternative transactions;the overall impact of the global supply chain complexities on the company and its business  including delays in sourcing key components as well as longer transport times  especially for container ships and U.S. trucking  given the company's reliance on suppliers  subcontractors and availability of raw materials and other components;our ability to successfully convert our backlog into sales  including our ability to overcome supply chain and liquidity challenges;the ultimate impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and other public health emergencies  including further adverse effects to the company's supply chain  maintenance of increased order backlog  and the effects of any COVID-19 related cancellations;the company's ability to successfully meet its cost-reduction goals and continue to achieve benefits from its cost-reduction initiatives and other strategic initiatives  such as the current $150m+ cost savings plan;the success of the company's new products  including its DN Series line and EASY family of retail checkout solutions  and electronic vehicle charging service business;the impact of a cybersecurity breach or operational failure on the company's business;the company's ability to generate sufficient cash to service its debt or to comply with the covenants contained in the agreements governing its debt and to successfully refinance its debt;the company's ability to attract  retain and motivate key employees;the company's reliance on suppliers  subcontractors and availability of raw materials and other components;changes in the company's intention to further repatriate cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments residing in international tax jurisdictions  which could negatively impact foreign and domestic taxes;the company's success in divesting  reorganizing or exiting non-core and/or non-accretive businesses and its ability to successfully manage acquisitions  divestitures  and alliances;the ultimate outcome of the appraisal proceedings initiated in connection with the implementation of the Domination and Profit Loss Transfer Agreement with the former Diebold Nixdorf AG (which was dismissed in the company's favor at the lower court level in May 2022 ) and the merger/squeeze-out;) and the merger/squeeze-out; the impact of market and economic conditions  including the bankruptcies  restructuring or consolidations of financial institutions  which could reduce the company's customer base and/or adversely affect its customers' ability to make capital expenditures  as well as adversely impact the availability and cost of credit;the impact of competitive pressures  including pricing pressures and technological developments;changes in political  economic or other factors such as currency exchange rates  inflation rates (including the impact of possible currency devaluations in countries experiencing high inflation rates)  recessionary or expansive trends  hostilities or conflicts (including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine )  disruption in energy supply  taxes and regulations and laws affecting the worldwide business in each of the company's operations;and )  disruption in energy supply  taxes and regulations and laws affecting the worldwide business in each of the company's operations; the company's ability to maintain effective internal controls;unanticipated litigation  claims or assessments  as well as the outcome/impact of any current/pending litigation  claims or assessments;the effect of changes in law and regulations or the manner of enforcement in the U.S. and internationally and the company's ability to comply with government regulations; andother factors included in the company's filings with the SEC  including its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021   its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended March 31  2022   June 30  2022 and September 30  2022   and in other documents the company files with the SEC.Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation  the company undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.You should consider these factors carefully in evaluating forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements.SOURCE Diebold Nixdorf  Incorporated",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['Diebold Nixdorf Dutch Holding B.V.', 'Outstanding 9.375% Senior Secured Notes', '9.000% Senior Secured Notes', 'Exchange Offers', 'Consent Solicitations', 'Commencement', 'respect', 'Diebold Nixdorf Dutch Holding B.V.', 'new senior secured notes', 'New 2025 EUR Senior Notes', 'REG S Common Code', 'New 2025 USD Senior Notes', 'outstanding 9.000% Senior Secured Notes', 'The 2025 USD Senior Notes', 'New York City time', '2025 EUR Senior Notes Indenture', '2025 USD Senior Notes Indenture', '9.375% Senior Secured Notes', 'The New Notes', '144A Common Code', 'related eligibility letter', 'Transaction Support Agreement', 'third business day', 'REG S CUSIP', 'REG S ISIN', 'Exchange Offer Consideration', 'Senior Notes Indentures', 'Consent Solicitation Statement', 'The Exchange Offers', 'private exchange offers', 'The Eligible Holders', 'Dutch Issuer', 'common codes', 'Existing Notes', 'private offers', '144A ISIN', 'consent solicitations', '4A CUSIP', 'ISIN numbers', 'unpaid interest', 'Offering Memorandum', 'supplemental indentures', 'other things', 'Refinancing Transactions', 'principal amount', 'integral multiples', 'issue date', 'Settlement Date', 'Expiration Date', 'minimum denominations', 'guarantee provisions', 'same terms', 'HUDSON', 'Ohio', 'PRNewswire', 'Parent', 'commencement', 'respect', 'direct', 'subsidiary', 'enhancements', 'covenants', 'collateral', 'accrued', 'conditions', 'November', 'detail', 'connection', 'consents', 'July', 'order', 'December', 'accordance', 'excess', 'cash', 'lieu', 'subsidiaries', '11:59', '5:00']",2025-11-29,2022-11-29,prnewswire.com
13866,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://encyclopedia.thefreedictionary.com/Jacques+Chirac,Jacques Chirac (1932),Chirac  a French political leader  was president of France from 1995 to 2007  served twice as prime minister  and was the mayor of Paris for nearly two decades. As president  he sought to reduce unemployment  cut the deficit  and strengthen ties with Germany.…,"""Chirac"" redirects here. For other uses  see Chirac (disambiguation)Jacques René Chirac ( SHEER-ak [1][2] ZHAHK sheer-AHK [2][3][4] French: [ʒak ʁəne ʃiʁak] ; 29 November 1932 – 26 September 2019) was a French politician who served as President of France[5] from 1995 to 2007. Chirac was previously the Prime Minister of France from 1974 to 1976 and from 1986 to 1988  as well as the Mayor of Paris from 1977 to 1995.After attending the École nationale d'administration  Chirac began his career as a high-level civil servant  entering politics shortly thereafter. Chirac occupied various senior positions  including Minister of Agriculture and Minister of the Interior. Chirac's internal policies initially included lower tax rates  the removal of price controls  strong punishment for crime and terrorism  and business privatisation.[6] After pursuing these policies in his second term as Prime Minister  he changed his views. He argued for more socially responsible economic policies and was elected president in the 1995 presidential election with 52.6% of the vote in the second round  beating Socialist Lionel Jospin  after campaigning on a platform of healing the ""social rift"" (fracture sociale).[7] Then  Chirac's economic policies  based on dirigisme  allowing for state-directed investment  stood in opposition to the laissez-faire policies of the United Kingdom under the ministries of Margaret Thatcher and John Major  which Chirac described as ""Anglo-Saxon ultraliberalism"".[8]He was also known for his stand against the American-led assault on Iraq  his recognition of the collaborationist French Government's role in deporting Jews  and his reduction of the presidential term from 7 years to 5 through a referendum in 2000. At the 2002 French presidential election  he won 82.2% of the vote in the second round against the far-right candidate  Jean-Marie Le Pen. During his second term  however  he had a very low approval rating and was considered one of the least popular presidents in modern French political history.In 2011  the Paris court declared Chirac guilty of diverting public funds and abusing public confidence  giving him a two-year suspended prison sentence.Early life and educationFamily backgroundJacques René Chirac was born on 29 November 1932 in the 5th arrondissement of Paris.[9] He was the son of Abel François Marie Chirac (1898–1968)  a successful executive for an aircraft company [7] and Marie-Louise Valette (1902–1973)  a housewife. His grandparents were teachers[10] from Sainte-Féréole in Corrèze. His great-grandparents on both sides were peasants in the rural south-western region of the Corrèze.[11]According to Chirac  his name ""originates from the langue d'oc  that of the troubadours  therefore that of poetry"". He was a Roman Catholic.[12]Chirac was an only child (his elder sister  Jacqueline  died in infancy before his birth).[13] He was educated in Paris at the Cours Hattemer  a private school.[14] He then attended the Lycée Carnot and the Lycée Louis-le-Grand. After his baccalauréat  he served for three months as a sailor on a coal-transport.[15]Chirac played rugby union for Brive's youth team  and also played at university level. He played no. 8 and second row.[16]Education and early careerInspired by Charles de Gaulle  Chirac started to pursue a civil service career in the 1950s. During this period  he joined the French Communist Party  sold copies of L'Humanité  and took part in meetings of a communist cell.[17] In 1950  he signed the Soviet-inspired Stockholm Appeal for the abolition of nuclear weapons – which led him to be questioned when he applied for his first visa to the United States.[18]In 1953  after graduating from the Sciences Po  he attended a non-credit course at Harvard University's summer school  before entering the École nationale d'administration  which trains France's top civil servants  in 1957.In the United States Chirac worked at Anheuser-Busch in St. Louis  Missouri.[19]Chirac trained as a reserve military officer in armoured cavalry at Saumur.[20] He then volunteered to fight in the Algerian War  using personal connections to be sent despite the reservations of his superiors. His superiors did not want to make him an officer because they suspected he had communist leanings.[21] In 1965  he became an auditor in the Court of Auditors.[22]Early political careerThe ""Bulldozer"": 1962–1971In April 1962  Chirac was appointed head of the personal staff of Prime Minister Georges Pompidou. This appointment launched Chirac's political career. Pompidou considered Chirac his protégé  and referred to him as ""my bulldozer"" for his skill at getting things done. The nickname ""Le Bulldozer"" caught on in French political circles  where it also referred to his abrasive manner. As late as the 1988 presidential election  Chirac maintained this reputation.[23]At Pompidou's suggestion  Chirac ran as a Gaullist for a seat in the National Assembly in 1967. He was elected deputy for his home Corrèze département  a stronghold of the left. This surprising victory in the context of a Gaullist ebb permitted him to enter the government as Minister of Social Affairs. Although Chirac was well-situated in de Gaulle's entourage  being related by marriage to the general's sole companion at the time of the Appeal of 18 June 1940  he was more of a ""Pompidolian"" than a ""Gaullist"". When student and worker unrest rocked France in May 1968  Chirac played a central role in negotiating a truce. Then  as state secretary of economy (1968–1971)  he worked closely with Valéry Giscard d'Estaing  who headed the ministry of economy and finance.Cabinet minister: 1971–1974After some months in the ministry for Relations with Parliament  Chirac's first high-level post came in 1972 when he became Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development under Pompidou  who had been elected president in 1969  after de Gaulle retired. Chirac quickly earned a reputation as a champion of French farmers' interests  and first attracted international attention when he assailed U.S.  West German  and European Commission agricultural policies which conflicted with French interests.On 27 February 1974  after the resignation of Raymond Marcellin  Chirac was appointed Minister of the Interior. On 21 March 1974  he cancelled the SAFARI project due to privacy concerns after its existence was revealed by Le Monde. From March 1974  he was entrusted by President Pompidou with preparations for the presidential election then scheduled for 1976. These elections were moved forward because of Pompidou's sudden death on 2 April 1974.Chirac vainly attempted to rally Gaullists behind Prime Minister Pierre Messmer. Jacques Chaban-Delmas announced his candidacy in spite of the disapproval of the ""Pompidolians"". Chirac and others published the call of the 43 in favour of Giscard d'Estaing  the leader of the non-Gaullist part of the parliamentary majority. Giscard d'Estaing was elected as Pompidou's successor after France's most competitive election campaign in years. In return  the new president chose Chirac to lead the cabinet.Prime Minister of Giscard: 1974–1976When Valéry Giscard d'Estaing became president  he nominated Chirac as prime minister on 27 May 1974  to reconcile the ""Giscardian"" and ""non-Giscardian"" factions of the parliamentary majority. At the age of 41  Chirac stood out as the very model of the jeunes loups (""young wolves"") of French politics  but he was faced with the hostility of the ""Barons of Gaullism"" who considered him a traitor for his role during the previous presidential campaign. In December 1974  he took the lead of the Union of Democrats for the Republic (UDR) against the will of its more senior personalities.As prime minister  Chirac quickly set about persuading the Gaullists that  despite the social reforms proposed by President Giscard  the basic tenets of Gaullism  such as national and European independence  would be retained. Chirac was advised by Pierre Juillet and Marie-France Garaud  two former advisers of Pompidou. These two organised the campaign against Chaban-Delmas in 1974. They advocated a clash with Giscard d'Estaing because they thought his policy bewildered the conservative electorate.[24]Citing Giscard's unwillingness to give him authority  Chirac resigned as Prime Minister in 1976. He proceeded to build up his political base among France's several conservative parties  with a goal of reconstituting the Gaullist UDR into a Neo-Gaullist group  the Rally for the Republic (RPR). Chirac's first tenure as prime minister was also an arguably progressive one  with improvements in both the minimum wage and the social welfare system carried out during the course of his premiership.[25]Mayor of Paris: 1977–1995After his departure from the cabinet  Chirac wanted to gain the leadership of the political right  to gain the French presidency in the future. The RPR was conceived as an electoral machine against President Giscard d'Estaing. Paradoxically  Chirac benefited from Giscard's decision to create the office of mayor in Paris  which had been in abeyance since the 1871 Commune  because the leaders of the Third Republic (1871–1940) feared that having municipal control of the capital would give the mayor too much power. In 1977  Chirac stood as a candidate against Michel d'Ornano  a close friend of the president  and he won. As mayor of Paris  Chirac's political influence grew. He held this post until 1995.[26]Chirac supporters point out that  as mayor  he provided programmes to help the elderly  people with disabilities  and single mothers  and introduced the street-cleaning Motocrotte [27] while providing incentives for businesses to stay in Paris. His opponents contend that he installed ""clientelist"" policies.Governmental oppositionStruggle for the right-wing leadership: 1976–1986In 1978  Chirac attacked the pro-European policy of Valéry Giscard d'Estaing (VGE)  and made a nationalist turn with the December 1978 Call of Cochin  initiated by his counsellors Marie-France Garaud and Pierre Juillet  which had first been called by Pompidou. Hospitalised in Hôpital Cochin after a car crash  he declared that ""as always about the drooping of France  the pro-foreign party acts with its peaceable and reassuring voice"". He appointed Yvan Blot  an intellectual who would later join the National Front  as director of his campaigns for the 1979 European election.[28]After the poor results of the election  Chirac broke with Garaud and Juillet. Vexed Marie-France Garaud stated: ""We thought Chirac was made of the same marble of which statues are carved in  we perceive he's of the same faience bidets are made of.""[29] His rivalry with Giscard d'Estaing intensified. Although it has been often interpreted by historians as the struggle between two rival French right-wing families (the Bonapartists  represented by Chirac  and the Orleanists  represented by VGE)  both figures in fact were members of the liberal  Orleanist tradition  according to historian Alain-Gérard Slama.[28] But the eviction of the Gaullist barons and of President Giscard d'Estaing convinced Chirac to assume a strong neo-Gaullist stance.Chirac made his first run for president against Giscard d'Estaing in the 1981 election  thus splitting the centre-right vote. He was eliminated in the first round with 18% of the vote. He reluctantly supported Giscard in the second round. He refused to give instructions to the RPR voters but said that he supported the incumbent president ""in a private capacity""  which was interpreted as almost de facto support of the Socialist Party's (PS) candidate  François Mitterrand  who was elected by a broad majority.Giscard has always blamed Chirac for his defeat. He was told by Mitterrand  before his death  that the latter had dined with Chirac before the election. Chirac told the Socialist candidate that he wanted to ""get rid of Giscard"". In his memoirs  Giscard wrote that between the two rounds  he phoned the RPR headquarters. He passed himself off  as a right-wing voter  by changing his voice. The RPR employee advised him ""certainly do not vote Giscard!"" After 1981  the relationship between the two men became tense  with Giscard  even though he had been in the same government coalition as Chirac  criticising Chirac's actions openly.After the May 1981 presidential election  the right also lost the subsequent legislative election that year. However  as Giscard had been knocked out  Chirac appeared as the principal leader of the right-wing opposition. Due to his attacks against the economic policy of the Socialist government  he gradually aligned himself with prevailing economically liberal opinion  even though it did not correspond with Gaullist doctrine. While the far-right National Front grew  taking advantage of the proportional representation electoral system which had been introduced for the 1986 legislative elections  he signed an electoral pact with the Giscardian (and more or less Christian Democratic) party Union for French Democracy (UDF).Prime Minister of Mitterrand: 1986–1988Chirac during his second term as Prime MinisterWhen the RPR/UDF right-wing coalition won a slight majority in the National Assembly in the 1986 election  Mitterrand (PS) appointed Chirac prime minister (though many in Mitterrand's inner circle lobbied him to choose Jacques Chaban-Delmas instead). This unprecedented power-sharing arrangement  known as cohabitation  gave Chirac the lead in domestic affairs. However  it is generally conceded that Mitterrand used the areas granted to the President of the Republic  or ""reserved domains"" of the Presidency  Defence and Foreign Affairs  to belittle his Prime Minister.Chirac's cabinet sold many public companies  renewing the liberalisation initiated under Laurent Fabius's Socialist government of 1984–1986  and abolished the solidarity tax on wealth (ISF)  a symbolic tax on those with high value assets introduced by Mitterrand's government. Elsewhere  the plan for university reform (plan Devaquet) caused a crisis in 1986 when a student called Malik Oussekine was killed by the police  leading to massive demonstrations and the proposal's withdrawal. It has been said during other student crises that this event strongly affected Jacques Chirac  who was afterwards careful about possible police violence during such demonstrations (e.g.  maybe explaining part of the decision to ""promulgate without applying"" the First Employment Contract (CPE) after large student demonstrations against it).One of his first acts concerning foreign policy was to call back Jacques Foccart (1913–1997)  who had been de Gaulle's and his successors' leading counsellor for African matters  called by journalist Stephen Smith the ""father of all ""networks"" on the continent  at the time [in 1986] aged 72.""[30] Foccart  who had also co-founded the Gaullist SAC militia (dissolved by Mitterrand in 1982 after the Auriol massacre) along with Charles Pasqua  and who was a key component of the ""Françafrique"" system  was again called to the Elysée Palace when Chirac won the 1995 presidential election. Furthermore  confronted by anti-colonialist movements in New Caledonia  Prime Minister Chirac ordered a military intervention against the separatists in the Ouvéa cave  leading to several tragic deaths. He allegedly refused any alliance with Jean-Marie Le Pen's Front National.[31]Crossing the desert: 1988–1995Chirac ran against Mitterrand for a second time in the 1988 election. He obtained 20 percent of the vote in the first round  but lost the second with only 46 percent. He resigned from the cabinet and the right lost the next legislative election.[32]For the first time  his leadership over the RPR was challenged. Charles Pasqua and Philippe Séguin criticised his abandonment of Gaullist doctrines. On the right  a new generation of politicians  the ""renovation men""  accused Chirac and Giscard of being responsible for the electoral defeats. In 1992  convinced a candidate could not become president whilst advocating anti-European policies  he called for a ""yes"" vote in the referendum on the Maastricht Treaty  against the opinion of Pasqua  Séguin and a majority of the RPR voters  who chose to vote ""no"".[33]While he still was mayor of Paris (since 1977) [34] Chirac went to Abidjan (Côte d'Ivoire) where he supported President Houphouët-Boigny (1960–1993)  although the latter was being called a ""thief"" by the local population. Chirac then declared that multipartism was a ""kind of luxury.""[30]Nevertheless  the right won the 1993 legislative election. Chirac announced that he did not want to come back as prime minister as his previous term had ended with his unsuccessful run for the presidency against Mitterand who was still President at this point.Chirac instead suggested the appointment of Edouard Balladur  who had promised that he would not run for the presidency against Chirac in 1995. However  benefiting from positive polls  Balladur decided to be a presidential candidate  with the support of a majority of right-wing politicians. Balladur broke from Chirac along with a number of friends and allies  including Charles Pasqua  Nicolas Sarkozy  etc.  who supported his candidacy. A small group of ""fidels"" would remain with Chirac  including Alain Juppé and Jean-Louis Debré. When Nicolas Sarkozy became president in 2007  Juppé was one of the few ""chiraquiens"" to serve in François Fillon's government.[35]Presidency (1995–2007)First term: 1995–2002Juppé ministryChirac with Bill Clinton outside the Élysée Palace in Paris  June 1999During the 1995 presidential campaign  Chirac criticised the ""sole thought"" (pensée unique) of neoliberalism represented by his challenger on the right and promised to reduce the ""social fracture""  placing himself more to the centre and thus forcing Balladur to radicalise himself. Ultimately  he obtained more votes than Balladur in the first round (20.8 percent)  and then defeated the Socialist candidate Lionel Jospin in the second round (52.6 percent).Chirac was elected on a platform of tax cuts and job programmes  but his policies did little to ease the labour strikes during his first months in office. On the domestic front  neo-liberal economic austerity measures introduced by Chirac and his conservative prime minister Alain Juppé  including budgetary cutbacks  proved highly unpopular. At about the same time  it became apparent that Juppé and others had obtained preferential conditions for public housing  as well as other perks. At the year's end Chirac faced major workers' strikes which turned  in November–December 1995  into a general strike  one of the largest since May 1968. The demonstrations were largely pitted against Juppé's plan for pension reform  and ultimately led to his dismissal.Shortly after taking office  Chirac – undaunted by international protests by environmental groups – insisted upon the resumption of nuclear tests at Mururoa Atoll in French Polynesia in 1995  a few months before signing the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty.[36] Reacting to criticism  Chirac said  ""You only have to look back at 1935...There were people then who were against France arming itself  and look what happened."" On 1 February 1996  Chirac announced that France had ended ""once and for all"" its nuclear testing and intended to accede to the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty.Elected as President of the Republic  he refused to discuss the existence of French military bases in Africa  despite requests by the Ministry of Defence and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.[30] The French Army thus remained in Côte d'Ivoire as well as in Omar Bongo's Gabon.Chirac with Russian President Vladimir Putin   2001Chirac with German Federal Chancellor Gerhard Schröder   2003State responsibility for the roundup of JewsPrior to 1995  the French government had maintained that the French Republic had been dismantled when Philippe Pétain instituted a new French State during World War II and that the Republic had been re-established when the war was over. It was not for France  therefore  to apologise for the roundup of Jews for deportation that happened while the Republic had not existed and was carried out by a state  Vichy France  which it did not recognise. President François Mitterrand had reiterated this position: ""The Republic had nothing to do with this. I do not believe France is responsible "" he said in September 1994.[37]Chirac was the first President of France to take responsibility for the deportation of Jews during the Vichy regime. In a speech made on 16 July 1995 at the site of the Vel' d'Hiv Roundup  where 13 000 Jews had been held for deportation to concentration camps in July 1942  Chirac said  ""France  on that day  committed the irreparable"". Those responsible for the roundup were ""4 500 policemen and gendarmes  French  under the authority of their leaders [who] obeyed the demands of the Nazis. ... the criminal folly of the occupiers was seconded by the French  by the French State"".[38][39][40]""Cohabitation"" with JospinIn 1997  Chirac dissolved parliament for early legislative elections in a gamble designed to bolster support for his conservative economic program. But instead  it created an uproar  and his power was weakened by the subsequent backlash. The Socialist Party (PS)  joined by other parties on the left  soundly defeated Chirac's conservative allies  forcing Chirac into a new period of cohabitation with Jospin as prime minister (1997–2002)  which lasted five years.Cohabitation significantly weakened the power of Chirac's presidency. The French president  by a constitutional convention  only controls foreign and military policy— and even then  allocation of funding is under the control of Parliament and under the significant influence of the prime minister. Short of dissolving parliament and calling for new elections  the president was left with little power to influence public policy regarding crime  the economy  and public services. Chirac seized the occasion to periodically criticise Jospin's government.His position was weakened by scandals about the financing of RPR by Paris municipality. In 2001  the left  represented by Bertrand Delanoë (PS)  won a majority on the city council of the capital. Jean Tiberi  Chirac's successor at the Paris city hall  was forced to resign after having been put under investigations in June 1999 on charges of trafic d'influences in the HLMs of Paris affairs (related to the illegal financing of the RPR). Tiberi was finally expelled from the Rally for the Republic  Chirac's party  on 12 October 2000  declaring to the Figaro magazine on 18 November 2000: ""Jacques Chirac is not my friend anymore"".[41]After the publication of the Jean-Claude Méry by Le Monde on 22 September 2000  in which Jean-Claude Méry  in charge of the RPR's financing  directly accused Chirac of organizing the network  and of having been physically present on 5 October 1986  when Méry gave in cash 5 million Francs  which came from companies who had benefited from state deals  to Michel Roussin  personal secretary (directeur de cabinet) of Chirac [42][43] Chirac refused to attend court in response to his summons by judge Eric Halphen  and the highest echelons of the French justice system declared that he could not be inculpated while in office.During his two terms  he increased the Elysee Palace's total budget by 105 percent (to €90 million  whereas 20 years before it was the equivalent of €43.7 million). He doubled the number of presidential cars – to 61 cars and seven scooters in the Palace's garage. He hired 145 extra employees – the total number of the people he employed simultaneously was 963.Defence policyAs the Supreme Commander of the French armed forces  he reduced the military budget  as did his predecessor. At the end of his first term it accounted for three percent of GDP.[44] In 1997 the aircraft carrier Clemenceau was decommissioned after 37 years of service  with her sister ship Foch decommissioned in 2000 after 37 years of service  leaving the French Navy with no aircraft carrier until 2001  when Charles de Gaulle was commissioned.[45] He also reduced expenditure on nuclear weapons[46] and the French nuclear arsenal was reduced to include 350 warheads  compared to the Russian nuclear arsenal of 16 000 warheads.[47] He also published a plan to reduce the number of fighters the French military had by 30.[48]After François Mitterrand left office in 1995  Chirac began a rapprochement with NATO by joining the Military Committee and attempting to negotiate a return to the integrated military command  which failed after the French demand for parity with the United States went unmet. The possibility of a further attempt foundered after Chirac was forced into cohabitation with a Socialist-led cabinet between 1997 and 2002  then poor Franco-American relations after the French UN veto threat over Iraq in 2003 made transatlantic negotiations impossible.Close callOn 25 July 2000  as Chirac and the first lady were returning from the G7 Summit in Okinawa  Japan  they were placed in a dangerous situation by Air France Flight 4590 after they landed at Charles de Gaulle International Airport. The first couple were in an Air France Boeing 747 taxiing toward the terminal when the jet had to stop and wait for Flight 4590 to take off.[49] The departing plane  an Aérospatiale-BAC Concorde  ran over a strip of metal on takeoff puncturing its left fuel tank and sliced electrical wires near the left landing gear. The sequence of events ignited a large fire and caused the Concorde to veer left on its takeoff roll. As it reached takeoff speed and lifted off the ground  it came within 30 feet of hitting Chirac's 747. The photograph of Flight 4590 ablaze  the only picture taken of the Concorde on fire  was taken by passenger Toshihiko Sato on Chirac's jetliner.Second term: 2002–2007At the age of 69  Chirac faced his fourth presidential campaign in 2002. He received 20% of the vote in the first ballot of the presidential elections in April 2002. It had been expected that he would face incumbent prime minister Lionel Jospin (PS) in the second round of elections; instead  Chirac faced far-right politician Jean-Marie Le Pen of the National Front (FN)  who came in 200 000 votes ahead of Jospin. All parties other than the National Front (except for Lutte ouvrière) called for opposing Le Pen  even if it meant voting for Chirac. The 14-day period between the two rounds of voting was marked by demonstrations against Le Pen and slogans such as ""Vote for the crook  not for the fascist"" or ""Vote with a clothespin on your nose"". Chirac won re-election by a landslide  with 82 percent of the vote on the second ballot. However  Chirac became increasingly unpopular during his second term. According to a July 2005 poll [50] 32 percent judged Chirac favourably and 63 percent unfavorably. In 2006  The Economist wrote that Chirac ""is the most unpopular occupant of the Elysée Palace in the fifth republic's history.""[51]Early termAs the left-wing Socialist Party was in thorough disarray following Jospin's defeat  Chirac reorganised politics on the right  establishing a new party – initially called the Union of the Presidential Majority  then the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP). The RPR had broken down; a number of members had formed Eurosceptic breakaways. While the Giscardian liberals of the Union for French Democracy (UDF) had moved to the right  the UMP won the parliamentary elections that followed the presidential poll with ease.During an official visit to Madagascar on 21 July 2005  Chirac described the repression of the 1947 Malagasy uprising  which left between 80 000 and 90 000 dead  as ""unacceptable"".Despite past opposition to state intervention the Chirac government approved a €2.8 billion aid package to troubled manufacturing giant Alstom.[52] In October 2004  Chirac signed a trade agreement with PRC President Hu Jintao where Alstom was given €1 billion in contracts and promises of future investment in China.[53]Assassination attemptOn 14 July 2002  during Bastille Day celebrations  Chirac survived an assassination attempt by a lone gunman with a rifle hidden in a guitar case. The would-be assassin fired a shot toward the presidential motorcade  before being overpowered by bystanders.[54] The gunman  Maxime Brunerie  underwent psychiatric testing; the violent far-right group with which he was associated  Unité Radicale  was then administratively dissolved.Foreign policyAlong with Vladimir Putin (whom he called ""a personal friend"") [55] Hu Jintao  and Gerhard Schröder  Chirac emerged as a leading voice against George W. Bush and Tony Blair in 2003 during the organisation and deployment of American and British forces participating in a military coalition to forcibly remove the government of Iraq controlled by the Ba'ath Party under the leadership of Saddam Hussein that resulted in the 2003–2011 Iraq War.Despite British and American pressure  Chirac threatened to veto  at that given point  a resolution in the UN Security Council that would authorise the use of military force to rid Iraq of alleged weapons of mass destruction  and rallied other governments to his position. ""Iraq today does not represent an immediate threat that justifies an immediate war""  Chirac said on 18 March 2003. Future Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin acquired much of his popularity for his speech against the war at the United Nations (UN).After Togo's leader Gnassingbé Eyadéma's death on 5 February 2005  Chirac gave him tribute and supported his son  Faure Gnassingbé  who has since succeeded his father.[30]On 19 January 2006  Chirac said that France was prepared to launch a nuclear strike against any country that sponsors a terrorist attack against French interests. He said his country's nuclear arsenal had been reconfigured to include the ability to make a tactical strike in retaliation for terrorism.[56]Chirac criticized the Israeli offensive into Lebanon on 14 July 2006.[57] However  Israeli Army Radio later reported that Chirac had secretly told Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert that France would support an Israeli invasion of Syria and the overthrow of the government of President Bashar al-Assad  promising to veto any moves against Israel in the United Nations or European Union.[58] Whereas the disagreement on Iraq had caused a rift between Paris and Washington  recent analysis suggests that both governments worked closely together on the Syria file to end the Syrian occupation of Lebanon  and that Chirac was a driver of this diplomatic cooperation.[59]In July 2006  the G8 met to discuss international energy concerns. Despite the rising awareness of global warming issues  the G8 focused on ""energy security"" issues. Chirac continued to be the voice within the G8 summit meetings to support international action to curb global warming and climate change concerns. Chirac warned that ""humanity is dancing on a volcano"" and called for serious action by the world's leading industrialised nations.After Chirac's death in 2019  the street leading to the Louvre Abu Dhabi was named Jacques Chirac Street in November 2019 in celebration of Chirac's efforts to bolster links between France and the United Arab Emirates during his presidency.[60]Flight taxChirac requested the Landau-report (published in September 2004) and combined with the Report of the Technical Group on Innovative Financing Mechanisms formulated upon request by the Heads of State of Brazil  Chile  France and Spain (issued in December 2004)  these documents present various opportunities for innovative financing mechanisms while equally stressing the advantages (stability and predictability) of tax-based models. The UNITAID project was born. Today the organisation executive board is chaired by Philippe Douste-Blazy.2005 referendum on TCEFurther information: 2005 French European Constitution referendum and Treaty establishing a Constitution for EuropeOn 29 May 2005  a referendum was held in France to decide whether the country should ratify the proposed treaty for a Constitution of the European Union (TCE). The result was a victory for the No campaign  with 55 percent of voters rejecting the treaty on a turnout of 69 percent  dealing a devastating blow to Chirac and the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP) party  and to part of the centre-left which had supported the TCE. Following the referendum defeat  Chirac replaced his Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin with Domenique de Villepin. In an address to the nation  Chirac declared that the new cabinet's top priority was to curb unemployment  which was consistently hovering above 10 percent  calling for a ""national mobilisation"" to that effect.[61]2005 civil unrest and CPE protestsFollowing major student protests in spring 2006  which followed civil unrest in autumn 2005 after the death of two young boys in Clichy-sous-Bois  one of the poorest communes in Paris' suburbs  Chirac retracted the proposed First Employment Contract (CPE) by ""promulgating [it] without applying it""  an unheard-of – and  some claim  illegal – move intended to appease the protesters while giving the appearance of not making a volte-face regarding the contract  and therefore to continue his support for his Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin.RetirementIn early September 2005  Chirac suffered an event that his doctors described as a ""vascular incident"". It was officially reported as a ""minor stroke""[62] or a mild stroke (also known as a transient ischemic attack).[63] He recovered and returned to his duties soon afterward.In a pre-recorded television broadcast aired on 11 March 2007  he announced  in a widely predicted move  that he would not choose to seek a third term as president. (In 2000 the constitution had been amended to reduce the length of the presidential term to five years  so his second term was shorter than his first.)[64] ""My whole life has been committed to serving France  and serving peace""  Chirac said  adding that he would find new ways to serve France after leaving office. He did not explain the reasons for his decision.[65] He did not  during the broadcast  endorse any of the candidates running for election  but did devote several minutes of his talk to a plea against extremist politics that was considered a thinly disguised invocation to voters not to vote for Jean-Marie Le Pen and a recommendation to Nicolas Sarkozy not to orient his campaign so as to include themes traditionally associated with Le Pen.[66]Post-presidency and deathJacques Chirac in Saint-Tropez   2010Shortly after leaving office  he launched the Fondation Chirac[67] in June 2008. Since then it has been striving for peace through five advocacy programmes: conflict prevention  access to water and sanitation  access to quality medicines and healthcare  access to land resources  and preservation of cultural diversity. It supports field projects that involve local people and provide concrete and innovative solutions. Chirac chaired the jury for the Prize for Conflict Prevention awarded every year by his foundation.[68]As a former President of France  he was entitled to a lifetime pension and personal security protection  and was an ex officio member for life of the Constitutional Council.[69] He sat for the first time on the council on 15 November 2007  six months after leaving the presidency. Immediately after Sarkozy's victory  Chirac moved into a 180-square-metre (1 900 sq ft) duplex on the Quai Voltaire in Paris lent to him by the family of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri. During the Didier Schuller affair  the latter accused Hariri of having participated in illegal funding of the RPR's political campaigns  but the judge closed the case without further investigations.[70]In Volume 2 of his memoirs published in June 2011  Chirac mocked his successor Nicolas Sarkozy as ""irritable  rash  impetuous  disloyal  ungrateful  and un-French"".[71][72] Chirac wrote that he considered firing Sarkozy previously  and conceded responsibility in allowing Jean-Marie Le Pen to advance in 2002.[73] A poll conducted in 2010 suggested he was the most admired political figure in France  while Sarkozy was 32nd.[71]On 11 April 2008  Chirac's office announced that he had undergone successful surgery to fit a pacemaker.Chirac suffered from frail health and memory loss in later life. In February 2014 he was admitted to hospital because of pains related to gout.[74][75] On 10 December 2015  Chirac was hospitalised in Paris for undisclosed reasons  although his state of health did not ""give any cause for concern""  he remained for about a week in ICU.[76] According to his son-in-law Frederic Salat-Baroux  Chirac was again hospitalised in Paris with a lung infection on 18 September 2016.[77]Death and state funeralChirac's grave in Montparnasse Cemetery  2 October 2019Chirac died at his home in Paris on 26 September 2019  surrounded by his family.[78] His requiem mass was held at the Saint-Sulpice Church on 30 September 2019  celebrated by Michel Aupetit  Archbishop of Paris  and attended by representatives from about 175 countries  included 69 past and present heads of state  government and international organizations. Notable names included António Guterres  Jean-Claude Juncker  Jens Stoltenberg  Vladimir Putin  Sergio Mattarella  Frank-Walter Steinmeier  Charles Michel  Viktor Orbán  Recep Tayyip Erdogan  Saad Hariri  Borut Pahor  Salome Zourabichvili  Tony Blair  Jean Chrétien  Vaira Vike-Freiberga  Bill Clinton  Hamid Karzai  Dai Bingguo plus many ministers.The day was declared a national day of mourning in France and a minute of silence was held nationwide at 15:00. Following the public ceremony  Chirac was buried at the Montparnasse Cemetery with only his closest family in attendance.Popular cultureImpact on French popular culturePortrait of Jacques Chirac by Donald SheridanBecause of Jacques Chirac's long career in visible government positions  he was often parodied or caricatured: Young Jacques Chirac is the basis of a young  dashing bureaucrat character in the 1976 Asterix comic strip album Obelix and Co.  proposing methods to quell Gallic unrest to elderly  old-style Roman politicians. Chirac was also featured in Le Bêbête Show as an overexcited  jumpy character.Jacques Chirac was a favorite character of Les Guignols de l'Info  a satiric latex puppet show.[79] He was originally portrayed as a rather likable  though overexcited  character; following the corruption allegations  however  he was depicted as a kind of dilettante and incompetent who pilfered public money and lied through his teeth. His character for a while developed a superhero alter ego  Super Menteur (""Super Liar"") to get him out of embarrassing situations. Because of his alleged improprieties  he was lambasted in a song Chirac en prison (""Chirac in prison"") by French punk band Les Wampas  with a video clip made by the Guignols.He was given the Ig Nobel prize for peace  for commemorating the fiftieth anniversary of Hiroshima with atomic bomb tests in the Pacific (1996).Portrayals in filmCharles Fathy appears as Chirac in the Oliver Stone film W. Marc Rioufol plays him in Richard Loncraine's 2010 film The Special Relationship.[80]Bernard Le Coq portrays Chirac in La Dernière Campagne and The Conquest by Xavier Durringer.[81][82]ControversiesOsirak controversyAt the invitation of Saddam Hussein (then vice-president of Iraq  but de facto dictator)  Chirac made an official visit to Baghdad in 1975. Saddam approved a deal granting French oil companies a number of privileges plus a 23-percent share of Iraqi oil.[83] As part of this deal  France sold Iraq the Osirak MTR nuclear reactor  designed to test nuclear materials.The Israeli Air Force alleged that the reactor's imminent commissioning was a threat to its security  and pre-emptively bombed the Osirak reactor on 7 June 1981  provoking considerable anger from French officials and the United Nations Security Council.[84]The Osirak deal became a controversy again in 2002–2003  when an international military coalition led by the United States invaded Iraq and forcibly removed Hussein's government from power. France led several other European countries in an effort to prevent the invasion. The Osirak deal was then used by parts of the American media to criticise the Chirac-led opposition to starting a war in Iraq [85] despite French involvement in the Gulf War.[86]Conviction for corruptionChirac has been named in several cases of alleged corruption that occurred during his term as mayor  some of which have led to felony convictions of some politicians and aides. However  a controversial judicial decision in 1999 granted Chirac immunity while he was president of France. He refused to testify on these matters  arguing that it would be incompatible with his presidential functions. Investigations concerning the running of Paris's city hall  the number of whose municipal employees increased by 25% from 1977 to 1995 (with 2 000 out of approximately 35 000 coming from the Corrèze region where Chirac had held his seat as deputy)  as well as a lack of financial transparency (marchés publics) and the communal debt  were thwarted by the legal impossibility of questioning him as president.[87]The conditions of the privatisation of the Parisian water system acquired very cheaply by the Compagnie Générale des Eaux and the Lyonnaise des Eaux  then directed by Jérôme Monod  a close friend of Chirac  were also criticised. Furthermore  the satirical newspaper Le Canard enchaîné revealed the astronomical ""food expenses"" paid by the Parisian municipality (€15 million a year according to the Canard)  expenses managed by Roger Romani (who allegedly destroyed all archives of the period 1978–93 during night raids in 1999–2000). Thousands of people were invited each year to receptions in the Paris city hall  while many political  media and artistic personalities were hosted in private flats owned by the city.[87]Chirac's immunity from prosecution ended in May 2007  when he left office as president. In November 2007 a preliminary charge of misuse of public funds was filed against him.[88] Chirac is said to be the first former French head of state to be formally placed under investigation for a crime.[89] On 30 October 2009  a judge ordered Chirac to stand trial on embezzlement charges  dating back to his time as mayor of Paris.[90]On 7 March 2011  he went on trial on charges of diverting public funds  accused of giving fictional city jobs to twenty-eight activists from his political party while serving as the mayor of Paris (1977–95).[91][92] Along with Chirac  nine others stood trial in two separate cases  one dealing with fictional jobs for 21 people and the other with jobs for the remaining seven.[91] The President of Union for a Popular Movement  who later served as France's Minister of Foreign Affairs  Alain Juppé  was sentenced to a 14-month suspended prison sentence for the same case in 2004.[93]On 15 December 2011  Chirac was found guilty and given a suspended sentence of two years.[93] He was convicted of diverting public funds  abuse of trust and illegal conflict of interest. The suspended sentence meant he did not have to go to prison  and took into account his age  health  and status as a former head of state.[94] He did not attend his trial  since medical doctors deemed that his neurological problems damaged his memory.[93] His defence team decided not to appeal.[93][95]The Clearstream AffairDuring April and May 2006  Chirac's administration was beset by a crisis as his chosen Prime Minister  Dominique de Villepin  was accused of asking Philippe Rondot  a top level French spy  for a secret investigation into Villepin's chief political rival  Nicolas Sarkozy  in 2004. This matter has been called the second Clearstream Affair. On 10 May 2006  following a Cabinet meeting  Chirac made a rare television appearance to try to protect Villepin from the scandal and to debunk allegations that Chirac himself had set up a Japanese bank account containing 300 million francs in 1992 as Mayor of Paris.[96] Chirac said that ""The Republic is not a dictatorship of rumours  a dictatorship of calumny.""[97]Personal lifeIn 1956  Chirac married Bernadette Chodron de Courcel  with whom he had two daughters: Laurence (4 March 1958 – 14 April 2016)[98] and Claude (born 6 December 1962). Claude was a long-term public relations assistant and personal adviser to her father [99] while Laurence  who suffered from anorexia nervosa in her youth  did not participate in her father's political activities.[100] Chirac was the grandfather of Martin Rey-Chirac by the relationship of Claude with French judoka Thierry Rey. A former Vietnamese refugee  Anh Dao Traxel  is a foster daughter of Jacques and Bernadette Chirac.[101]Chirac remained married  but had several other relationships.[102][103][104]Academic worksIn 1954  Chirac presented The Development of the Port of New-Orleans  a short geography/economic thesis to the Institut d'Etudes Politiques de Paris (Sciences Po)  which he had entered three years before. The 182-page typewritten work  supervised by Professor Jean Chardonnet  is illustrated by photographs  sketches and diagrams.Political careerPresident of the French Republic: 1995–2007. Reelected in 2002.Member of the Constitutional Council of France: Since 2007.Governmental functionsPrime minister: 1974–76 (Resignation) / 1986–88.Minister of Interior: March–May 1974.Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development: 1972–74.Minister of Relation with Parliament: 1971–72.Secretary of State for Economy and Finance: 1968–71.Secretary of State for Social Affairs: 1967–68.Electoral mandatesEuropean ParliamentMember of European Parliament: 1979–80 (Resignation). Elected in 1979.National Assembly of FranceElected in 1967  reelected in 1968  1973  1976  1981  1986  1988  1993: Member for Corrèze: March–April 1967 (became Secretary of State in April 1967)  reelected in 1968  1973  but he remained a minister in 1976–1986 (became Prime Minister in 1986)  1988–95 (resigned to become President of the French Republic in 1995).General CouncilPresident of the General Council of Corrèze: 1970–1979. Reelected in 1973  1976.General councillor of Corrèze: 1968–88. Reelected in 1970  1976  1982.Municipal CouncilMayor of Paris: 1977–95 (Resignation  became President of the French Republic in 1995). Reelected in 1983  1989.Councillor of Paris: 1977–1995 (Resignation). Reelected in 1983  1989.Municipal councillor of Sainte-Féréole: 1965–77. Reelected in 1971.Political functionPresident of the Rally for the Republic: 1976–94 (Resignation).MinistriesFirst Chirac ministry(27 May 1974 – 25 August 1976)Jacques Chirac – Prime Minister– Prime Minister Jean Sauvagnargues – Minister of Foreign AffairsJacques Soufflet – Minister of DefenceMichel Poniatowski – Minister of the InteriorJean-Pierre Fourcade – Minister of Economy and FinanceMichel d'Ornano – Minister of Industry  Tourism  Posts  and TelecommunicationsMichel Durafour – Minister of Employment and Social AffairsJean Lecanuet – Minister of JusticeRené Haby – Minister of National EducationSimone Veil – Minister of HealthChristian Bonnet – Minister of AgricultureNorbert Ségard – Minister of External TradeRobert Galley – Minister of EquipmentVincent Ansquer – Minister of Trade and CraftPierre Abelin – Minister of CooperationJean-Jacques Servan-Schreiber – Minister of ReformsAndré Jarrot – Minister of Quality of LifeSecond Chirac ministry(20 March 1986 – 12 May 1988)Jacques Chirac – Prime Minister– Prime Minister Jean-Bernard Raimond – Minister of Foreign AffairsAndré Giraud – Minister of DefenceCharles Pasqua – Minister of the InteriorÉdouard Balladur – Minister of State  Minister of Economy  Finance  and PrivatisationAlain Madelin – Minister of Industry  Tourism  Posts  and TelecommunicationsPhilippe Séguin – Minister of Employment and Social AffairsAlbin Chalandon – Minister of JusticeRené Monory – Minister of National EducationFrançois Léotard – Minister of Culture and CommunicationsFrançois Guillaume – Minister of AgricultureBernard Pons – Minister of Overseas Departments and TerritoriesPierre Méhaignerie – Minister of Housing  Equipment  Regional Planning  and TransportAndré Rossinot – Minister for Relations with ParliamentMichel Aurillac – Minister of CooperationHonoursNational honoursForeign honoursPublicationsDiscours pour la France à l'heure du choix   Paris  ed. Stock  1978  Paris  ed. Stock  1978 La Lueur de l'espérance. Réflexion du soir pour le matin   Paris  ed. La Table ronde  1978  Paris  ed. La Table ronde  1978 Oui à l'Europe (With Alain Berger)  Paris  ed. Albatros  1984(With Alain Berger)  Paris  ed. Albatros  1984 Une ambition pour la France   Paris  ed. Albin Michel  1988  Paris  ed. Albin Michel  1988 Une nouvelle France. Réflexions 1   Paris  ed. NiL  1994  Paris  ed. NiL  1994 La France pour tous   Paris  ed. NiL Éditions  1995  Paris  ed. NiL Éditions  1995 Mon combat pour la France  tome I   Paris  ed. Odile Jacob  2006  Paris  ed. Odile Jacob  2006 Le Développement du port de la Nouvelle-Orléans   Paris  ed. Presses universitaires du Nouveau Monde  2007  Paris  ed. Presses universitaires du Nouveau Monde  2007 Mon combat pour la paix  tome II   Paris  ed. Odile Jacob  2007  Paris  ed. Odile Jacob  2007 Demain  il sera trop tard   Paris  ed. Desclée de Brouwer  2008  Paris  ed. Desclée de Brouwer  2008 Mémoires : Tome I  Chaque pas doit être un but   Paris  ed. NiL  2009  Paris  ed. NiL  2009 Mémoires : Tome II  Le Temps présidentiel  Paris  ed. NiL Éditions  2011See alsoList of national leaders1995 French presidential electionMusée du Président Jacques ChiracMusée du quai Branly – Jacques ChiracReferencesFurther readingAllport  Alan. Jacques Chirac (Infobase Publishing  2007)  short biography excerpt(Infobase Publishing  2007)  short biography excerpt Bell  David et al. eds. Biographical Dictionary of French Political Leaders Since 1870 (1990) pp 82–86.(1990) pp 82–86. Bell  David. Presidential Power in Fifth Republic France (2000) pp 211–40.(2000) pp 211–40. Bell  David S.  Erwin C. Hargrove  and Kevin Theakston. ""Skill in context: A comparison of politicians."" Presidential Studies Quarterly 29.3 (1999): 528–548; comparison of George Bush (US)  John Major (UK)  and Jacques Chirac.29.3 (1999): 528–548; comparison of George Bush (US)  John Major (UK)  and Jacques Chirac. Chafer  Tony. ""Chirac and ‘la Francafrique’: No longer a family affair."" Modern & Contemporary France 13.1 (2005): 7-23. online13.1 (2005): 7-23. online Drake  Helen. ""Jacques chirac's balancing acts: The French right and Europe."" South European Society & Politics 10.2 (2005): 297–313.10.2 (2005): 297–313. Elgie  Robert. ""La cohabitation de longue durée: studying the 1997-2002 experience."" Modern & Contemporary France (2002) 10#3 pp 297–31  in English.(2002) 10#3 pp 297–31  in English. Gaffney  John. ""The Mainstream Right: Chirac and Balladur."" in French Presidentialism and the Election of 1995 (Routledge  2018) pp. 99-115.(Routledge  2018) pp. 99-115. Gaffney  John. ""Protocol  Image  and Discourse in Political leadership Competition: the case of prime minister Lionel Jospin  1997-2002."" Modern & Contemporary France 10.3 (2002): 313–323.10.3 (2002): 313–323. Gaffney  John  ed. The French presidential and legislative elections of 2002 (Routledge  2018).(Routledge  2018). Knapp  Andrew. ""Jacques Chirac: Surviving without Leading?."" in David Bell and John Gaffney  eds. The presidents of the French Fifth Republic (Palgrave Macmillan UK  2013). pp 159–180.(Palgrave Macmillan UK  2013). pp 159–180. Levy  Jonah  Alistair Cole  and Patrick Le Galès. ""From Chirac to Sarkozy. A New France."" Developments in French politics 4 (2008): 1-21.4 (2008): 1-21. Maclean  Mairi. Economic Management and French Business: From de Gaulle to Chirac (Springer  2002).(Springer  2002). Milzow  Katrin. National interests and European integration: Discourse and politics of Blair  Chirac and Schroeder (Palgrave Macmillan  2012).(Palgrave Macmillan  2012). Nester  William R. ""President Chirac."" in Nester  De Gaulle’s Legacy (Palgrave Macmillan 2014) pp. 151–172.(Palgrave Macmillan 2014) pp. 151–172. Wilsford  David  ed. Political leaders of contemporary Western Europe: a biographical dictionary (Greenwood  1995) pp 63–70.Primary sourcesChirac  Jacques. My Life in Politics (2012).In French",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.21,0.12,0.67,True,English,"['Jacques Chirac', 'Abel François Marie Chirac', 'home Corrèze département', 'two-year suspended prison sentence', 'modern French political history', 'Prime Minister Georges Pompidou', 'high-level civil servant', 'various senior positions', 'lower tax rates', 'collaborationist French Government', 'low approval rating', 'Sainte-Féréole', 'rural south-western region', 'Lycée Carnot', 'Lycée Louis-le-Grand', 'Charles de Gaulle', 'Soviet-inspired Stockholm Appeal', 'top civil servants', 'French political circles', 'Jean-Marie Le Pen', 'French Communist Party', 'civil service career', 'reserve military officer', '2002 French presidential election', 'Early political career', 'responsible economic policies', 'Jacques René Chirac', 'French politician', '1995 presidential election', '1988 presidential election', 'early career', 'Early life', 'communist cell', 'communist leanings', 'presidential term', 'other uses', 'ZHAHK sheer-AHK', 'internal policies', 'price controls', 'strong punishment', 'business privatisation', 'second term', 'second round', 'Lionel Jospin', 'social rift', 'fracture sociale', 'state-directed investment', 'laissez-faire policies', 'United Kingdom', 'Margaret Thatcher', 'John Major', 'Anglo-Saxon ultraliberalism', 'American-led assault', 'far-right candidate', 'popular presidents', 'public funds', 'public confidence', 'Family background', '5th arrondissement', 'successful executive', 'aircraft company', 'Marie-Louise Valette', 'Roman Catholic', 'elder sister', 'Cours Hattemer', 'private school', 'baccalauréat', 'three months', 'rugby union', 'youth team', 'university level', 'second row', ""L'Humanité"", 'nuclear weapons', 'first visa', 'United States', 'Sciences Po', 'non-credit course', 'Harvard University', 'summer school', 'St. Louis', 'armoured cavalry', 'Algerian War', 'personal connections', 'personal staff', 'abrasive manner', 'National Assembly', 'surprising victory', 'Le Bulldozer', 'Paris court', 'disambiguation', 'SHEER-ak', 'ʒak', '29 November', '26 September', 'France', 'Mayor', 'nationale', 'administration', 'politics', 'Agriculture', 'Interior', 'removal', 'crime', 'terrorism', 'views', 'vote', 'Socialist', 'platform', 'dirigisme', 'opposition', 'ministries', 'stand', 'Iraq', 'recognition', 'role', 'Jews', 'reduction', '7 years', 'referendum', 'education', 'housewife', 'grandparents', 'teachers', 'sides', 'peasants', 'name', 'langue', 'troubadours', 'poetry', 'child', 'Jacqueline', 'infancy', 'birth', 'sailor', 'coal-transport', 'Brive', '1950s', 'period', 'copies', 'meetings', 'Anheuser-Busch', 'Missouri', 'Saumur', 'reservations', 'superiors', 'auditor', 'April', 'head', 'appointment', 'skill', 'things', 'reputation', 'suggestion', 'Gaullist', 'seat', 'deputy', 'stronghold', 'left', 'context', 'ə']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,encyclopedia.thefreedictionary.com
13867,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Check out this great 5 ⭐ review for the ClearStream 4MAX from Marc! Learn more: https://t.co/sgXZGUZhSe… https://t.co/Tk3Q69RWlI,nan,Check out this great 5 ⭐ review for the ClearStream 4MAX from Marc! Learn more: https://t.co/sgXZGUZhSe… https://t.co/Tk3Q69RWlI,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['great 5 ⭐ review', 'ClearStream 4MAX', 'Marc', 'great 5 ⭐ review', 'ClearStream 4MAX', 'Marc']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,Unknown
13868,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,#Clearstream and @DWS_Group migrate Xtracker I and II range of #ETFs to an international #issuance and settlement s… https://t.co/yuLDcEARsz,nan,#Clearstream and @DWS_Group migrate Xtracker I and II range of #ETFs to an international #issuance and settlement s… https://t.co/yuLDcEARsz,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['Xtracker I', 'II range', 'international #issuance', 'settlement s', 'yuLDcEARsz', 'Xtracker I', 'II range', 'international #issuance', 'settlement s', 'yuLDcEARsz']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,Unknown
13869,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@ML_Philosophy A clearstream antenna and 50 rca channel box will allow free TV while saving u (150 monthly cable av… https://t.co/5y1Z8b0Eav,nan,@ML_Philosophy A clearstream antenna and 50 rca channel box will allow free TV while saving u (150 monthly cable av… https://t.co/5y1Z8b0Eav,neutral,0.33,0.66,0.01,neutral,0.33,0.66,0.01,True,English,"['50 rca channel box', '150 monthly cable av', 'clearstream antenna', 'free TV', '50 rca channel box', '150 monthly cable av', 'clearstream antenna', 'free TV']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,Unknown
13870,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Antennas Direct ClearStream 2V TV Antenna  60+ Mile Range  UHF/VHF  Multi-directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast… https://t.co/BUANN1lq2i,nan,Antennas Direct ClearStream 2V TV Antenna  60+ Mile Range  UHF/VHF  Multi-directional  Indoor  Attic  Outdoor  Mast… https://t.co/BUANN1lq2i,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['ClearStream 2V TV Antenna', '60+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'UHF/VHF', 'Attic', 'Mast', 'BUANN1lq2i', 'ClearStream 2V TV Antenna', '60+ Mile Range', 'Antennas', 'UHF/VHF', 'Attic', 'Mast', 'BUANN1lq2i']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,Unknown
13871,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.globalbankingandfinance.com/eu-sets-out-plans-to-shift-derivatives-clearing-from-london-to-frankfurt/,EU sets out plans to shift derivatives clearing from London to Frankfurt,By Huw Jones LONDON (Reuters) -Banks and other market participants in the European Union will have to prove to regulators that they are not overly reliant on clearing houses in London for processing their derivatives transactions ,By Huw JonesLONDON (Reuters) -Banks and other market participants in the European Union will have to prove to regulators that they are not overly reliant on clearing houses in London for processing their derivatives transactions  an EU draft document seen by Reuters showed.The EU has long wanted to end heavy reliance on London-based clearing houses  such as London Stock Exchange Group’s LCH  for clearing euro-denominated interest rate swaps  particularly now Britain is no longer a member of the bloc.Brexit has meant that much of the UK financial sector has been cut off from the EU  but Brussels has allowed clearers in London to continue serving customers in the bloc until June 30  2025.The loss of clearing in contract worth trillions of euros would be a further knock to the City as it faces new competition from EU financial centres like Paris and Frankfurt  alongside longstanding rivals such as New York and Singapore.Global banks have warned Brussels they could clear contracts in the United States if the EU is too heavy-handed.The EU’s executive body  the European Commission  set out in a draft law proposed requirements for market participants to have an “active account” with a yet-to-be determined minimum level of activity at a clearing house in the EU.“It is appropriate to require financial counterparties and non-financial counterparties … to hold  directly or indirectly  accounts with a minimum level of activity” at clearing houses established in the EU  the draft said.Clearers are backed by a default fund to ensure that trades are completed even if one side of the transaction goes bust.The measures are aimed at safeguarding financial stability by ending “excessive exposures” to “a few” non-EU clearers  the draft added  with the minimum level of activity to be decided by the EU’s European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) and other regulators in the bloc.“In addition  ESMA should indicate suitable phase-in periods for the progressive implementation of that requirement ” the draft said.ESMA would hold a public consultation and publish a cost-benefit analysis. Market participants will have to report to regulators how much they use foreign clearers.‘PRAGMATIC’About 60% of EU customers of EU clearers already have an account for rate swaps  rising to 85% for credit default swaps  but many of the accounts are not regularly used  a step Deutsche Boerse’s Eurex Clearing in Frankfurt is seeking to remedy on a voluntary basis ahead of the EU law.The commission is due to publish the draft law on Dec. 7  with the European Parliament and EU states having the final say.The EU wants to increase “strategic autonomy” in its capital market to encourage companies to raise funds by issuing stocks on bonds  and ease reliance on bank loans.An industry official said the proposals were “pragmatic” and focused on building up internal clearing capacity by making it easier and faster to approve new products and risk models at EU clearers to keep abreast of market changes.Global banks have warned Brussels that heavy  mandatory action forcing them to shift euro derivatives clearing out of London would backfire on EU banks  who need access to global liquidity pools in London  and could send clearing activity to the United States.The proposals also tackle issues raised in commodity derivatives markets this year when energy prices rocketed after Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. It left energy firms unable to meet collateral calls on their derivatives contracts and forced governments to intervene.The draft law tentatively proposes requiring EU clearers of commodity derivatives to hold a standalone default fund for that particular asset.ESMA should also review rules for clearing commodity derivatives to see if better differentiation is needed between agriculture  energy and metals contracts  or based on other features such as environmental  social and governance criteria  environmentally sustainable investments or crypto related features”  the draft said.(Reporting by Huw JonesEditing by Gareth Jones  David Goodman and Andrew Heavens),neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.07,0.06,0.87,True,English,"['EU', 'plans', 'derivatives', 'London', 'Frankfurt', 'euro-denominated interest rate swaps', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'credit default swaps', 'heavy, mandatory action', 'crypto related features', 'UK financial sector', 'global liquidity pools', 'standalone default fund', 'internal clearing capacity', 'London-based clearing houses', 'EU financial centres', 'commodity derivatives markets', 'other market participants', 'EU draft document', 'other features', 'Markets Authority', 'financial counterparties', 'financial stability', 'capital market', 'market changes', 'derivatives transactions', 'euro derivatives', 'Eurex Clearing', 'Global banks', 'Huw Jones', 'European Union', 'heavy reliance', 'contract worth', 'new competition', 'longstanding rivals', 'New York', 'United States', 'executive body', 'minimum level', 'one side', 'excessive exposures', 'European Securities', 'suitable phase', 'progressive implementation', 'public consultation', 'cost-benefit analysis', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'voluntary basis', 'European Parliament', 'final say', 'strategic autonomy', 'bank loans', 'industry official', 'new products', 'risk models', 'collateral calls', 'particular asset', 'governance criteria', 'sustainable investments', 'Gareth Jones', 'David Goodman', 'Andrew Heavens', 'derivatives contracts', 'The EU', 'EU law', 'EU states', 'non-EU clearers', 'foreign clearers', 'other regulators', 'energy prices', 'energy firms', 'metals contracts', 'draft law', 'EU banks', 'European Commission', 'active account', 'clearing activity', 'EU customers', 'Reuters', 'LCH', 'Britain', 'member', 'bloc', 'Brexit', 'Brussels', 'June', 'loss', 'trillions', 'euros', 'knock', 'Paris', 'Frankfurt', 'Singapore', 'requirements', 'accounts', 'trades', 'measures', 'ESMA', 'addition', 'periods', 'PRAGMATIC', 'Dec.', 'companies', 'funds', 'stocks', 'bonds', 'proposals', 'access', 'issues', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'governments', 'rules', 'differentiation', 'agriculture', 'social']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,globalbankingandfinance.com
13872,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/encavis-ag-acquires-ready-build-060529131.html,ENCAVIS AG acquires a ready-to-build 55 MW solar park in Spain,Expansion/AcquisitionENCAVIS AG acquires a ready-to-build 55 MW solar park in Spain 29.11.2022 / 07:05 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Corporate News ENCAVIS acquires a ready-to-build 55 MW solar park in SpainHamburg ,"EQS-News: ENCAVIS AG / Key word(s): Expansion/AcquisitionENCAVIS AG acquires a ready-to-build 55 MW solar park in SpainThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Corporate NewsENCAVIS acquires a ready-to-build 55 MW solar park in SpainHamburg  29th November 2022 – The Hamburg-based wind and solar park operator Encavis AG  listed on the MDAX of Deutsche Börse AG (Prime Standard; ISIN: DE0006095003; stock exchange symbol: ECV)  acquired a 55 MW ready-to-build (RTB) solar park in Spain from Hive Energy (UK). The solar park development is located in Guillena (Andalucia)  a city close to Seville  and will – once built – provide enough electricity to power around 28 300 homes per year. The project has land and grid connection secured already and Encavis aims to commence building shortly. Hive’s Group company  Ethical Power  is in place to construct the park for Encavis. The project was developed by Hive and the company will remain involved in the project until completion. “With this acquisition we will not only add further production capacity to our European Renewable Energy portfolio in line with our ‘>> Fast Forward 2025’ goals  but also further strengthen our already significant business in Spain by teaming up with Hive Energy and its strong presence in the Spanish market”  explains Mario Schirru  Chief Investment Officer/Chief Operating Officer (CIO/COO) of Encavis AG. “The next step will be to acquire additional solar parks in Spain to sign an attractive joint Power Purchase Agreement (PPA)""  he adds. Giles Redpath  CEO of Hive Energy  also welcomes the cooperation: “This is the first deal Hive has completed with Encavis and we are extremely happy with the ease of the process and to be working with another likeminded company. The Spanish team is doing a fantastic job with developing and progressing their projects. This is our fourth project completion in the country this year alone and Spain is one of our leading countries for Renewable Energy development.” About ENCAVIS:Encavis AG (Prime Standard; ISIN: DE0006095003; ticker symbol: ECV) is a producer of electricity from Renewable Energies listed on the MDAX of Deutsche Börse AG. As one of the leading independent power producers (IPP)  ENCAVIS acquires and operates (onshore) wind farms and solar parks in twelve European countries. The plants for sustainable energy production generate stable yields through guaranteed feed-in tariffs (FIT) or long-term power purchase agreements (PPA). The Encavis Group's total generation capacity currently adds up to more than 3.4 gigawatts (GW)  which corresponds to a total saving of more than 1.4 million tonnes of CO 2 per year. Within the Encavis Group  Encavis Asset Management AG offers fund services to institutional investors.Encavis is a signatory of the UN Global Compact as well as of the UN PRI network. Encavis AG's environmental  social and governance performance has been awarded by two of the world's leading ESG rating agencies. MSCI ESG Ratings awarded the corporate ESG performance with an ""A"" level and ISS ESG with their ""Prime"" label. Additional information can be found on www.encavis.comAbout Hive Energy:Hive Energy  headquartered in the UK  was founded in 2010 by Giles Redpath to participate in the significant solar PV expansion across England. The company now operates from over 20 countries globally  including Brazil  Canada  Croatia  Greece  Italy  New Zealand  Serbia  South Africa  Spain  and the UK. The Hive Energy Group is recognised internationally as a trusted partner in the development  construction  and operation of large-scale Renewable Energy projects. Hive is known for its innovative approach and market leading vision across both Renewable Energy and circular economy industries. Hive has established some of the world’s leading solar projects  including the UK's largest solar park  an upcoming Green Hydrogen plant in Spain  and plans for the world's largest Green Ammonia plant. Hive Carbon has also established its patented technologies in Biochar Activated Carbon and Industrial Biomass Waste conversion. Hive is currently developing over 26 000 MW of Renewable Energy projects. To date  Hive’s projects have generated over GBP 1.5 billion capital expenditure in Green Energy projects  saving 1 982 248 tonnes of CO 2 each year. Additional information can be found on www.hiveenergy.co.uk Contact:ENCAVIS AGJörg PetersHead of Corporate Communications & IRTel.: + 49 40 37 85 62 242E-Mail: joerg.peters@encavis.comContact:Hive Energy LtdJodie AlesburyMarketing ManagerTel.: + 44 1794 32 51 96E-Mail: jodie.alesbury@hiveenergy.co.uk29.11.2022 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['55 MW solar park', 'ENCAVIS AG', 'Spain', 'attractive joint Power Purchase Agreement', 'long-term power purchase agreements', 'Industrial Biomass Waste conversion', 'GBP 1.5 billion capital expenditure', 'upcoming Green Hydrogen plant', 'largest Green Ammonia plant', 'leading independent power producers', 'Deutsche Börse AG', 'significant solar PV expansion', 'Jodie Alesbury Marketing Manager', 'leading ESG rating agencies', 'The EQS Distribution Services', 'European Renewable Energy portfolio', 'Encavis Asset Management AG', 'large-scale Renewable Energy projects', 'The Hive Energy Group', 'largest solar park', '> Fast Forward 2025’ goals', 'Chief Investment Officer', 'Chief Operating Officer', 'The Spanish team', 'UN Global Compact', 'UN PRI network', 'circular economy industries', 'Green Energy projects', 'MSCI ESG Ratings', 'market leading vision', 'leading solar projects', 'solar park operator', 'stock exchange symbol', 'twelve European countries', 'Biochar Activated Carbon', 'EQS Group AG', 'sustainable energy production', 'Renewable Energy development', 'The Encavis Group', 'solar park development', 'total generation capacity', 'Jörg Peters', 'additional solar parks', '55 MW solar park', 'Hive Energy Ltd', 'corporate ESG performance', 'fourth project completion', 'jodie.alesbury', 'Ethical Power', 'leading countries', 'production capacity', 'significant business', 'Spanish market', 'Renewable Energies', 'fund services', 'EQS News', 'ticker symbol', 'total saving', 'governance performance', 'ENCAVIS AG', 'Additional information', 'Group company', 'Corporate News', 'Corporate Communications', 'Hive Carbon', 'Hamburg-based wind', 'Prime Standard', 'grid connection', 'strong presence', 'Mario Schirru', 'next step', 'Giles Redpath', 'first deal', 'fantastic job', 'wind farms', 'stable yields', 'institutional investors', 'environmental, social', 'A"" level', 'Prime"" label', 'New Zealand', 'South Africa', 'trusted partner', 'innovative approach', 'CEST Dissemination', 'Regulatory Announcements', 'Press Releases', 'enough electricity', 'likeminded company', '1.4 million tonnes', '20 countries', '26,000 MW', '1,982,248 tonnes', 'EQS-News', 'Acquisition', 'Spain', 'issuer', 'content', '29th', 'MDAX', 'ISIN', 'ECV', 'UK', 'Guillena', 'Andalucia', 'Seville', '28,300 homes', 'year', 'building', 'place', 'line', 'CIO/COO', 'PPA', 'CEO', 'cooperation', 'process', 'country', 'IPP', 'plants', 'feed', 'tariffs', 'FIT', '3.4 gigawatts', 'GW', 'signatory', 'world', 'England', 'Brazil', 'Canada', 'Croatia', 'Greece', 'Italy', 'Serbia', 'construction', 'plans', 'technologies', 'date', 'Contact', 'Head', 'Tel.', 'joerg', 'Archive']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,uk.finance.yahoo.com
13873,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,We are very proud to announce today that Deutsche Börse Group is technically ready to launch a China-Germany stock… https://t.co/clDY2DGNRN,nan,We are very proud to announce today that Deutsche Börse Group is technically ready to launch a China-Germany stock… https://t.co/clDY2DGNRN,positive,0.59,0.4,0.01,positive,0.59,0.4,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Group', 'China-Germany stock', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'China-Germany stock']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,Unknown
13874,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/asm-updates-q4-guidance-164500096.html,ASM UPDATES Q4 GUIDANCE,Almere  The Netherlands November 28  2022  5:45 p.m. CET ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today provides an update on the expected impact of ...,ASM International NVAlmere  The NetherlandsNovember 28  2022  5:45 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) today provides an update on the expected impact of the recently announced US export restriction as well as an update on the guidance for Q4 2022.On October 25  2022  we reported that the export regulations that were issued by the US government on October 7  2022  had an expected negative impact on 40% or more of our sales to China  based on a conservative scenario (and with equipment sales in China accounting for 16% of our total revenue in the first nine months of 2022). Following extensive clarifications and subsequent internal reviews  we now expect that the recently announced US export restrictions will negatively impact our China sales between 15-25%.As a result of somewhat higher sales to China  combined with a slightly higher than expected conversion of backlog into shipments in other regions  we now project Q4 2022 sales of €630-660 million  up from €600-630 million previously expected.On October 25  we also announced that we had reduced our Q3 2022 backlog as a result of the export restrictions which were announced on October 7  2022. We now expect to rebook part of these tool orders in Q4 2022 and in early 2023  depending on the outcome of discussions with customers. In part driven by these rebookings  and also supported by continued healthy demand in the logic/foundry  and power/analog segments  and including LPE  we expect the book-to-bill in Q4 2022 to be a bit above 1.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.comStory continuesCautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements: All matters discussed in this press release  except for any historical data  are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These include  but are not limited to  economic conditions and trends in the semiconductor industry generally and the timing of the industry cycles specifically  currency fluctuations  corporate transactions  financing and liquidity matters  the success of restructurings  the timing of significant orders  market acceptance of new products  competitive factors  litigation involving intellectual property  shareholders or other issues  commercial and economic disruption due to natural disasters  terrorist activity  armed conflict or political instability  changes in import/export regulations  epidemics and other risks indicated in the Company's reports and financial statements. The Company assumes no obligation nor intends to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect future developments or circumstances.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.CONTACTInvestor and media contact:Victor BareñoT: +31 88 100 8500E: investor.relations@asm.com,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.13,0.7,True,English,"['ASM UPDATES', 'Q4 GUIDANCE', 'Victor Bareño T', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'first nine months', 'subsequent internal reviews', 'US export restriction', 'ASM International NV', 'export restrictions', 'market acceptance', 'US government', 'export regulations', 'symbol ASM', 'expected impact', 'negative impact', 'conservative scenario', 'total revenue', 'extensive clarifications', 'other regions', 'tool orders', 'healthy demand', 'power/analog segments', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'Cautionary Note', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'press release', 'historical data', 'actual results', 'economic conditions', 'semiconductor industry', 'industry cycles', 'currency fluctuations', 'corporate transactions', 'significant orders', 'new products', 'competitive factors', 'intellectual property', 'other issues', 'economic disruption', 'natural disasters', 'terrorist activity', 'armed conflict', 'political instability', 'financial statements', 'future developments', 'higher sales', 'The Netherlands', 'Q3 2022 backlog', 'liquidity matters', 'other risks', 'The Company', 'media contact', 'equipment sales', 'China sales', 'Q4 2022 sales', 'Almere', 'CET', 'update', 'guidance', 'October', 'conversion', 'shipments', 'part', 'early', 'outcome', 'discussions', 'customers', 'rebookings', 'logic/foundry', 'LPE', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'information', 'website', 'Story', 'uncertainties', 'trends', 'timing', 'financing', 'success', 'restructurings', 'litigation', 'shareholders', 'commercial', 'changes', 'epidemics', 'reports', 'obligation', 'circumstances', 'meaning', 'Investor', '5:45']",2022-11-28,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13875,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221128005804/en/Genomic-Vision%E2%80%99s-Cutting-Edge-TeloSizer%C2%AE-Application-to-be-Used-in-Cancer-Research,Genomic Vision’s Cutting-Edge TeloSizer® Application to be Used in Cancer Research,BAGNEUX  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Genomic Vision (Paris:GV) (FR0011799907 – GV  the “Company”)  a Euronext-listed biotechnology company that develops tools and services for the highly accurate characterization of DNA sequences  is pleased to …,BAGNEUX  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Genomic Vision (Paris:GV) (FR0011799907 – GV  the “Company”)  a Euronext-listed biotechnology company that develops tools and services for the highly accurate characterization of DNA sequences  is pleased to announce a collaboration with the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS)  the French state research organization  to launch a four-year core scientific program with the Cancer Research Center of Marseille (CRCM) for the development of companion diagnostic tests using Genomic Vision’s TeloSizer® application.Telomeres are repetitive nucleotide sequences that form the ends of linear chromosomes. TeloSizer® allows for high precision measurement of telomere length and distribution to uncover links between telomere length and the onset and severity of diseases such as cancer and age-associated diseases.Learn more about TeloSizer® by visualizing the video: https://info.genomicvision.com/TeloSizer“Genomic Vision continues to apply its innovative technologies for the benefit of patients and this collaboration with CNRS is an important milestone. We are pioneering the use of telomere length as a disease biomarker and this will contribute to cancer research.” said Thierry Huet  Ph.D.  Research and Development Director of Genomic Vision. “Telomere instability is a well-known hallmark of cancer. With TeloSizer®  we can accurately visualize and measure telomeres length.”Christophe Lachaud  Group Leader at CRCM  commented: “We are very excited to utilize Genomic Vision’s TeloSizer® application to develop highly accurate companion tests that will benefit patients. TeloSizer® offers greater accuracy and more information compared to other telomere measurement methods.”Vincent Geli  Deputy Director of CRCM expert in telomeres added: “TeloSizer® will provide new information on individual telomere length and their distribution.”New tests will be developed as part of a four-year core scientific program collaboration set up between Genomic Vision and the CRCM and will utilize Genomic Vision’s DNA combing technology and TeloSizer® application. The program will employ scientific teams across the institute and will examine telomere length heterogeneity across different samples to uncover novel leukemia-specific telomere characteristics. Actionable insights from the project will be used for the development of personalize medicine approaches based on telomere morphology.This project is part of the CRCM/IPC project supported by the OPALE Carnot Institute  a preferred partner to the healthcare Industry for research and development of innovative solutions aimed at diagnostic  treatment and follow-up of patients with leukemia  the blood cancer with the highest mortality rate  but also the leading cancer in children.About Genomic VisionGENOMIC VISION is a biotechnology company developing products and services dedicated to the analysis (structural and functional) of genome modifications as well as to the quality and safety control of these modifications  in particular in genome editing technologies and biomanufacturing processes. Genomic Vision proprietary tools  based on DNA combing technology and artificial intelligence  provide robust quantitative measurements needed for high confidence characterization of DNA alteration in the genome. These tools are also used for monitoring DNA replication in cancerous cell  for early cancer detection and the diagnosis of genetic diseases. Genomic Vision  based near Paris in Bagneux  is a public listed company listed in compartment C of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Euronext: GV – ISIN: FR0011799907).For further information  please visit www.genomicvision.com.About CRCMThe CRCM is affiliated with Inserm (UMR1068)  the CNRS (UMR7258)  the Aix-Marseille University (UM105) and the Institut Paoli-Calmettes (IPC). As a pioneer in the fight against cancer  the Marseille Cancer Research Center has been making every effort for 50 years to obtain a better understanding of the major biological mechanisms that are responsible for the disease and to translate them into medical innovations. By maintaining its efforts to characterize dysfunctions of the cancerous cell and immune system  the CRCM works alongside the IPC in a sustainable approach to improving patient care and quality of life  through the identification of new treatments.For further information  please visit https://www.crcm-marseille.fr/en/the-crcm-celebrates-its-50th-anniversary/.Member of the CAC® Mid & Small and CAC® All-Tradable indicesFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTThis press release contains implicitly or explicitly certain forward-looking statements concerning Genomic Vision and its business. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Genomic Vision considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that such forward-looking statements will be verified  which statements are subject to numerous risks  including the risks set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the universal registration document filed with the AMF on April 14  2022 under reference number R.22-0293  as updated by the amendment filed with the AMF on May 20  2022  under number D.22-0293-A01  available on the web site of Genomic Vision (www.genomicvision.com) and to the development of economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Genomic Vision operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Genomic Vision or not currently considered material by Genomic Vision. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause actual results  financial conditions  performance or achievements of Genomic Vision to be materially different from such forward-looking statements.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute and should not be construed as an offer or an invitation to sell or subscribe  or the solicitation of any order or invitation to purchase or subscribe for Genomic Vision shares in any country. The distribution of this press release in certain countries may be a breach of applicable laws. The persons in possession of this press release must inquire about any local restrictions and comply with these restrictions.,neutral,0.0,0.89,0.1,mixed,0.31,0.13,0.57,True,English,"['Cutting-Edge TeloSizer® Application', 'Genomic Vision', 'Cancer Research', 'Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique', 'four-year core scientific program collaboration', 'novel leukemia-specific telomere characteristics', 'French state research organization', 'other telomere measurement methods', 'Marseille Cancer Research Center', 'Genomic Vision proprietary tools', 'high precision measurement', 'highest mortality rate', 'robust quantitative measurements', 'major biological mechanisms', 'FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENT', 'Risk Factors” section', 'universal registration document', 'repetitive nucleotide sequences', 'high confidence characterization', 'CAC® All-Tradable indices', 'DNA combing technology', 'public listed company', 'accurate companion tests', 'early cancer detection', 'individual telomere length', 'telomere length heterogeneity', 'OPALE Carnot Institute', 'listed biotechnology company', 'companion diagnostic tests', 'genome editing technologies', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'scientific teams', 'accurate characterization', 'DNA sequences', 'Telomere instability', 'New tests', 'telomere morphology', 'innovative technologies', 'CAC® Mid', 'DNA alteration', 'DNA replication', 'blood cancer', 'leading cancer', 'Regulatory News', 'linear chromosomes', 'important milestone', 'Thierry Huet', 'Ph.D.', 'Christophe Lachaud', 'Group Leader', 'greater accuracy', 'Vincent Geli', 'Deputy Director', 'different samples', 'Actionable insights', 'medicine approaches', 'preferred partner', 'healthcare Industry', 'innovative solutions', 'safety control', 'biomanufacturing processes', 'artificial intelligence', 'cancerous cell', 'compartment C', 'Aix-Marseille University', 'Institut Paoli-Calmettes', 'medical innovations', 'immune system', 'sustainable approach', 'patient care', 'new treatments', 'press release', 'age-associated diseases', 'telomeres length', 'genetic diseases', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'disease biomarker', 'genome modifications', 'numerous risks', 'TeloSizer® application', 'CRCM/IPC project', 'CRCM expert', 'The CRCM', 'Development Director', 'new information', 'BAGNEUX', 'France', 'Paris', 'GV', 'Euronext', 'services', 'CNRS', 'ends', 'distribution', 'links', 'onset', 'severity', 'video', 'genomicvision', 'benefit', 'patients', 'use', 'hallmark', 'highly', 'follow-up', 'children', 'products', 'analysis', 'structural', 'functional', 'quality', 'diagnosis', 'market', 'ISIN', 'Inserm', 'pioneer', 'fight', 'effort', '50 years', 'understanding', 'dysfunctions', 'life', 'identification', 'crcm-marseille', '50th-anniversary', 'Member', 'Small', 'assumptions', 'assurance', 'AMF', 'April']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,businesswire.com
13876,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221128005507/en/Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes-and-Samsung-Heavy-Industries-Cooperate-to-Establish-a-Smart-Digital-Shipyard,Dassault Systèmes and Samsung Heavy Industries Cooperate to Establish a Smart Digital Shipyard,VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- #3DEXPERIENCE--Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) (Paris:DSY) today announced the signature of a Memorandum of Understanding with Samsung Heavy Industries  a global leader in the high-tech s…,VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) (Paris:DSY) today announced the signature of a Memorandum of Understanding with Samsung Heavy Industries  a global leader in the high-tech shipbuilding sector  to create a “smart yard” based on new digital transformation technology with the aim to establish a fully digital shipyard and a competitive edge.The smart yard is designed to optimize the shipyard operations’ scheduling and execution as well as streamline and automate the flow of information required for construction  to accelerate production and assembly operations. Samsung Heavy Industries can better meet the booming demand for liquefied natural gas carriers by improving its capacity to produce them and shortening their delivery time.By introducing model-based systems engineering  Samsung Heavy Industries can design more sophisticated and sustainable vessels requiring more automation  new systems and propulsions  and higher safety and control. MBSE  which is already a standard product development method in the transportation and mobility  aerospace  and high-tech industries  will enable Samsung Heavy Industries to strengthen its competitiveness in the ship development process and accelerate this process thanks to full traceability from concept to production.“Automation systems are proven to greatly affect business efficiency across all industries. A smart yard in the shipbuilding industry will also help reduce construction costs and improve the quality of ships ” said Jung Nam Lee  DT Director  Samsung Heavy Industries. “We plan to accelerate innovation in shipbuilding.”The cooperation with the Smart SHI team of Samsung Heavy Industries will allow Dassault Systèmes to organize a consultative group for digital transformation to define and validate new processes and tools required to achieve the smart yard. This will involve Dassault Systèmes’ core technologies and experts from its local office and global headquarters.Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform-based smart yard will support a unique digital thread integrating various data sources and real-time operations information. Connecting the virtual twins of ships and the virtual twin of the shipyard  automating and standardizing business processes with artificial intelligence  and optimizing planning and operations within the shipyard and with the supply chain will enable smart innovations for both production methods and production execution.“It is essential for Korea’s shipbuilding to accelerate its transformation with new and advanced technologies that allow it to keep its leadership in productivity and quality for complex vessels  and we are proud to support SHI in this journey ” said François-Xavier Dumez  Vice President  Marine & Offshore Industry  Dassault Systèmes. “Through our cooperation with Samsung Heavy Industries  we’re given an opportunity to introduce and implement our outstanding marine industry solution experiences  and achieve a new paradigm in the shipbuilding industry in Korea.”###FOR MORE INFORMATIONDassault Systèmes’ industry solution experiences for the Marine & Offshore industry: https://ifwe.3ds.com/marine-offshoreDassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  3D design software  3D Digital Mock Up and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions: http://www.3ds.comSHARE THIS ON TWITTERPartners @Dassault3DS and @SamsungSHI cooperate to establish a smart digital shipyard #3DEXPERIENCEConnect with Dassault Systèmes onTwitter | Facebook | LinkedIn | YoutubeABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes  the 3DEXPERIENCE Company  is a catalyst for human progress. We provide business and people with collaborative 3D virtual environments to imagine sustainable innovations. By creating virtual twin experiences of the real world with our 3DEXPERIENCE platform and applications  our customers push the boundaries of innovation  learning and production to achieve a more sustainable world for patients  citizens  and consumers. Dassault Systèmes brings value to more than 300 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  in more than 140 countries. For more information  visit www.3ds.com© Dassault Systèmes. All rights reserved. 3DEXPERIENCE  the Compass icon  the 3DS logo  CATIA  BIOVIA  GEOVIA  SOLIDWORKS  3DVIA  ENOVIA  NETVIBES  MEDIDATA  CENTRIC PLM  3DEXCITE  SIMULIA  DELMIA  and IFWE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes  a French “société européenne” (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440)  or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['Dassault Systèmes', 'Samsung Heavy Industries', 'Smart Digital Shipyard', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform-based smart yard', 'French “société européenne', 'Dassault Systèmes’ industry solution experiences', 'outstanding marine industry solution experiences', 'Dassault Systèmes’ core technologies', 'liquefied natural gas carriers', 'standard product development method', '3D Digital Mock Up', 'collaborative 3D virtual environments', 'new digital transformation technology', 'virtual twin experiences', '3D design software', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'Jung Nam Lee', 'unique digital thread', 'various data sources', 'François-Xavier Dumez', 'Samsung Heavy Industries', 'ship development process', 'Versailles Commercial Register', 'model-based systems engineering', 'Smart SHI team', 'smart digital shipyard', 'high-tech shipbuilding sector', 'shipyard operations’ scheduling', 'real-time operations information', 'advanced technologies', 'high-tech industries', 'shipbuilding industry', 'smart innovations', 'Offshore Industry', '3DEXPERIENCE Company', 'virtual twins', 'new systems', 'commercial trademarks', 'assembly operations', 'new processes', 'new paradigm', 'global leader', 'competitive edge', 'booming demand', 'delivery time', 'sustainable vessels', 'higher safety', 'full traceability', 'DT Director', 'consultative group', 'local office', 'global headquarters', 'artificial intelligence', 'supply chain', 'complex vessels', 'Vice President', 'PLM) solutions', 'human progress', 'sustainable innovations', 'real world', 'sustainable world', 'Compass icon', '3DS logo', 'CENTRIC PLM', 'registered trademarks', 'United States', 'Automation systems', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business efficiency', 'business processes', 'Euronext Paris', 'construction costs', 'other countries', 'production methods', 'production execution', '140 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'France', 'DSY', 'signature', 'Memorandum', 'Understanding', 'aim', 'flow', 'capacity', 'sophisticated', 'propulsions', 'control', 'MBSE', 'transportation', 'mobility', 'aerospace', 'competitiveness', 'concept', 'quality', 'ships', 'cooperation', 'tools', 'experts', 'planning', 'Korea', 'leadership', 'productivity', 'journey', 'opportunity', 'MORE', 'TWITTER', 'Partners', 'Dassault3DS', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Youtube', 'catalyst', 'people', 'applications', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'learning', 'patients', 'citizens', 'consumers', 'value', 'sizes', 'rights', 'CATIA', 'BIOVIA', 'GEOVIA', 'SOLIDWORKS', '3DVIA', 'ENOVIA', 'NETVIBES', 'MEDIDATA', '3DEXCITE', 'SIMULIA', 'DELMIA', 'IFWE', 'subsidiaries', '©']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,businesswire.com
13877,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221129005847/en/MaaT-Pharma-To-Webcast-Investor-Meeting-in-Conjunction-with-ASH-2022-Conference,MaaT Pharma To Webcast Investor Meeting in Conjunction with ASH 2022 Conference,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)---- $MAAT--MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer…,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT – the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM (MET) dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  today announced that it will host an investor webcast on Monday  December 12th  2022 at 12:00 pm EST / 6:00 pm CET to comment on clinical data scheduled to be presented at the 64th American Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting and provide a corporate update for shareholders and the broader financial community.The webcast will feature clinical data presented in an oral format on December 10th at the conference with the Company’s lead candidate MaaT013 as salvage therapy in 81 patients with treatment-resistant gastrointestinal acute Graft-vs-host-Disease (GI aGvHD) enrolled in an Early Access Program (EAP) in France and a poster presentation detailing results from the Phase 1b clinical trial evaluating MaaT033 in patients with acute myeloid leukemia.Webcast details:Date/Time: Monday  December 12  2022; 6:00 pm CET (expected to be approximately one hour in duration).Registration: To register for the live webcast  please click here.Speakers:- Hervé Affagard  CEO & co-founder of MaaT Pharma- Prof. Mohamad Mohty  Professor and head of the Hematology and Cellular Therapy Department at the Saint-Antoine Hospital (AP-HP) and Sorbonne University - Prof. Florent Malard  Professor of Hematology  Saint Antoine Hospital (AP-HP) and Associate Professor  Sorbonne University- Dr. Emilie Plantamura  Head of clinical development at MaaT PharmaThe webcast will be held in English  with French subtitles. A live Q&A session will be available in French and English.Replay: A replay will be made available on the Company’s website for at least 90 days.About MaaT013MaaT013 is a standardized  high-richness  high-diversity Microbiome Ecosystem TherapyTM containing ButycoreTM (group of bacterial genera known to produce immuno-regulatory metabolites). It aims to restore the symbiotic relationship between the patient’s functional gut microbiome and their immune system to correct the responsiveness and tolerance of immune functions and reduce steroid-resistant  gastrointestinal-predominant aGvHD. MaaT013 has been granted Orphan Drug Designation by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Medicines Agency (EMA). MaaT013 is an off-the-shelf  healthy-multi-donors-derived product intended for acute  hospital use.About MaaT033MaaT033 is a standardized  high richness  oral Microbiome Ecosystem TherapyTM. It aims to restore the gut ecosystem to full functionality to improve clinical outcomes as well as to control adverse events related to conventional treatments for liquid tumors. The capsule formulation facilitates administration and allows the potential to treat larger patients’ populations while maintaining the high and consistent richness and diversity of microbial species  including anti-inflammatory ButycoreTM species. MaaT033 is an off-the-shelf  healthy-multi donors-derived oral product intended for ambulatory setting.About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and graft-versus-host disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has launched  in March 2022 in Europe  a Phase 3 clinical trial for patients with acute GvHD  following the achievement of its proof of concept in a Phase 2 trial. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions. The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice. MaaT Pharma is the first company developing microbiome-based therapies listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT).Forward-looking StatementsAll statements other than statements of historical fact included in this press release about future events are subject to (i) change without notice and (ii) factors beyond the Company’s control. These statements may include  without limitation  any statements preceded by  followed by or including words such as “target ” “believe ” “expect ” “aim ” “intend ” “may ” “anticipate ” “estimate ” “plan ” “project ” “will ” “can have ” “likely ” “should ” “would ” “could” and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof. Forward-looking statements are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties beyond the Company’s control that could cause the Company’s actual results or performance to be materially different from the expected results or performance expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.22,0.49,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', 'Investor Meeting', 'ASH 2022 Conference', 'Conjunction', 'allogeneic stem cell transplantation', 'treatment-resistant gastrointestinal acute Graft-vs-host-Disease', 'live Q&A session', 'high-diversity Microbiome Ecosystem TherapyTM', 'healthy-multi donors-derived oral product', 'oral Microbiome Ecosystem TherapyTM', 'Phase 1b clinical trial', 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'Microbiome Ecosystem TherapiesTM', '64th American Society', 'ASH) Annual Meeting', 'broader financial community', 'Early Access Program', 'acute myeloid leukemia', 'Prof. Mohamad Mohty', 'Prof. Florent Malard', 'Dr. Emilie Plantamura', 'European Medicines Agency', 'standardized cGMP manufacturing', 'Saint Antoine Hospital', 'Phase 3 clinical trial', 'Cellular Therapy Department', 'steroid-resistant, gastrointestinal-predominant aGvHD.', 'novel disease targets', 'functional gut microbiome', 'Orphan Drug Designation', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'quality control process', 'acute, hospital use', 'standardized, high richness', 'anti-inflammatory ButycoreTM species', 'larger patients’ populations', 'Phase 2 trial', 'gut ecosystem', 'microbiome therapies', 'oral format', 'healthy-multi-donors-derived product', 'oral formulations', 'Saint-Antoine Hospital', 'clinical data', 'clinical outcomes', 'clinical practice', 'live webcast', 'salvage therapy', 'GI aGvHD', 'consistent richness', 'microbial species', 'host disease', 'acute GvHD', 'drug candidates', 'microbiome-based therapies', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'survival outcomes', 'corporate update', 'lead candidate', 'poster presentation', 'one hour', 'Hervé Affagard', 'Sorbonne University', 'French subtitles', 'bacterial genera', 'immuno-regulatory metabolites', 'symbiotic relationship', 'immune system', 'immune functions', 'US Food', 'full functionality', 'adverse events', 'conventional treatments', 'ambulatory setting', 'complete approach', 'patient-microbiome symbiosis', 'serious complication', 'powerful discovery', 'analysis platform', 'microbiome-related conditions', 'world-leading scientists', 'historical fact', 'press release', 'future events', 'similar meaning', 'inherent risks', 'clinical development', 'Drug Administration', 'MaaT Pharma', 'investor webcast', 'Webcast details', 'liquid tumors', 'full diversity', 'Euronext Paris', 'other words', 'actual results', 'first company', 'Associate Professor', 'Forward-looking Statements', '81 patients', 'LYON', 'pioneer', 'cancer', 'Monday', 'December', 'Hematology', 'shareholders', 'conference', 'MaaT013', 'EAP', 'France', 'MaaT033', 'Date/Time', 'duration', 'Registration', 'Speakers', 'CEO', 'founder', 'head', 'AP-HP', 'English', 'Replay', 'website', '90 days', 'group', 'responsiveness', 'tolerance', 'FDA', 'shelf', 'capsule', 'potential', 'oncology', 'March', 'achievement', 'proof', 'concept', 'gutPrint', 'expansion', 'pipeline', 'biomarkers', 'commitment', 'relationships', 'regulators', 'integration', 'change', 'notice', 'factors', 'limitation', 'believe', 'aim', 'project', 'terms', 'uncertainties', 'performance', '12:00', '6:00']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,businesswire.com
13878,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221129005599/en/Cleverbase-Selects-Verimatrix-Code-Shield-for-Strong-Cybersecurity,Cleverbase Selects Verimatrix Code Shield for Strong Cybersecurity,AIX-EN-PROVENCE  France & SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX) (Paris:VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced that Netherlands-based Cleverbase turned to …,"AIX-EN-PROVENCE  France & SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX) (Paris:VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced that Netherlands-based Cleverbase turned to Verimatrix Code Shield to protect its Vidua mobile app for Android and iOS.Aiming to make all paper communication  pen signatures and physical identification no longer needed  Cleverbase’s Vidua app is designed to store information easily and securely for Netherlands-based businesses. Organizations throughout the country choose to partner with Vidua to enable their customers to interact fully digitally  saving time and effort while doing so with peace of mind that the app they’re using consistently protects their sensitive data.“The very nature of our business at Cleverbase demands the foremost security technologies that protect against threats such as reverse engineering and tampering ” said Sander Dijkhuis  Chief Technology Officer at Cleverbase. “Verimatrix’s Code Shield  following significant evaluation  became the clear answer to our code protection needs for the Vidua app. Our commitment to offering user-friendly  future-proof services for our customers pairs well with Verimatrix’s obvious dedication to security innovation and efficiency.”""The most guarded organizations in the world are being infiltrated via mobile devices "" said Juha Högmander  vice president  cybersecurity business at Verimatrix. “We’ve seen hackers target consumers at the device-level  via unshielded apps  and they do it because they know today's smartphones are entry vectors to an abundance of enterprise data and customer information that can be exploited on the dark web. We are proud to have a Qualified Trust Service Provider like Cleverbase as a new customer.""To learn more about how Verimatrix helps Qualified Trust Service Providers around the world defend against mobile threats  please visit: www.verimatrix.com.About Vidua - Powered by CleverbaseVidua believes in a reliable digital society in which everyone and all organizations can participate and where people have control over their own data. We work on the highest level of trust in every customer journey. Now and in the future we are working on a better  safer digital society. Cleverbase is the Qualified Trust Service Provider behind Vidua. According to the strictest requirements of the Dutch government  Cleverbase issues the certificates that belong to your qualified signature (PKIoverheid certificates). That is why Cleverbase is on your certificate. Visit www.cleverbase.com.About VerimatrixVerimatrix (Euronext Paris: VMX) helps power the modern connected world with security made for people. We protect digital content  applications  and devices with intuitive  people-centered and frictionless security. Leading brands turn to Verimatrix to secure everything from premium movies and live streaming sports  to sensitive financial and healthcare data  to mission-critical mobile applications. We enable the trusted connections our customers depend on to deliver compelling content and experiences to millions of consumers around the world. Verimatrix helps partners get to market faster  scale easily  protect valuable revenue streams  and win new business. Visit www.verimatrix.com.",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.65,0.11,0.24,True,English,"['Verimatrix Code Shield', 'Strong Cybersecurity', 'Cleverbase', 'Qualified Trust Service Provider', 'Chief Technology Officer', 'user-friendly, future-proof services', 'Juha Högmander', 'live streaming sports', 'valuable revenue streams', 'code protection needs', 'reliable digital society', 'safer digital society', 'foremost security technologies', 'mission-critical mobile applications', 'modern connected world', 'Verimatrix Code Shield', 'Vidua mobile app', 'qualified signature', 'digital content', 'SAN DIEGO', 'Regulatory News', 'people-centered security', 'paper communication', 'pen signatures', 'physical identification', 'Netherlands-based businesses', 'reverse engineering', 'Sander Dijkhuis', 'significant evaluation', 'clear answer', 'obvious dedication', 'security innovation', 'mobile devices', 'vice president', 'unshielded apps', 'entry vectors', 'dark web', 'new customer', 'mobile threats', 'highest level', 'customer journey', 'strictest requirements', 'Dutch government', 'intuitive, people-centered', 'frictionless security', 'Leading brands', 'premium movies', 'sensitive financial', 'trusted connections', 'compelling content', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'sensitive data', 'cybersecurity business', 'enterprise data', 'healthcare data', 'new business', 'Euronext Paris', 'Vidua app', 'customer information', 'PKIoverheid certificates', 'Netherlands-based Cleverbase', 'AIX-EN-PROVENCE', 'France', 'VMX', 'leader', 'Android', 'iOS', 'Organizations', 'country', 'customers', 'time', 'effort', 'peace', 'mind', 'tampering', 'commitment', 'efficiency', 'hackers', 'consumers', 'device-level', 'today', 'smartphones', 'abundance', 'everyone', 'control', 'everything', 'experiences', 'millions', 'partners']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,businesswire.com
13879,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/solutions-30-refinances-extends-100-170000518.html,Solutions 30 refinances and extends its €100-million syndicated loan,Solutions 30 today closed on a new €100-million syndicated loan with seven banks. Commenting on the announcement  the Group’s Chief Financial Officer Amaury ...,SOLUTIONS 30Solutions 30 today closed on a new €100-million syndicated loan with seven banks.Commenting on the announcement  the Group’s Chief Financial Officer Amaury Boilot said: “Our ability to secure this financing proves how strongly our main partner banks believe in our Group’s strategy and business model. This loan will help us to expand our activities  strengthen our competitive advantages  and preserve our ability to consolidate the market in the coming years.”This syndicated loan will help finance the strong growth expected for the Group’s activities outside France  where more than €800 million in contracts have been signed since the beginning of the year. It will also allow the Group to pursue its external growth strategy when macroeconomic conditions improve.Upcoming event2022 Q4 Revenue and 2022 Annual Revenue Reports | January 26  2023About Solutions 30 SEThe Solutions 30 group is the European leader in solutions for new technologies. Its mission is to make the technological developments that are transforming our daily lives accessible to everyone  individuals and businesses alike. Yesterday  it was computers and the Internet. Today  it’s digital technology. Tomorrow  it will be technologies that make the world even more interconnected in real time. With more than 50 million call-outs carried out since it was founded and a network of more than 15 000 local technicians  Solutions 30 currently covers all of France  Italy  Germany  the Netherlands  Belgium  Luxembourg  the Iberian Peninsula  the United Kingdom  and Poland. The share capital of Solutions 30 SE consists of 107 127 984 shares  equal to the number of theoretical votes that can be exercised.Solutions 30 SE is listed on the Euronext Paris exchange (ISIN FR0013379484- code S30). Indexes: MSCI Europe ex-UK Small Cap | SBF 120 | CAC Mid 60 | NEXT 150 | CAC Technology | CAC PME.Visit our website for more information: www.solutions30.comStory continuesContactIndividual Shareholders:Investor Relations - Tel: +33 1 86 86 00 63 - shareholders@solutions30.comAnalysts/Investors:Nathalie Boumendil - Tel: +33 6 85 82 41 95 - nathalie.boumendil@solutions30.comPress - Image 7:Charlotte Le Barbier - Tel: +33 6 78 37 27 60 - clebarbier@image7.frLeslie Jung - Tel: +33 6 78 70 05 55 - ljung@image7.frAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.74,0.26,0.0,True,English,"['€100-million syndicated loan', 'Solutions', 'new €100-million syndicated loan', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Euronext Paris exchange', 'UK Small Cap', 'Charlotte Le Barbier', 'main partner banks', '2022 Annual Revenue Reports', 'external growth strategy', 'The Solutions 30 group', 'seven banks', 'strong growth', '2022 Q4 Revenue', 'new technologies', 'Amaury Boilot', 'business model', 'competitive advantages', 'coming years', 'macroeconomic conditions', 'Upcoming event', 'European leader', 'technological developments', 'daily lives', 'digital technology', 'real time', '50 million call-outs', '15,000 local technicians', 'Iberian Peninsula', 'United Kingdom', 'share capital', 'theoretical votes', '4- code', 'MSCI Europe', 'CAC Mid', 'CAC Technology', 'CAC PME', 'Investor Relations', 'Leslie Jung', 'Solutions 30 SE', 'Individual Shareholders', 'Nathalie Boumendil', 'announcement', 'ability', 'financing', 'activities', 'market', 'France', 'contracts', 'beginning', 'January', 'mission', 'everyone', 'individuals', 'businesses', 'computers', 'Internet', 'world', 'network', 'Italy', 'Germany', 'Netherlands', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'Poland', '107,127,984 shares', 'number', 'Indexes', 'SBF', 'website', 'information', 'solutions30', 'Story', 'Contact', 'Tel', 'Investors', 'Press', 'Image', 'Attachment', '33']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13880,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/genomic-vision-cutting-edge-telosizer-070700649.html,Genomic Vision’s cutting-edge TeloSizer® application to be used in cancer research,GENOMICS | GENETICS | R&D | DIAGNOSIS TESTS Genomic Vision’s cutting-edge TeloSizer® application to be used in cancer research Genomic Vision and CNRS launch...,Genomic VisionGENOMICS | GENETICS | R&D | DIAGNOSIS TESTSGenomic Vision’s cutting-edge TeloSizer® application to be used in cancer researchGenomic Vision and CNRS launch a core oncology program with the Cancer Research Center of Marseille to develop companion tests based on TeloSizer®Bagneux (France) – Genomic Vision (FR0011799907 – GV  the “Company”)  a Euronext-listed biotechnology company that develops tools and services for the highly accurate characterization of DNA sequences  is pleased to announce a collaboration with the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS)  the French state research organization  to launch a four-year core scientific program with the Cancer Research Center of Marseille (CRCM) for the development of companion diagnostic tests using Genomic Vision’s TeloSizer® application.Telomeres are repetitive nucleotide sequences that form the ends of linear chromosomes. TeloSizer® allows for high precision measurement of telomere length and distribution to uncover links between telomere length and the onset and severity of diseases such as cancer and age-associated diseases.Learn more about TeloSizer® by visualizing the video https://info.genomicvision.com/TeloSizer.“Genomic Vision continues to apply its innovative technologies for the benefit of patients and this collaboration with CNRS is an important milestone. We are pioneering the use of telomere length as a disease biomarker and this will contribute to cancer research.” said Thierry Huet  Ph.D.  Research and Development Director of Genomic Vision. “Telomere instability is a well-known hallmark of cancer. With TeloSizer  we can accurately visualize and measure telomeres length”.Christophe Lachaud  Group Leader at CRCM  commented: “We are very excited to utilize Genomic Vision’s TeloSizer application to develop highly accurate companion tests that will benefit patients. TeloSizer offers greater accuracy and more information compared to other telomere measurement methods.” Vincent Geli  Deputy Director of CRCM expert in telomeres added  “TeloSizer will provide new information on individual telomere length and their distribution ”.Story continuesNew tests will be developed as part of a four-year core scientific program collaboration set up between Genomic Vision and the CRCM and will utilize Genomic Vision’s DNA combing technology and TeloSizer application. The program will employ scientific teams across the institute and will examine telomere length heterogeneity across different samples to uncover novel leukemia-specific telomere characteristics. Actionable insights from the project will be used for the development of personalize medicine approaches based on telomere morphology. This project is part of the CRCM/IPC project supported by the OPALE Carnot Institute  a preferred partner to the healthcare Industry for research and development of innovative solutions aimed at diagnostic  treatment and follow-up of patients with leukemia  the blood cancer with the highest mortality rate  but also the leading cancer in children.About Genomic VisionGENOMIC VISION is a biotechnology company developing products and services dedicated to the analysis (structural and functional) of genome modifications as well as to the quality and safety control of these modifications  in particular in genome editing technologies and biomanufacturing processes. Genomic Vision proprietary tools  based on DNA combing technology and artificial intelligence  provide robust quantitative measurements needed for high confidence characterization of DNA alteration in the genome. These tools are also used for monitoring DNA replication in cancerous cell  for early cancer detection and the diagnosis of genetic diseases. Genomic Vision  based near Paris in Bagneux  is a public listed company listed in compartment C of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Euronext: GV – ISIN: FR0011799907).For further information  please visit www.genomicvision.com.About CRCMThe CRCM is affiliated with Inserm (UMR1068)  the CNRS (UMR7258)  the Aix-Marseille University (UM105) and the Institut Paoli-Calmettes (IPC). As a pioneer in the fight against cancer  the Marseille Cancer Research Center has been making every efforts for 50 years to obtain a better understanding of the major biological mechanisms that are responsible for the disease and to translate them into medical innovations. By maintaining its efforts to characterize dysfunctions of the cancerous cell and immune system  the CRCM works alongside the IPC in a sustainable approach to improving patient care and quality of life  through the identification of new treatments.For further information  please visit https://www.crcm-marseille.fr/en/the-crcm-celebrates-its-50th-anniversary/Genomic VisionAaron BensimonCEOPhone: +33 1 49 08 07 51Email: investisseurs@genomicvision.comConsilium Strategic CommunicationsInternational Investor Relations& Strategic CommunicationsTel: +44 (0) 20 3709 5700GenomicVision@consilium-comms.comUlysse CommunicationMedia RelationsBruno ArabianTél. : +33 1 42 68 29 70barabian@ulysse-communication.comNewCapInvestor relationsPhone: +33 1 44 71 94 94Email: gv@newcap.euMember of the CAC® Mid & Small and CAC® All-Tradable indicesFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTThis press release contains implicitly or explicitly certain forward-looking statements concerning Genomic Vision and its business. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Genomic Vision considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that such forward-looking statements will be verified  which statements are subject to numerous risks  including the risks set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the universal registration document filed with the AMF on April 14  2022 under reference number R.22-0293  as updated by the amendment filed with the AMF on May 20  2022  under number D.22-0293-A01  available on the web site of Genomic Vision (www.genomicvision.com) and to the development of economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Genomic Vision operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Genomic Vision or not currently considered material by Genomic Vision. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause actual results  financial conditions  performance or achievements of Genomic Vision to be materially different from such forward-looking statements.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute and should not be construed as an offer or an invitation to sell or subscribe  or the solicitation of any order or invitation to purchase or subscribe for Genomic Vision shares in any country. The distribution of this press release in certain countries may be a breach of applicable laws. The persons in possession of this press release must inquire about any local restrictions and comply with these restrictions.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.34,0.23,0.43,True,English,"['cutting-edge TeloSizer® application', 'Genomic Vision', 'cancer research', 'Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique', 'four-year core scientific program collaboration', 'Ulysse Communication Media Relations', 'novel leukemia-specific telomere characteristics', 'French state research organization', 'other telomere measurement methods', 'core oncology program', 'Genomic Vision proprietary tools', 'Marseille Cancer Research Center', 'high precision measurement', 'International Investor Relations', 'highest mortality rate', 'robust quantitative measurements', 'major biological mechanisms', 'Aaron Bensimon CEO', 'repetitive nucleotide sequences', 'high confidence characterization', 'DNA combing technology', 'public listed company', 'early cancer detection', 'individual telomere length', 'telomere length heterogeneity', 'OPALE Carnot Institute', 'Consilium Strategic Communications', 'Euronext-listed biotechnology company', 'accurate companion tests', 'genome editing technologies', 'companion diagnostic tests', 'cutting-edge TeloSizer® application', 'scientific teams', 'accurate characterization', 'DNA sequences', 'Telomere instability', 'telomere morphology', 'innovative technologies', 'New tests', 'DNA alteration', 'DNA replication', 'blood cancer', 'leading cancer', 'R&D', 'linear chromosomes', 'important milestone', 'Thierry Huet', 'Ph.D.', 'Christophe Lachaud', 'Group Leader', 'greater accuracy', 'Vincent Geli', 'Deputy Director', 'different samples', 'Actionable insights', 'medicine approaches', 'preferred partner', 'healthcare Industry', 'innovative solutions', 'safety control', 'biomanufacturing processes', 'artificial intelligence', 'cancerous cell', 'compartment C', 'Aix-Marseille University', 'Institut Paoli-Calmettes', 'medical innovations', 'immune system', 'sustainable approach', 'patient care', 'new treatments', 'Bruno Arabian', 'DIAGNOSIS TESTS', 'TeloSizer application', 'age-associated diseases', 'telomeres length', 'genetic diseases', 'disease biomarker', 'genome modifications', 'CRCM/IPC project', 'CRCM expert', 'The CRCM', 'Development Director', 'new information', 'GENETICS', 'CNRS', 'Bagneux', 'France', 'GV', 'services', 'ends', 'distribution', 'links', 'onset', 'severity', 'video', 'genomicvision', 'benefit', 'patients', 'use', 'hallmark', 'highly', 'Story', 'follow-up', 'children', 'products', 'analysis', 'structural', 'functional', 'quality', 'Paris', 'market', 'ISIN', 'Inserm', 'pioneer', 'fight', 'efforts', '50 years', 'understanding', 'dysfunctions', 'life', 'identification', 'crcm-marseille', '50th-anniversary', 'Phone', 'Email', 'investisseurs', '44']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13881,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221128005809/en/Public-Storage-Recognized-as-the-U.S.-Self-Storage-Sustainability-Leader-on-the-GRESB-Benchmark,Public Storage Recognized as the U.S. Self-Storage Sustainability Leader on the GRESB Benchmark,GLENDALE  Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Public Storage (NYSE:PSA)  the world’s largest owner and operator of self-storage facilities  announced today that the Company is the U.S. self-storage sustainability leader on the 2022 GRESB Real Estate Benchmark  one of th…,GLENDALE  Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Public Storage (NYSE:PSA)  the world’s largest owner and operator of self-storage facilities  announced today that the Company is the U.S. self-storage sustainability leader on the 2022 GRESB Real Estate Benchmark  one of the world’s leading ESG benchmarks and reporting frameworks. Increasing its score by 18% to 80 out of 100 possible points  Public Storage ranks highest amongst its U.S. peer group for sustainability and was awarded an “A” rating for public disclosure in 2022.In addition to this recognition  Public Storage’s recent sustainability and Diversity  Equity  and Inclusion (DEI) highlights include:Reduced same-store Scope 1 and Scope 2 carbon emission intensity by 9% and 27% over the past one and three years  respectively;Enhanced nearly 200 properties through solar power generation and use  with a goal of reaching more than 1 000 properties over the next few years;Recognized by Forbes and Statista as one of “America’s Best Large Employers” and by Comparably as a “Choice Employer” with an “A+” culture based on employee feedback;Created new career paths that bolster employee satisfaction through greater role specialization and upward mobility for our property manager and customer care center teams;Increased diversity in management positions and formalized a diversity-hiring policy  furthering our commitment to an already diverse workforce that is 68% female and 52% people of color; andFormalized oversight responsibilities of sustainability initiatives by the Company’s Board of Trustees and its committees.“Public Storage’s engaged and diverse team  innovative and sustainable operations  and financial fortitude are recognized with top U.S. self-storage peer group rankings across the leading sustainability benchmarks  including GRESB ” said Joe Russell  Chief Executive Officer. “Our proactive  forward-looking strategies reflect our commitment to achieving positive environmental and social impacts while positioning the company for long-term resilience  growth  and value creation.”Company InformationPublic Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2022  we had: (i) interests in 2 836 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 202 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self-Storage SA (Euronext Brussels:SHUR)  which owned 259 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 14 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard® brand. Our headquarters are located in Glendale  California.Additional information about Public Storage is available on the Company’s website at PublicStorage.com.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.78,0.22,0.01,True,English,"['U.S. Self-Storage Sustainability Leader', 'Public Storage', 'GRESB Benchmark', 'top U.S. self-storage peer group rankings', '202 million net rentable square feet', '14 million net rentable square feet', 'U.S. peer group', 'U.S. self-storage sustainability leader', 'customer care center teams', 'seven Western European nations', '2022 GRESB Real Estate Benchmark', 'leading ESG benchmarks', 'carbon emission intensity', 'solar power generation', 'Best Large Employers', 'new career paths', 'greater role specialization', 'Formalized oversight responsibilities', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'proactive, forward-looking strategies', 'Shurgard Self-Storage SA', 'leading sustainability benchmarks', '35% common equity interest', 'S&P 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'recent sustainability', 'sustainability initiatives', 'Shurgard® brand', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'largest owner', 'reporting frameworks', '100 possible points', 'Public Storage', 'A” rating', 'public disclosure', 'same-store Scope', 'past one', 'Choice Employer', 'A+” culture', 'employee feedback', 'employee satisfaction', 'upward mobility', 'property manager', 'management positions', 'diversity-hiring policy', 'diverse workforce', 'diverse team', 'sustainable operations', 'financial fortitude', 'Joe Russell', 'positive environmental', 'social impacts', 'long-term resilience', 'value creation', 'FT Global 500', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Additional information', 'three years', 'United States', 'Company Information', '40 states', 'GLENDALE', 'Calif.', 'PSA', 'world', 'operator', 'score', 'recognition', 'Inclusion', 'DEI', 'highlights', '200 properties', 'use', 'goal', '1,000 properties', 'Forbes', 'Statista', 'America', 'Comparably', 'commitment', '52% people', 'color', 'Board', 'Trustees', 'committees', 'engaged', 'innovative', 'growth', 'member', 'REIT', 'September', 'interests', 'headquarters', 'California', 'website', 'PublicStorage', '27']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,businesswire.com
13882,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.fxempire.com/news/article/euronexts-commodities-trading-halted-by-technical-hitch-1213234,Euronext’s commodities trading halted by technical hitch,PARIS (Reuters) -   Financial markets operator Euronext said on Tuesday that trading in its commodity derivatives  which include its milling wheat futures  had been halted by a technical incident.,PARIS (Reuters) – Financial markets operator Euronext said on Tuesday that trading in its commodity derivatives  which include its milling wheat futures  had been halted by a technical incident.The incident occurred at 10:46 a.m. Central European Time (0946 GMT)  just after the opening of Tuesday’s session  Euronext said in a notice.,neutral,0.0,0.56,0.44,neutral,0.0,0.66,0.33,True,English,"['commodities trading', 'technical hitch', 'Euronext', 'Financial markets operator', 'milling wheat futures', 'Central European Time', 'commodity derivatives', 'technical incident', 'PARIS', 'Reuters', 'Euronext', 'Tuesday', 'trading', '10:46 a', '0946 GMT', 'opening', 'session', 'notice']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,fxempire.com
13883,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/29/2564351/0/en/Valneva-to-Host-Investor-Day-in-New-York-City.html,Valneva to Host Investor Day in New York City,Live event and webcast December 6  2022 10 AM – 12 PM ET  Saint-Herblain (France)  November 29  2022 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA) ...,"English FrenchLive event and webcast December 6  2022 10 AM – 12 PM ETSaint-Herblain (France)  November 29  2022 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced it will host an in-person investor day in New York City to discuss the Company’s current vaccine pipeline  commercial products  and future directions from 10:00 AM to 12:00 PM ET on Tuesday  December 6  2022. The event will also be webcast live and archived on the Company’s website.Valneva’s Chief Executive Officer Thomas Lingelbach  Chief Financial Officer Peter Bühler  and other members of the Company’s senior leadership team will highlight Valneva’s core near- and mid-term value drivers: its Lyme disease vaccine candidate VLA15 (Phase 3  partnered with Pfizer)  which is the only Lyme vaccine program in advanced clinical development worldwide  and its single shot chikungunya virus vaccine candidate VLA1553  for which pre-commercial and market access preparations are ongoing as rolling submission of a biologics license application (BLA) is currently underway. Valneva will also provide an update on its existing commercial business and select pre-clinical development programs  followed by a financial overview.A live Q&A session will follow the formal presentations with opportunity for virtual attendees to participate in the Q&A.To register for the event  please click here .About Valneva SEValneva is a specialty vaccine company focused on the development and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company takes a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development and then applies its deep understanding of vaccine science to develop prophylactic vaccines addressing these diseases. Valneva has leveraged its expertise and capabilities both to commercialize three vaccines and to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccine candidates into and through the clinic  including candidates against Lyme disease and the chikungunya virus.Media & Investor ContactsLaëtitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comValneva Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to its product candidates and estimates for future performance. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as ""could "" ""should "" ""may "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""aims "" ""targets "" or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in these materials as of this press release and disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.2,0.68,True,English,"['New York City', 'Investor Day', 'Valneva', 'single shot chikungunya virus vaccine candidate', 'other proprietary intellectual property protection', 'significant unmet medical need', 'Lyme disease vaccine candidate', 'advanced clinical development worldwide', 'live Q&A session', 'unexpected clinical trial results', 'VP Global Investor Relations', 'European Investor Relations', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'earlier clinical trials', 'VP Global Communications', 'Lyme vaccine program', 'person investor day', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Peter Bühler', 'senior leadership team', 'mid-term value drivers', 'market access preparations', 'biologics license application', 'Laëtitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'European credit crisis', 'current vaccine pipeline', 'New York City', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'future clinical trials', 'pre-clinical development programs', 'specialty vaccine company', 'existing commercial business', 'Q&A.', 'Valneva Forward-Looking Statements', 'vaccine development', 'vaccine science', 'Investor Contacts', 'vaccine candidates', 'other members', 'other factors', 'other things', 'commercial products', 'financial overview', 'Live event', 'English French', 'Euronext Paris', 'future directions', 'Thomas Lingelbach', 'rolling submission', 'formal presentations', 'virtual attendees', 'targeted approach', 'deep understanding', 'broad range', 'Joshua Drumm', 'Ph.D.', 'press release', 'actual results', 'current expectations', 'future results', 'currency fluctuations', 'preclinical studies', 'new information', 'future events', 'The Company', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'three vaccines', 'product candidates', 'infectious diseases', 'similar words', 'unknown risks', 'future performance', 'Valneva SE', 'webcast', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'November', 'Nasdaq', 'VLA', '10:00 AM', 'Tuesday', 'December', 'website', 'Phase', 'Pfizer', 'pre-commercial', 'update', 'opportunity', 'commercialization', 'specialized', 'expertise', 'capabilities', 'Media', 'laetitia', 'respect', 'estimates', 'addition', 'developments', 'cases', 'aims', 'targets', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'achievements', 'manufacture', 'delays', 'competition', 'general', 'impact', 'ability', 'patent', 'Success', 'light', 'assurance', 'materials', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Attachment', '12']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13884,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-biocartis-group-nv-093000932.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Biocartis Announces 55.91% of Offered Shares Subscribed at Closing of Rights Subscription Period for Holders of Preferential Rights  and Start of Sale of Scrips through Private Placement to Inst. Investors,PRESS RELEASE: INSIDE INFORMATION / REGULATED INFORMATION 29 November 2022  10:30 CET Biocartis Announces 55.91% of Offered Shares Subscribed at Closing of...,"PRESS RELEASE: INSIDE INFORMATION / REGULATED INFORMATION29 November 2022  10:30 CETBiocartis Announces 55.91% of Offered Shares Subscribed at Closing of the Rights Subscription Period for Holders of Preferential Rights  and Start of the Sale of the Scrips through a Private Placement to Institutional InvestorsWarning: An investment in the Company's ordinary shares (the ""Shares""  including the Offered Shares (as defined below) and the new Shares issuable upon conversion of the Existing Convertible Bonds  upon conversion of the New Convertible Bonds  and upon contribution in kind of the payables under the new secured loan agreement (as amended from time to time) that was announced on 1 September 2022 (""New Shares""))  the Preferential Rights and/or the Scrips (all as defined below) involves substantial risks and uncertainties and the investors could lose their investment. Prospective investors should read the entire prospectus that has been prepared by the Company in the context of the Offering (the ""Prospectus"")  and  in particular  should refer to the chapter ""Risk Factors"" for a discussion of certain factors that should be considered in connection with an investment in the Shares  the Preferential Rights and/or the Scrips. Within each category of risk factors  the risks estimated to be the most material are presented first. The Company refers in particular to the risks that Biocartis does not have sufficient working capital to fund its operations and development activities  that Biocartis has incurred operating losses  negative operating cash flow and an accumulated deficit since inception and may never become profitable  that the commercial success of Biocartis will depend on the continued growth in market acceptance of the Idylla™ platform  the menu of Idylla™ and partner tests it offers and the relevance thereof  that Biocartis' past growth is not indicative (nor a guarantee) of future growth  that it may be unable to manage its growth effectively  and that it may not be successful in further growing its commercialization infrastructure  that any future capital increases by the Company (as the case may be  in the context of the comprehensive recapitalization transactions referred to in the Prospectus  that have been announced on 1 September 2022 (which could result in a dilution of existing shareholders of the Company of up to 80.97%)) could have a negative impact on the price of the Shares and could dilute the interests of existing shareholders  and that Biocartis might require substantial additional funding to respond to business challenges  take advantage of new business opportunities or repay or refinance its outstanding convertible bonds  which may not be available on acceptable terms  or at all. Potential investors should note that comments regarding material uncertainty regarding the Company's going concern were included in the reports of the Company's statutory auditor on the latest annual and interim financial statements. All of these factors should be considered before investing in the Shares (including the Offered Shares and the New Shares)  the Preferential Rights and/or the Scrips. Prospective investors must be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Shares (including the Offered Shares and the New Shares)  Preferential Rights and/or the Scrips  and should be able to sustain a partial or total loss of their investment. Each decision to invest in the Shares  Preferential Rights and/or the Scrips must be based on all information provided in the Prospectus.Mechelen  Belgium  29 November 2022 – Biocartis Group NV (the ""Company"" or ""Biocartis"")  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  today announces that 18 718 468 new shares or 55.91% of the maximum 33 476 932 new shares it offered as part of a public offering to existing shareholders of the Company and any holders of an extra-legal preferential right (the ""Preferential Right"") (such offering  the ""Rights Offering"") for a maximum amount of EUR 25 107 699.00  were subscribed for at an issue price of EUR 0.75 per new ordinary Share (the ""Offered Shares"")  on the basis of 4 Offered Shares per 7 Preferential Rights. The rights subscription period for the Offered Shares started on 17 November 2022 and closed on 28 November 2022  at 4 p.m. CET (the ""Rights Subscription Period"").The 25 827 312 Preferential Rights  represented by coupon n°1  that have not been exercised during or at the end of the Rights Subscription Period were converted into an equal number of scrips (the ""Scrips""). These Scrips will be offered for sale through a private placement to institutional investors (the ""Scrips Private Placement"" and together with the Rights Offering  the ""Offering""). This sale through the Scrips Private Placement will start today and is expected to end today.Purchasers of Scrips in the Scrips Private Placement must irrevocably undertake to subscribe for the corresponding number of Offered Shares in the Company at EUR 0.75 per Offered Share at the ratio of 4 Offered Shares per 7 Preferential Rights under the form of Scrips.The net proceeds of the sale of the Scrips (the ""Net Scrips Proceeds"") (if any) will be divided proportionally between all holders of Preferential Rights who have not exercised them. If the Net Scrips Proceeds are less than EUR 0.01 per unexercised Preferential Right  the holders of Preferential Rights who have not exercised them are not entitled to receive any payment and  instead  the Net Scrips Proceeds will be transferred to the Company.The results of the Scrips Private Placement  the global results of the Offering and the amount due to holders of unexercised Preferential Rights (if any) are expected to be announced in a press release later today  which will be available on https://investors.biocartis.com/en/offering and https://investors.biocartis.com/en/press-releases. At the request of the Company  the trading of its shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels has been suspended until the publication of such press release which is expected to be made later today.The payment of the subscriptions in the Scrips Private Placement is expected to take place on or around 2 December 2022 and will be made by delivery against payment.Delivery of the Offered Shares will take place on or around 2 December 2022. The Offered Shares will be delivered under the form of dematerialized Shares (booked into the securities account of the subscriber) or as registered Shares recorded in the Company's share register. The Offered Shares are expected to become tradeable on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels on 2 December 2022.As described in the Prospectus  in connection with the Offering  the Company has obtained undertakings (the ""Backstop Commitments"") from certain new investors  pursuant to which these new investors have committed to subscribe for Offered Shares in the event that the Offering is not fully subscribed during the Rights Subscription Period or in the context of the Scrips Private Placement  and this for an amount of up to EUR 10.6 million  corresponding to approximately 42.22% of the Offering  subject to the terms and conditions set out in the relevant commitment letters. The Backstop Commitments are irrevocable and unconditional  subject however  to the completion of the Offering. The Company also entered into an underwriting agreement (the ""Underwriting Agreement"") with KBC Securities NV (as 'Sole Global Coordinator' and 'Sole Bookrunner') (the ""Underwriter"")  pursuant to which the Underwriter has agreed to subscribe for any Offered Shares that are not subscribed for in the Offering and that are not underwritten by new investors pursuant to the terms of the aforementioned Backstop Commitments  up to a maximum amount of EUR 14 507 699.00. Together  the Backstop Commitments and the commitment under the Underwriting Agreement allow for the subscription for 100% of the Offered Shares to be issued in the Offering. No investor has been granted any preferential rights or rights of first refusal in priority to any participant in the Scrips Private Placement.The Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (the ""FSMA"") approved the English version of the Prospectus on 15 November 2022. The FSMA's approval does not imply any opinion by the FSMA on the suitability and the status of the Offered Shares  the Preferential Rights or the Scrips  or on the status of the Company  nor as an endorsement of the Company or of the quality of the Offered Shares  the Preferential Rights or the Scrips.Additional information  subject to applicable legal restrictions  is available here: https://investors.biocartis.com/en/offering.--- END ---More information:Renate DegraveHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.WarningAn investment in shares entails significant risks. Relevant investors are encouraged to read the Prospectus published by the Company after approval by the FSMA. This document is not a prospectus and investors should not subscribe for or purchase any Securities referred to herein except on the basis of the information contained in the Prospectus. Potential investors must read the Prospectus before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the Securities. This announcement and the approval of the Prospectus should not be understood as an endorsement of the Securities offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market. The value of the Company's Securities can decrease as well as increase. Potential investors should consult a professional advisor as to the suitability of the intended offering for the person concerned.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Important informationThis announcement is not a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by The Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (each as amended) (the ""UK Prospectus Regulation"").THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND DOES NOT FORM PART OF ANY OFFER TO SELL OR PURCHASE  OR THE SOLICITATION OF ANY OFFER TO SELL OR PURCHASE  ANY SECURITIES. THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT AND THE OFFER  SUBSCRIPTION  SALE AND PURCHASE OF SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS MAY BE RESTRICTED BY LAW. ANY PERSONS READING THIS ANNOUNCEMENT SHOULD INFORM THEMSELVES OF AND OBSERVE ANY SUCH RESTRICTIONS.There shall be no offer  solicitation  sale  subscription  purchase or exchange of Shares  Preferential Rights or Scrips (collectively  the ""Securities"") in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation  sale  or purchase would be unlawful prior to registration  exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The Securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended from time to time (the ""U.S. Securities Act"") or the securities laws of any state of the United States  and may not be offered or sold in the United States unless these Securities are registered under the U.S. Securities Act  or an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act is available. Biocartis has not registered  and does not intend to register  any portion of the offering of the Securities concerned in the United States  and does not intend to conduct a public offering of Securities in the United States.In addition to the public in Belgium  this communication is only addressed to and directed at persons in member states of the European Economic Area (each a ""Member States"") and in the United Kingdom who are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and of the UK Prospectus Regulation  respectively (""Qualified Investors""). In addition  in the United Kingdom  this communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order"") or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). The Securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such Securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. This announcement cannot be used as a basis for any investment agreement or decision. Biocartis is not liable if the aforementioned restrictions are not complied with by any person.The date of completion of Offering may be influenced by things such as market conditions. There is no guarantee that such completion will occur and a potential investor should not base their financial decisions on the Company's intentions in relation to such completion at this stage.The Underwriter is acting for the Company and no one else in relation to the intended Offering  and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections offered to its clients nor for providing advice in relation to the intended Offering.The Company assumes responsibility for the information contained in this announcement. Neither the Underwriter nor any of its affiliates or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the truth  accuracy or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to the Company  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. The Underwriter and each of its affiliates accordingly disclaim  to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law  all and any liability whether arising in tort  contract or otherwise which they might otherwise be found to have in respect of this announcement or any such statement or information. No representation or warranty express or implied  is made by the Underwriter or any of its affiliates as to the accuracy  completeness  verification or sufficiency of the information set out in this announcement  and nothing in this announcement will be relied upon as a promise or representation in this respect  whether or not to the past or future.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.14,0.85,True,English,"['Rights Subscription Period', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Preferential Rights', 'Press release', 'Private Placement', 'Shares', 'Closing', 'Holders', 'Sale', 'Scrips', 'Inst.', 'Investors', 'new secured loan agreement', 'negative operating cash flow', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'sufficient working capital', 'comprehensive recapitalization transactions', 'interim financial statements', 'future capital increases', 'substantial additional funding', 'outstanding convertible bonds', 'Rights Subscription Period', 'new business opportunities', 'New Convertible Bonds', 'extra-legal preferential right', 'Institutional Investors Warning', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'new ordinary Share', 'maximum 33,476,932 new shares', 'Scrips Private Placement', 'operating losses', 'negative impact', 'business challenges', 'maximum amount', 'Preferential Rights', 'future growth', '18,718,468 new shares', 'ordinary shares', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Prospective investors', 'most material', 'development activities', 'commercial success', 'market acceptance', 'commercialization infrastructure', 'existing shareholders', 'acceptable terms', 'Potential investors', 'material uncertainty', 'going concern', 'statutory auditor', 'latest annual', 'economic risk', 'total loss', 'Euronext Brussels', 'equal number', 'corresponding number', 'substantial risks', 'Rights Offering', 'continued growth', 'past growth', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Offered Shares', 'Risk Factors', 'Idylla™ platform', 'public offering', 'issue price', 'entire prospectus', '29 November', '10:30 CET', 'Closing', 'Sale', 'investment', 'conversion', 'contribution', 'kind', 'payables', 'time', '1 September', 'uncertainties', 'context', 'chapter', 'discussion', 'connection', 'category', 'operations', 'deficit', 'inception', 'menu', 'partner', 'relevance', 'guarantee', 'case', 'dilution', 'interests', 'advantage', 'comments', 'reports', 'partial', 'decision', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'basis', '17 November', '28 November', 'coupon', 'end', 'Purchasers']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13885,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-063000361.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6573 £ 24.2846 Estimated MTD return -1.62 % -1.52 % Estimated YTD return -5.28 % -4.03 % Estimated ITD return 176.57 % 142.85 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.01 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.64 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.7159 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.5344The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'United States', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13886,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-eur-nav-063000077.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (EUR)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6573 £ 24.2846 Estimated MTD return -1.62 % -1.52 % Estimated YTD return -5.28 % -4.03 % Estimated ITD return 176.57 % 142.85 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.01 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.64 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.7159 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.5344The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comStory continuesThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.84,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'A Premium/discount', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'following information', 'further information', 'information purposes', 'United States', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'Story', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13887,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/e737eaf435175fcf,London Dinosaur Stock Market Is Going Extinct But Still Has Meat On It,The U.K. market is a lame duck. While Brexit promised revolution and the freedom to swashbuckle  it didn’t deliver  so  now cut off from the continent  the U.K. market has shrunk to become smaller than Paris. How the mighty have fallen. That makes for an inte…,The U.K. market is a lame duck. While Brexit promised revolution and the freedom to swashbuckle  it didn’t deliver  so  now cut off from the continent  the U.K. market has shrunk to become smaller than Paris. How the mighty have fallen. That makes for an interesting arb between the overpriced U.K. stock market stock and the now bigger but comparatively underpriced Euronext. The London Stock Exchange has gone from 400p to 8 000p in a decade so I suppose it can’t help but be vulnerable to a fall  especially as it ejected its equity intestines like a sea-squid  to buy a chunk of Reuters that couldn’t get arrested when it was once listed itself. Euronext meanwhile has a 17 P/E versus an 80 P/E at the atrophying London Exchange.I wouldn’t touch that trade personally because when it comes to high valuations there is no obvious sense to it. You only have to try and find solid financial information for companies to spot that for stocks  hot air is in vast supply while hard info is often not…This story appeared first on forbes.com   2022-11-29.,neutral,0.02,0.85,0.13,negative,0.05,0.07,0.88,True,English,"['London Dinosaur Stock Market', 'Meat', 'overpriced U.K. stock market stock', 'The U.K. market', 'The London Stock Exchange', 'atrophying London Exchange', 'solid financial information', 'lame duck', 'interesting arb', 'equity intestines', 'high valuations', 'obvious sense', 'hot air', 'vast supply', 'hard info', 'Brexit', 'revolution', 'freedom', 'continent', 'Paris', 'mighty', 'bigger', 'Euronext', '400p', 'decade', 'fall', 'sea-squid', 'chunk', 'Reuters', '17 P/E', '80 P', 'trade', 'companies', 'stocks', 'story']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,biztoc.com
13888,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/rixos-gulf-hotel-doha-brings-120100360.html,Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha brings first all-inclusive experience to Doha,Accor Group  in partnership with Katara Hospitality  are delighted to announce the opening of Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha. This hotel is a key milestone for the...,"Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha brings all-inclusive experience to Qatar (CNW Group/Accor)HOTEL IS A KEY MILESTONE FOR THE RIXOS HOTELS BRAND AS IT IS THE FIRST 5-STAR ALL-INCLUSIVE HOTEL IN DOHADOHA  Qatar  Nov. 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ - Accor Group  in partnership with Katara Hospitality  are delighted to announce the opening of Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha. This hotel is a key milestone for the Rixos Hotels brand as it is the first 5-star All-Inclusive hotel in Doha  reiterating the brand's commitment to creating an elevated 360° experience for guests.Since its opening in 1973 as the Gulf Hotel  the building itself has become a landmark in the city and this new venture reimagines the property with luxurious offerings under the All-Inclusive concept within the Rixos brand name. Established in 2000  this fast-growing Turkish hotel brand has redefined the meaning of All-Inclusive by creating individual and meaningful experiences through an unlimited selection of premium products and services across bucket-list worthy destinations  offering a fresh perspective on the discerning travelers' kind of paradise. From abundant flavors  sports activities  professional entertainment  kids' activities and immersive spa experiences  guests at Rixos Gulf Doha Hotel will embark on a memorable journey to unlocking an All-Inclusive paradise.Fettah Tamince  Chairman of the Board of Directors of Rixos Hotels said: ""This iconic landmark is the ideal venue to introduce Rixos and its All-Inclusive concept to Qatar. Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha perfectly balances the striking contrast between the 1970's architecture of one of Doha's most recognized landmarks with all the style and functionality that is expected of a leading 21st-century luxury hotel.""Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha consists of two distinct towers comprising of approximately 378 luxurious rooms and suites. Guest rooms blend comfort with cutting-edge technology to satisfy every guest from corporate travelers to socialites. The hotel also recognizes that relaxation and rejuvenation are an essential part of any visitor's stay  featuring the brand's highly-acclaimed and signature  Anjana Spa.Story continuesThis trendy hotel will feature something for guests of all ages and lifestyles  with luxurious amenities  a vibrant entertainment program  several dining outlets and soon to open engaging kids club and state of the art fitness facilities. Guests will be spoilt for choice with seven different dining outlets located across the property. Farmhouse  the all-day dining restaurant  will introduce guests to high quality  farm-fresh ingredients  with an emphasis on authentic Turkish cuisine. Those seeking an Indian flair will be delighted at Rasa presenting Indian classics with a modern take  combining international ingredients with an Indian essence. To complete the five-star dining experience  guests will have the opportunity to dine on the finest meat cuts at the steakhouse  Mr. Tailor or enjoy an eclectic array of cuisines with a beautiful view to match at Akte Pier 51.Those with a sweet tooth will revel in Crust  the 24-hour lobby lounge featuring a bakery with desserts guaranteed to be a feast for the eyes and the tastebuds. To break away from the crowd and relax in their own  private bit of luxury  VIP guests and suite bookers can enjoy a coffee or drink and mouthwatering desserts in M lounge.Set to open at a later stage  fitness junkies will be able to maintain their exercise routines at the Exclusive Sports Club. Guests might even fall in love with a new sport by participating in the numerous fitness classes offered throughout the day including yoga  Zumba and HIIT workouts.While parents soak up the sun and sip on ZOH's signature beverages by the pool  kids can build new friendships while engaging in fun  yet educational activities at Rixy Kids Club. The fully-supervised kids programme boasts numerous games and fun activities like arts and crafts  science experiments and even a Kids Disco!The opening of Rixos Gulf Doha Hotel under the Rixos Hotel's brand will help strengthen its position as Doha's most iconic property  with the highest standards of premium offerings and modern facilities in all aspects of its operations. Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha exemplifies the very epitome of All-Inclusive  a first in Doha  from a brand known around the world for its refined offerings and premium standards. Located close to the Doha International Airport  the hotel is a treasured landmark on the Doha coastline and will be easily accessible to business travelers or those guests looking to stay at a lifestyle destination.Cenk Ünverdi  Regional General Manager of Rixos Hotels UAE commented: ""The opening of Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha is a monumental achievement for everyone involved  and the introduction of the All-Inclusive concept in Qatar's hospitality landscape helps reiterate the hotel's commitment to creating an elevated brand experience for guests.""Sherif Kasseb  General Manager of Rixos Gulf Doha Hotel added: ""The Qatari market is ready for an All-Inclusive destination where guests' only concern is to sit back and unwind while their every need is attended to. Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha is fulling this market gap and will soon become the go-to destination for business travelers and vacationers alike. We look forward to welcoming guests to our hotel.""About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 230 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its global sustainability commitments (such as achieving Net Zero Carbon emissions by 2050  global elimination of single use plastics in its hotels' guest experience  etc.)  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.ABOUT RIXOS HOTELSEstablished in 2000  Rixos is one of the world's fastest-growing luxury hotel chains specialising in memorable all-inclusive holidays. At the heart of every Rixos Hotel & Resort is a revitalising wellness spa with an authentic Turkish Hammam  renowned for its unique selection of spa rituals. Each hotel offers a distinctive variety of restaurants and bars  an exciting entertainment schedule and a diverse range of opulently appointed rooms and suites.Each Rixos  be it in Turkey  UAE  Russia  Croatia  Switzerland  Egypt serves as a genuinely inspiring location to see due to its best-in-class facilities  dining options and entertainment venues. The award-winning Rixos Hotels have received global recognition from distinguished professional bodies including the American Five Star Diamond Award  Conde Nast  World Travel Awards and Trip Advisor.Rixos Hotels currently operates four hotels in the United Arab Emirates: Rixos Premium Dubai in JBR Dubai  Rixos The Palm Dubai Hotel & Suites in Palm Jumeirah Dubai  Rixos Bab Al Bahr in Ras Al Khaimah and Rixos Premium Saadiyat Island in Abu Dhabi.CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/rixos-gulf-hotel-doha-brings-first-all-inclusive-experience-to-doha-301688544.htmlSOURCE Accor",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.21,0.21,True,English,"['Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha', 'first all-inclusive experience', 'high quality, farm-fresh ingredients', 'seven different dining outlets', 'leading 21st-century luxury hotel', 'FIRST 5-STAR ALL-INCLUSIVE HOTEL', 'Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha', 'Rixos Gulf Doha Hotel', 'growing Turkish hotel brand', 'several dining outlets', 'authentic Turkish cuisine', 'Rixos Hotels UAE', 'bucket-list worthy destinations', 'two distinct towers', 'finest meat cuts', 'five-star dining experience', 'Rixos brand name', 'vibrant entertainment program', '24-hour lobby lounge', 'Exclusive Sports Club', ""discerning travelers' kind"", 'RIXOS HOTELS BRAND', 'Doha International Airport', 'day dining restaurant', 'engaging kids club', 'Rixy Kids Club', 'immersive spa experiences', 'Regional General Manager', 'The Qatari market', 'numerous fitness classes', 'elevated brand experience', 'international ingredients', 'elevated 360° experience', 'trendy hotel', 'Doha coastline', 'inclusive experience', 'meaningful experiences', 'sports activities', 'professional entertainment', 'Anjana Spa', 'M lounge.', 'numerous games', 'corporate travelers', 'fitness facilities', 'fitness junkies', 'business travelers', 'All-Inclusive concept', 'All-Inclusive destination', ""kids' activities"", 'kids programme', 'Kids Disco', 'CNW Group', 'Katara Hospitality', 'new venture', 'luxurious offerings', 'unlimited selection', 'premium products', 'fresh perspective', 'abundant flavors', 'memorable journey', 'Fettah Tamince', 'ideal venue', 'striking contrast', '378 luxurious rooms', 'cutting-edge technology', 'essential part', 'luxurious amenities', 'Indian flair', 'Indian classics', 'modern take', 'Indian essence', 'Mr. Tailor', 'eclectic array', 'beautiful view', 'Akte Pier', 'sweet tooth', 'private bit', 'suite bookers', 'later stage', 'exercise routines', 'new sport', 'HIIT workouts', 'new friendships', 'educational activities', 'fun activities', 'science experiments', 'highest standards', 'premium offerings', 'modern facilities', 'refined offerings', 'premium standards', 'lifestyle destination', 'Cenk Ünverdi', 'monumental achievement', 'hospitality landscape', 'Sherif Kasseb', 'All-Inclusive paradise', 'iconic landmark', 'treasured landmark', 'Accor Group', 'key milestone', 'Guest rooms', 'mouthwatering desserts', 'signature beverages', 'iconic property', 'VIP guests', 'PRNewswire', 'partnership', 'opening', 'commitment', 'building', 'city', 'individual', 'services', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'architecture', 'landmarks', 'functionality', 'suites', 'comfort', 'socialites', 'relaxation', 'rejuvenation', 'visitor', 'stay', 'acclaimed', 'Story', 'something', 'lifestyles', 'state', 'choice', 'Farmhouse', 'emphasis', 'Rasa', 'opportunity', 'steakhouse', 'cuisines', 'Crust', 'bakery', 'feast', 'eyes', 'tastebuds', 'crowd', 'coffee', 'drink', 'love', 'yoga', 'Zumba', 'parents', 'sun', 'ZOH', 'pool', 'arts', 'crafts', 'position', 'aspects', 'operations', 'epitome', 'world', 'everyone', 'introduction', 'concern']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13889,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mdxhealth-provides-business-210600088.html,MDxHealth Provides Business Update,NEWS RELEASE – INSIDE AND REGULATED INFORMATION29 NOVEMBER 2022  4:00PM EDT / 22:00 CET MDxHealth Provides Business Update IRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM –...,mdxhealthNEWS RELEASE – INSIDE AND REGULATED INFORMATION29 NOVEMBER 2022  4:00PM EDT / 22:00 CETMDxHealth Provides Business UpdateIRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – November 29  2022 – MDxHealth SA (NASDAQ/Euronext: MDXH)  a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company  today provided clinical and reimbursement product developments  updated guidance for 2022  and initial guidance for 2023.Select mdx reimbursement updateUnder the foundational LCD (Local Coverage Decision) process recently implemented by the Molecular Diagnostics Services (MolDX) Program administered by Palmetto GBA  all tests within an LCD-covered indication must submit a Technical Assessment (TA) for review and consideration. The indication for use of Select mdx is covered by Medicare’s foundational LCD Molecular Biomarkers to Risk-Stratify Patients at Increased Risk for Prostate Cancer  which became effective in July 2022. The Select mdx TA has already been submitted and we are engaged in an interactive review process with MolDX. Based on our most recent communication with MolDX  a final coverage decision is not expected until H1 2023.NCCN Guidelines expand Genomic Prostate Score (GPS) indication to include high-risk patientsThe recently released NCCN for Prostate Cancer Guideline (Version 1.2023)* expands the indication for use of the GPS test to include high-risk patients with localized prostate cancer. In August 2022  mdxhealth announced that it acquired the Oncotype DX Genomic Prostate Score® (GPS) test from Exact Sciences  further solidifying the Company’s leadership in the precision diagnostics urology market. This expanded criteria to address high-risk patients provides additional validation for the clinical utility of GPS in making prostate cancer treatment decisions and enables us to more fully serve our targeted patient population.Michael K. McGarrity  CEO of mdxhealth  commented: “Securing Medicare reimbursement for new molecular diagnostic technologies is now a more rigorous and iterative process under the new Foundational LCD program. Due to the additional time required to obtain Medicare coverage  the Company no longer expects to receive Medicare payments for Select mdx tests in 2022. Based on this development  coupled with revenue cycle timing associated with the acquisition and integration of the GPS test  the Company is revising its 2022 revenue guidance to $36.5-37.5 million from $40-42 million. We remain confident in our ability to address any remaining questions with MolDX  which we believe will lead to a positive reimbursement decision for Select mdx in the first half of 2023. To further underscore the growing diagnostic value of Select mdx  we are also pleased to report that the results of an independent  multi-institutional clinical study was recently recognized as a best poster by the American Urological Association  demonstrating the diagnostic accuracy of Select mdx and as well as its complementary utility with mpMRI for the prediction of prostate cancer in biopsies.Story continues“Further  we are also pleased to note the expanded indication for our GPS test in the recently updated NCCN Prostate Cancer guidelines”  continued Mr. McGarrity. “The addition of GPS to our current menu of tests targeted into urology and prostate cancer reflects our strategy to generate sustainable growth and enable mdxhealth to become the leading precision diagnostics company with the most comprehensive test menu focused on prostate cancer. While early  we are well into our integration plan for our GPS test and have our expanded field sales organization in place to support continued growth. With multiple levers for sustainable revenue growth  the company is initiating 2023 revenue guidance of $65-70 million.”About mdxhealth®Mdxhealth is a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company that provides actionable molecular diagnostic information to personalize the diagnosis and treatment of cancer. The Company's tests are based on proprietary genetic  epigenetic (methylation) and other molecular technologies and assist physicians with the diagnosis of urologic cancers and prognosis of recurrence risk. The Company’s European headquarters are in Herstal  Belgium  with laboratory operations in Nijmegen  The Netherlands  and U.S. headquarters and laboratory operations based in Irvine  California  with additional laboratory operations in Plano  Texas. For more information  visit mdxhealth.com and follow us on social media at: twitter.com/mdxhealth  facebook.com/mdxhealth and linkedin.com/company/mdxhealth.For more information:mdxhealthinfo@mdxhealth.comLifeSci Advisors (IR & PR)US: +1 949 271 9223ir@mdxhealth.comThis press release contains forward-looking statements and estimates with respect to the anticipated future performance of MDxHealth and the market in which it operates  all of which involve certain risks and uncertainties. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “potential ” “expect ” “will ” “goal ” “next ” “potential ” “aim ” “explore ” “forward ” “future ” and “believes” as well as similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this release include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the acquisition of Oncotype DX® GPS prostate cancer business from Exact Sciences including statements regarding the anticipated benefits of the acquisition; statements. Such statements and estimates are based on assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable but may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict  may depend upon factors that are beyond the company’s control  and may turn out to be materially different. Examples of forward-looking statements include  among others  statements we make regarding expected future operating results  product development efforts  our strategies  positioning  resources  capabilities and expectations for future events or performance. Important factors that could cause actual results  conditions and events to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: uncertainties associated with the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic  including its possible effects on our operations  and the demand for our products; our ability to successfully and profitably market our products; the acceptance of our products and services by healthcare providers; the willingness of health insurance companies and other payers to cover our products and services and adequately reimburse us for such products and services; our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals and comply with applicable regulations; the possibility that the anticipated benefits from our business acquisitions like our acquisition of the Oncotype DX® GPS prostate cancer business will not be realized in full or at all or may take longer to realize than expected; and the amount and nature of competition for our products and services. Other important risks and uncertainties are described in the Risk Factors sections of our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F and in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. MDxHealth expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this release to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based unless required by law or regulation. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of MDxHealth in any jurisdiction. No securities of MDxHealth may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. securities laws.NOTE: The mdxhealth logo  mdxhealth  Confirm mdx  Select mdx  Resolve mdx  Genomic Prostate Score  GPS and Monitor mdx are trademarks or registered trademarks of MDxHealth SA. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.*NCCN Prostate Cancer Guidelines 1.2023 Discussion Update in Progress (Nov.29  2022)Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.23,0.23,True,English,"['Business Update', 'MDxHealth', 'Oncotype DX Genomic Prostate Score®', 'new molecular diagnostic technologies', 'independent, multi-institutional clinical study', 'foundational LCD Molecular Biomarkers', 'new Foundational LCD program', 'Local Coverage Decision) process', 'commercial-stage precision diagnostics company', 'leading precision diagnostics company', 'actionable molecular diagnostic information', 'prostate cancer treatment decisions', 'NCCN Prostate Cancer guidelines', 'Molecular Diagnostics Services', 'other molecular technologies', 'The Select mdx TA', 'final coverage decision', 'growing diagnostic value', 'positive reimbursement decision', 'targeted patient population', 'American Urological Association', 'field sales organization', 'reimbursement product developments', 'localized prostate cancer', 'Michael K. McGarrity', 'revenue cycle timing', 'U.S. headquarters', 'interactive review process', 'mdx reimbursement update', 'comprehensive test menu', 'diagnostics urology market', 'sustainable revenue growth', 'additional laboratory operations', 'Select mdx tests', 'NCCN Guidelines', 'diagnostic accuracy', 'iterative process', 'sustainable growth', 'Medicare coverage', 'The Company', 'Business Update', 'Medicare reimbursement', 'Mr. McGarrity', 'current menu', 'European headquarters', 'The Netherlands', 'additional validation', 'clinical utility', 'additional time', 'continued growth', 'MolDX) Program', '2022 revenue guidance', '2023 revenue guidance', 'NEWS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Palmetto GBA', 'Technical Assessment', 'Risk-Stratify Patients', 'Increased Risk', 'recent communication', 'high-risk patients', 'Exact Sciences', 'remaining questions', 'first half', 'best poster', 'complementary utility', 'multiple levers', 'recurrence risk', 'social media', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'press release', 'future performance', 'GPS test', 'GPS) test', 'initial guidance', 'Medicare payments', 'LCD-covered indication', 'expanded indication', 'integration plan', 'forward-looking statements', 'GPS) indication', 'MDxHealth SA', 'mdxhealth®', 'INSIDE', '29 NOVEMBER', '4:00PM', '22:00 CET', 'IRVINE', 'HERSTAL', 'BELGIUM', 'NASDAQ/Euronext', 'consideration', 'use', 'July', 'H1', 'Version', 'August', 'leadership', 'criteria', 'CEO', 'rigorous', 'acquisition', 'ability', 'results', 'prediction', 'biopsies', 'Story', 'strategy', 'place', 'diagnosis', 'methylation', 'physicians', 'cancers', 'prognosis', 'Nijmegen', 'California', 'Plano', 'Texas', 'estimates', 'respect', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'words', 'phrases']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13890,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/progress-share-buyback-programme-070000399.html,Progress on share buyback programme,Progress on share buyback programme ING announced today that  in line with the launch of its €1.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 3 November...,ING GroupProgress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  in line with the launch of its €1.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 3 November 2022  the company has repurchased 12 500 430 shares during the week of 21 November 2022 up to and including 25 November 2022.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €11.52 for a total amount of €144 053 422.32. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.The total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date 66 476 032 ordinary shares at an average price of €11.16 for a total consideration of €741 660 747.44. To date approximately 49.44% of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr. ING presentations are available at SlideShare.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  oﬀering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees oﬀer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was aﬃrmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.Story continuesIMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONCertain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes aﬀecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) eﬀects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures  including lockdowns and travel restrictions  on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates  on ING’s business and operations and on ING’s employees  customers and counterparties (3) changes aﬀecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States(7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks(14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) regulatory consequences of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union  including authorizations and equivalence decisions (16) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (17) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers(18) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write- down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (19) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (20) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (21) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (22) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (23) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (24) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (25) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (26) changes in credit ratings (27) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters(28) inability to attract and retain key personnel (29) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (30) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (31) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and(32) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdictionAttachment,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.23,0.38,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', '€1.5 billion share buyback programme', 'other prudential regulatory requirements', 'currency exchange rates', 'Frequent news updates', 'international response measures', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global economic impact', 'global financial institution', 'strong European base', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'leading providers Euronext', 'maximum total value', 'financial economic crimes', 'major market participant', 'other forward-looking statements', 'wholesale banking services', 'daily repurchased shares', 'general economic conditions', 'related response measures', 'Group Investor Relations', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'prudential supervision', 'financial services', 'Investor enquiries', 'leading position', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'market disruption', 'financial markets', 'European Union', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'regulatory restrictions', 'regulatory consequences', 'total amount', 'total consideration', 'average price', 'detailed information', 'weekly reports', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'FTSE Russell', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'travel restrictions', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'stress tests', 'United Kingdom', 'equivalence decisions', 'minimum capital', 'derivatives businesses', 'total number', '476,032 ordinary shares', 'Group shares', 'Christoph Linke', 'operating company', 'tax laws', 'US commodities', '12,500,430 shares', 'Progress', 'line', 'launch', '3 November', '21 November', '25 November', 'website', 'investorrelations', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'presentations', 'SlideShare', 'PROFILE', 'purpose', 'people', 'life', '58,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'June', 'Morningstar', 'Story', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'lockdowns', 'counterparties', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'connection', 'less', 'dividends', 'distributions', 'members', 'withdrawal', 'authorizations']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13891,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ahold-delhaize-sets-updated-co2-090000407.html,Ahold Delhaize sets updated CO2 emissions reductions target for its entire value chain  in line with UN goal of keeping global warming below 1.5°C,Ahold Delhaize Scope 3 target Ahold Delhaize infographic Ahold Delhaize’s climate targets are in line with the UN's goal of keeping global warming below 1.5°...,Ahold DelhaizeAhold Delhaize Scope 3 targetAhold Delhaize infographicAhold Delhaize’s climate targets are in line with the UN's goal of keeping global warming below 1.5°C.To achieve this  the company today commits to an updated interim CO2 emissions reduction target for its entire value chain (scope 3) of at least 37% by 2030.Ahold Delhaize remains committed to become net-zero across its entire value chain by 2050.For its own operations (scope 1 and 2)  the company remains committed to become net-zero by 2040 with an interim target of a 50% reduction by 2030.Zaandam  the Netherlands  29 November 2022 – Ahold Delhaize today announces the update of its interim CO2 emissions reduction target for its entire value chain (scope 3) to at least 37% by 2030  and to become net-zero by 2050. For its own operations (scope 1 and 2)  the company remains committed to become net-zero by 2040 with an interim target of a 50% reduction by 2030. With this updated scope 3 interim target  Ahold Delhaize aims to achieve the decarbonization of its entire value chain and ensures that all of its climate targets are in line with the UN's goal of keeping global warming below 1.5°C.The updated interim target is aligned with the Science Based Targets initiative’s Net-Zero Standard. In accordance with the recommendation by the Science Based Targets initiative  Ahold Delhaize is using its latest available emission profile from 2020 as baseline for its 37% 2030 reduction target  updated from a 2018 baseline before. In November 2021 the company joined the Business Ambition for 1.5°C  a global coalition of UN agencies  business and industry leaders  in partnership with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and the UN led campaign ‘Race to Zero’. The update today is part of the annual climate reporting cycle as per the Business Ambition agreements.Decarbonization pathwayWhereas scopes 1 and 2 involve the CO2 emissions of Ahold Delhaize’s own operations (mainly consisting of energy  refrigeration systems  and owned and leased transport)  scope 3 represents the indirect CO2 emissions across our entire value chain. This value chain consists of thousands of suppliers  producers and farmers who supply hundreds of thousands of products that are sold to millions of customers across the United States and Europe each day.Story continuesJan Ernst de Groot  Chief Sustainability Officer of Ahold Delhaize: “As a group of mainstream supermarkets and retailers  we want to provide customers with sustainable and healthy products  while keeping shelf availability and affordability top of mind. Our commitment is to future generations  to continue to play a leading role in the transition to a more sustainable food system. We are proud of frontrunners like Albert Heijn  who inspire other brands within the Ahold Delhaize group – and the sector - to take sustainability performance to the next level in their market.”The updated interim target is the result of extensive review  which started in November 2021 together with external experts. This review shows that the main drivers of emission reduction in scope 3 can be structured in three categories: suppliers and farmers  low-carbon products and customer engagement.Suppliers and farmersA key element of our decarbonization efforts is encouraging and supporting our suppliers in setting their own emission reduction targets in line with the latest scientific evidence  and signing up to the Science Based Targets initiative. These emission reduction commitments will accelerate improvements in livestock farming  raw material sourcing  deforestation reduction  processing  food waste reduction  packaging and transport. Our brands can contribute by supporting their suppliers and farmers with concrete environmental actions. They can do this  for example  by setting up long-term contracts with farmers.Low-carbon productsSeveral of Ahold Delhaize’s brands continue to introduce more plant-based protein products in their assortments  driving the improvement of existing assortments and the development of new assortments with less embedded emissions. Our Dutch local brand Albert Heijn  for example  committed to achieve a distribution of 60% plant-based and 40% animal-based protein sales by 2030. All our brands in Europe will commit to baseline their current protein ratio and set protein ratio targets by the end of 2024.Customer engagementHelping customers understand the impact of their buying decisions and make choices that fit their needs  their tastes and their values is an important part of our approach. This includes stimulating and rewarding more sustainable choices through loyalty programs and discounts  increasing product transparency through navigation systems and product labelling  improving assortments with more vegan and vegetarian products  and increasing awareness and knowledge about a healthy lifestyle.As a result of this new target the Ahold Delhaize climate plan has been updated  and is available on the corporate website.- Ends -Cautionary noticeThis communication includes forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts may be forward-looking statements. Words and expressions such as target(s)  goal  at least  to become  by  remains  committed  aims  will or other similar words or expressions are typically used to identify forward-looking statements.Forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and other factors that are difficult to predict and that may cause actual results of Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize N.V. (the “Company”) to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include  but are not limited to  the risk factors set forth in the Company’s public filings and other disclosures. Forward-looking statements reflect the current views of the Company’s management and assumptions based on information currently available to the Company’s management. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and the Company does not assume any obligation to update such statements  except as required by law.For more informationPress office: +31 88 6595134 / media.relations@aholddelhaize.comInvestor relations: +31 88 659 5213 / investor.relations@aholddelhaize.comSocial media: Instagram: @Ahold-Delhaize | LinkedIn: @Ahold-Delhaize | Twitter: @AholdDelhaizeAbout Ahold DelhaizeAhold Delhaize is one of the world’s largest food retail groups and a leader in both supermarkets and e-commerce. Its family of great local brands serves 55 million customers each week  both in stores and online  in the United States  Europe  and Indonesia. Together  these brands employ more than 413 000 associates in 7 452 grocery and specialty stores and include the top online retailer in the Benelux and the leading online grocers in the Benelux and the United States. Ahold Delhaize brands are at the forefront of sustainable retailing  sourcing responsibly  supporting local communities and helping customers make healthier choices. The company’s focus on four growth drivers – drive omnichannel growth  elevate healthy and sustainable  cultivate best talent and strengthen operational excellence – is helping to fulfil its purpose  achieve its vision and prepare its brands and businesses for tomorrow. Headquartered in Zaandam  the Netherlands  Ahold Delhaize is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam and Brussels stock exchanges (ticker: AD) and its American Depositary Receipts are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. and quoted on the OTCQX International marketplace (ticker: ADRNY). For more information  please visit: www.aholddelhaize.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.73,0.2,0.07,True,English,"['updated CO2 emissions reductions target', 'entire value chain', 'Ahold Delhaize', 'UN goal', 'global warming', 'line', '1.5°C', 'Jan Ernst de Groot', 'interim CO2 emissions reduction target', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'annual climate reporting cycle', 'latest available emission profile', 'Ahold Delhaize climate plan', 'indirect CO2 emissions', 'less embedded emissions', 'latest scientific evidence', 'protein ratio targets', 'raw material sourcing', 'concrete environmental actions', 'Dutch local brand', '40% animal-based protein sales', 'current protein ratio', 'emission reduction targets', 'emission reduction commitments', 'food waste reduction', 'entire value chain', 'Chief Sustainability Officer', 'sustainable food system', 'Business Ambition agreements', 'plant-based protein products', 'scope 3 interim target', 'Ahold Delhaize group', 'climate targets', '37% 2030 reduction target', 'deforestation reduction', 'new target', 'sustainability performance', 'global warming', 'Net-Zero Standard', 'global coalition', 'industry leaders', 'refrigeration systems', 'United States', 'mainstream supermarkets', 'healthy products', 'shelf availability', 'future generations', 'leading role', 'Albert Heijn', 'next level', 'external experts', 'main drivers', 'three categories', 'low-carbon products', 'customer engagement', 'key element', 'livestock farming', 'long-term contracts', 'buying decisions', 'loyalty programs', 'product transparency', 'navigation systems', 'product labelling', 'vegetarian products', 'healthy lifestyle', 'corporate website', 'Cautionary notice', 'Decarbonization pathway', 'decarbonization efforts', 'extensive review', 'existing assortments', 'new assortments', 'important part', 'sustainable choices', 'UN agencies', 'other brands', '50% reduction', '3 target', '60% plant-based', 'infographic', 'line', 'goal', '1.5°C', 'company', 'operations', 'Zaandam', 'Netherlands', 'update', 'recommendation', 'November', 'partnership', 'SBTi', 'campaign', 'Race', 'scopes', 'energy', 'transport', 'thousands', 'suppliers', 'producers', 'farmers', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'customers', 'Europe', 'Story', 'retailers', 'affordability', 'mind', 'transition', 'frontrunners', 'sector', 'result', 'improvements', 'processing', 'packaging', 'example', 'development', 'distribution', 'impact', 'needs', 'tastes', 'values', 'approach', 'discounts', 'vegan', 'awareness', 'knowledge', 'Ends', 'communication', '2024']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13892,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221128005749/en/Dalata-Hotel-Group-Opens-50th-Hotel-Clayton-Hotel-Glasgow-City,Dalata Hotel Group Opens 50th Hotel  Clayton Hotel Glasgow City,GLASGOW  Scotland--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dalata Hotel Group Plc (“Dalata” or “the Group”)  the largest hotel operator in Ireland  growing rapidly in the UK and with a presence in continental Europe  today officially opens the Group’s 50th hotel  Clayton Hotel Glas…,GLASGOW  Scotland--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dalata Hotel Group Plc (“Dalata” or “the Group”)  the largest hotel operator in Ireland  growing rapidly in the UK and with a presence in continental Europe  today officially opens the Group’s 50th hotel  Clayton Hotel Glasgow City  creating 100 jobs locally.Clayton Hotel Glasgow City is the Group’s first Clayton hotel in Scotland  following the opening of Maldron Hotel Glasgow in August 2021. The opening of Dalata’s 50th hotel is a significant milestone for the Group as it continues to deliver sustainable growth  enabled by a dedicated and experienced team. The hotel marks the Group’s 17th hotel across the UK  where it operates eleven Clayton hotels and six Maldron hotels and has four hotels under construction in Brighton  Manchester  Liverpool  and London.Clayton Hotel Glasgow CitySituated on Clyde Street on the site of the city’s Grade A listed Custom House building  Clayton Hotel Glasgow City is a 4-star property that is part of a significant restoration of the historical area  known as St Enoch. The refurbished listed building serves as the entrance to the hotel with the reception  public area  ballroom and event spaces all located here. Adjacent to the historic building and connected  in part  by a glazed ceiling  the stylish ultra-modern hotel also houses the Custom House Bar & Restaurant. Climbing 16 storeys high  the hotel provides a striking juxtaposition of old and new architecture.The luxurious new hotel is just a short stroll from Glasgow’s famed Buchanan Street with easy access to the rest of the city’s Style Mile areas as well as the world-renowned OVO Hydro Arena  Scottish Event Campus and the Science Centre.Additionally  its high-spec meeting and event facilities ensure the hotel is an attractive option for business guests. The hotel’s 303 spacious bedrooms offer stunning cityscape or river views  while the terrace on the seventh floor provides a stand-out entertaining space for both corporate and private events  with panoramic views across the city.Integral in the design of the build and in keeping with Dalata’s purpose to grow as an innovative and sustainable international hotel company  was the use of low-carbon technologies. This ensures the hotel  with a BREEAM rating of Excellent  has a more sustainable approach which allows the hotel’s energy demands to be met by minimising the dependence on fossil fuels.As Scotland’s largest city  and the third largest city in the UK  Glasgow attracts a strong mix of corporate and leisure demand. In 2019  the city welcomed 2.5 million visitors  generating £774 million for the city’s economy.i The city has historically achieved a strong RevPAR  altogether making it an attractive market for Dalata Hotel Group.Dermot Crowley  Chief Executive of Dalata Hotel Group said the hotel opening further signals the Company’s continued commitment to its expansion strategy  as well as cementing the group’s confidence in Scotland and the UK market.He said: “The opening of our 50th hotel  Clayton Hotel Glasgow City is a significant milestone for us and is a further demonstration of the excellent team we have in Dalata  who continue to deliver on our ambitious growth strategy. We are delighted to expand our presence in Glasgow where we now have over 600 rooms.“The hotel  our first with investment partners Union Investment  has been expertly developed at Glasgow’s Custom House  an iconic listed building that has been part of Glasgow City for 180 years. This truly stand-out property has been made possible through the hard work of our partners on the project – McAleer and Rushe who constructed the hotel on behalf of the developers Artisan Real Estate and our landlords Union Investment.“This is good news for Glasgow’s tourism sector  its business community and its overall economy. We have created 100 new jobs and have already assembled a great team under General Manager  Hazel Galloway who successfully led the team at Maldron Hotel Glasgow City previously. Many of the team have moved to the hotel from other Dalata hotels in the UK  but we have also welcomed many new local faces into the Dalata family as part of this hotel opening.”For more information about Clayton Hotel Glasgow City and to book your next stay visit www.claytonhotelglasgowcity.comAbout Dalata Hotel GroupDalata Hotel Group plc was founded in August 2007 and listed as a plc in March 2014. Dalata is Ireland’s largest hotel operator  with a growing presence in the UK and continental Europe. The Group’s portfolio comprises 50 three and four-star hotels with over 10 953 rooms and a pipeline of 1 125 rooms. The Group currently has 29 owned hotels  18 leased hotels and three management contracts. Dalata successfully operates Ireland’s two largest hotel brands  the Clayton and the Maldron Hotels. For the first six months of 2022  Dalata reported revenue of €220.2 million and a profit after tax of €46.7 million. Dalata is listed on the Main Market of Euronext Dublin (DHG) and the London Stock Exchange (DAL). For further information visit: www.dalatahotelgroup.comi https://glasgowtourismandvisitorplan.com/business-support/data-insights/,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.85,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['Clayton Hotel Glasgow City', 'Dalata Hotel Group', '50th Hotel', 'Grade A listed Custom House building', 'renowned OVO Hydro Arena', 'many new local faces', 'two largest hotel brands', 'investment partners Union Investment', 'sustainable international hotel company', 'Clayton Hotel Glasgow City', 'Maldron Hotel Glasgow City', 'iconic listed building', 'Custom House Bar', 'Dalata Hotel Group Plc', 'first Clayton hotel', 'Style Mile areas', 'Artisan Real Estate', 'first six months', 'eleven Clayton hotels', 'third largest city', 'largest hotel operator', 'stylish ultra-modern hotel', 'famed Buchanan Street', 'stand-out entertaining space', 'Scottish Event Campus', 'luxurious new hotel', 'six Maldron hotels', 'ambitious growth strategy', 'three management contracts', 'London Stock Exchange', 'other Dalata hotels', 'sustainable growth', 'historic building', 'new architecture', 'sustainable approach', '50th hotel', '17th hotel', 'Clyde Street', 'expansion strategy', 'stand-out property', 'event spaces', 'event facilities', 'four hotels', '100 new jobs', 'four-star hotels', '29 owned hotels', 'The Group', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'continental Europe', 'significant milestone', '4-star property', 'significant restoration', 'historical area', 'St Enoch', 'public area', 'striking juxtaposition', 'short stroll', 'easy access', 'Science Centre', 'high-spec meeting', 'attractive option', 'business guests', '303 spacious bedrooms', 'stunning cityscape', 'river views', 'seventh floor', 'private events', 'panoramic views', 'low-carbon technologies', 'BREEAM rating', 'energy demands', 'fossil fuels', 'strong mix', 'leisure demand', '2.5 million visitors', 'strong RevPAR', 'attractive market', 'Dermot Crowley', 'Chief Executive', 'hard work', 'good news', 'tourism sector', 'business community', 'General Manager', 'Hazel Galloway', 'Dalata family', 'next stay', 'Main Market', 'Euronext Dublin', 'hotel opening', 'experienced team', 'great team', 'overall economy', 'growing presence', 'UK market', 'excellent team', '50 three', '100 jobs', 'Ireland', 'Scotland', 'August', 'dedicated', 'construction', 'Brighton', 'Manchester', 'Liverpool', 'site', 'entrance', 'reception', 'ballroom', 'ceiling', 'Restaurant', '16 storeys', 'old', 'world', 'terrace', 'corporate', 'design', 'purpose', 'innovative', 'dependence', 'commitment', 'confidence', 'demonstration', '600 rooms', '180 years', 'project', 'McAleer', 'Rushe', 'behalf', 'developers', 'landlords', 'information', 'claytonhotelglasgowcity', 'March', 'portfolio', '10,953 rooms', 'pipeline', '1,125 rooms', 'revenue', 'profit', 'tax', 'DHG', 'dalatahotelgroup']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,businesswire.com
13893,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221128005755/en/Technip-Energies-Awarded-a-Contract-for-Sustainable-Aviation-Fuels-Production-at-TotalEnergies-Grandpuits-Zero-Crude-Platform-in-France,Technip Energies Awarded a Contract for Sustainable Aviation Fuels Production at TotalEnergies Grandpuits Zero-Crude Platform in France,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) has been awarded a contract by TotalEnergies for the production of Sustainable Aviation Fuels (SAF) at Grandpuits platform in France. This contract covers the Engineering  Procurement services and Constructi…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) has been awarded a contract by TotalEnergies for the production of Sustainable Aviation Fuels (SAF) at Grandpuits platform in France.This contract covers the Engineering  Procurement services and Construction assistance (EPsCa) for the conversion of the Grandpuits refinery into a zero-crude platform oriented towards SAF.Once in operation  this facility will have the capacity to produce 210 000 tons per year of SAF from sustainable feedstock such as used cooking oil and animal fat.Bhaskar Patel  SVP Sustainable Fuels  Chemicals and Circularity at Technip Energies declared: “We are pleased to have been selected by TotalEnergies for this project which is fully in line with Technip Energies’ strategy to accelerate the energy transition and the reduction of CO 2 emissions using SAF. We will leverage our technical expertise and execution capabilities to make this project a success and to contribute to TotalEnergies’ transformation strategy towards low-carbon businesses.”Conversion of TotalEnergies’ Grandpuits refinery into a zero-crude platform is based on the development of several future-oriented activities in the field of biomass  renewable energies  and the circular economy.To know more about Technip Energies capabilities in Biofuels:Our engineering and end-to-end project management expertise applies directly to the biofuels market  particularly for biofuel refineries. We offer a wide range of services and proprietary and partnership-based technologies  including biodiesel and biojet production technologies as well as ethanol first- and second-generation processes. We have extensive experience in the design and construction of bioethanol plants.Learn more: https://www.technipenergies.com/markets/biofuelsAbout Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO 2 management. The company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 34 countries  our 15 000 people are fully committed to bringing our client’s innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies is listed on Euronext Paris with American depositary receipts (“ADRs”) trading over-the-counter in the United States. For further information: www.technipenergies.com.Important Information for Investors and SecurityholdersForward-Looking StatementThis release contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements usually relate to future events and anticipated revenues  earnings  cash flows or other aspects of Technip Energies’ operations or operating results. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words “believe ” “expect ” “anticipate ” “plan ” “intend ” “foresee ” “should ” “would ” “could ” “may ” “estimate ” “outlook ” and similar expressions  including the negative thereof. The absence of these words  however  does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on Technip Energies’ current expectations  beliefs and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on Technip Energies. While Technip Energies believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made  there can be no assurance that future developments affecting Technip Energies will be those that Technip Energies anticipates.All of Technip Energies’ forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties (some of which are significant or beyond Technip Energies’ control) and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from Technip Energies’ historical experience and Technip Energies’ present expectations or projections. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.For information regarding known material factors that could cause actual results to differ from projected results  please see Technip Energies’ risk factors set forth in Technip Energies’ filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  which include amendment no. 4 to Technip Energies’ registration statement on Form F-1 filed on February 11  2021.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. Technip Energies undertakes no duty to and will not necessarily update any of the forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events  except to the extent required by applicable law.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.22,0.07,0.71,True,English,"['Sustainable Aviation Fuels Production', 'TotalEnergies Grandpuits Zero-Crude Platform', 'Technip Energies', 'Contract', 'France', 'United States Securities Exchange Act', 'United States Securities Act', 'robust project delivery model', 'Technip Energies’ present expectations', 'Technip Energies’ risk factors', 'Technip Energies’ registration statement', 'U.S. Securities', 'Technip Energies’ forward-looking statements', 'several future-oriented activities', 'Liquefied Natural Gas', 'American depositary receipts', 'Sustainable Aviation Fuels', 'SVP Sustainable Fuels', 'Technip Energies’ strategy', 'Technip Energies’ operations', 'Technip Energies’ control', 'Technip Energies’ filings', 'TotalEnergies’ transformation strategy', 'growing market positions', 'Technip Energies capabilities', 'biojet production technologies', 'project management expertise', 'TotalEnergies’ Grandpuits refinery', 'Exchange Commission', 'current expectations', 'material factors', 'renewable energies', 'sustainable feedstock', 'technical expertise', 'execution capabilities', 'partnership-based technologies', 'leadership positions', 'sustainable chemistry', 'CO 2 management', 'Grandpuits platform', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'zero-crude platform', 'cooking oil', 'animal fat', 'Bhaskar Patel', 'energy transition', 'CO 2 emissions', 'low-carbon businesses', 'circular economy', 'biofuel refineries', 'wide range', 'second-generation processes', 'extensive experience', 'bioethanol plants', 'extensive technology', 'innovative projects', 'future events', 'cash flows', 'other aspects', 'similar expressions', 'future developments', 'business conditions', 'potential effect', 'historical experience', 'Form F-1', 'applicable law', 'biofuels market', 'operating results', 'actual results', 'Procurement services', 'services offering', 'Construction assistance', 'leading Engineering', 'Technology company', 'green hydrogen', 'Euronext Paris', 'Important Information', 'Section 27A', 'new information', 'underlying assumptions', 'inherent risks', 'contract', 'SAF', 'France', 'EPsCa', 'conversion', 'facility', 'capacity', '210,000 tons', 'year', 'Chemicals', 'Circularity', 'line', 'reduction', 'field', 'biomass', 'end', 'proprietary', 'biodiesel', 'design', 'technipenergies', 'LNG', 'ethylene', 'blue', 'products', '34 countries', '15,000 people', 'client', 'life', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'ADRs', 'counter', 'Investors', 'Securityholders', 'release', 'revenues', 'earnings', 'words', 'outlook', 'absence', 'beliefs', 'assurance', 'uncertainties', 'projections', 'projected', 'February', 'date', 'duty', 'light', 'extent']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,businesswire.com
13894,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4113753.html,Orient Express Revelation Travels to Design Miami/,One month after its Parisian event  Orient Express Revelation: Once upon a time  there was the future Orient Express train  is heading to Miami from November 30 to December 4 for the 18th edition of the international Design Miami/ fair. Guests will discover t…,"One month after its Parisian event  Orient Express Revelation: Once upon a time  there was the future Orient Express train  is heading to Miami from November 30 to December 4 for the 18th edition of the international Design Miami/ fair. Guests will discover the legendary train via an original immersive experience complete with virtual reality.After Paris  the Orient Express legend unveils its secrets at the heart of a major international design fair: Design Miami/. At the crossroads of creativity and a healthy imagination  Orient Express has found the best setting to unveil the exclusive decor of a Presidential Suite that will mark the history of train travel and continue the Orient Express legend with authenticity and unparalleled luxury. Chairman and CEO of Accor Sébastien BazinOrient Express is bringing its virtual immersion concept to the United States for the first time ever at Design Miami and is inviting visitors to a new space  bathed in midnight blue  Orient Express' signature colour  and engraved with its signature star. It is a journey to discover the future Bar-Car and Restaurant-Car  the Suites and corridors of the train  and the exclusive revelation of the second chapter of the project: the Presidential Suite.Fascinated by the great revolutionary artistic movements and a lover of travel novels  architect Maxime d'Angeac has been carrying out prestigious restoration and decoration projects for major luxury houses (Daum  Hermès  Guerlain  etc.) for the past 20 years. ""The Orient Express Presidential Suite captures the essence of the future train "" he explained  adding: “It is a work carved out of excess  inspired by the geniuses and pioneers of Art Deco  Jacques-Émile Ruhlmann and Armand-Albert Rateau  and by the importance of refinement and the absolute finesse of detail. It is a Suite where travellers can experience history  extreme luxury and ultimate comfort all at once.""Occupying an entire train car of the former Nostalgie-Istanbul-Orient-Express  the Presidential Suite is a space of unprecedented dimensions: 69 feet long and 9 feet wide. The 55 square meter space was designed to accommodate a theatrical “4 Column room ” adorned with the most beautiful Lalique panels and a gas fireplace. The spacious bedroom offers more subtle decor  wrapped in embroidered velvet  decorated with custom-made furniture and is home to an elegant bathroom  a tribute to Albert-Armand Rateau and his work dedicated to Jeanne Lanvin.True to its heritage  the Presidential Suite opens onto a unique collector's item: an “LX” luxury cabin dating from 1929  with two beds  adorned with solid mahogany and Nelson and Prou marquetry  found aboard the Nostalgie-Istanbul-Orient-Express and fully restored. The ultimate surprise is the Cabinet de l'Égoïste  a secret room dedicated to good vibes and epicurean festivities.Source: AccorSource: AccorSource: AccorSource: AccorABOUT ORIENT EXPRESS  PART OF ACCORArtisan of travel since 1883  Orient Express sublimates the Art of Travel with its luxury trains  unique experiences  and collections of rare objects. And coming soon: its first hotels around the world  with the opening of Orient Express La Minerva in Rome and Orient Express Palazzo Donà Giovannelli in Venice in 2024. Another project has also been announced in Riyadh  the first city in the Middle East to announce the arrival of an Orient Express hotel. The luxury travel experience will continue with the launch of Orient Express La Dolce Vita and the return of the legendary Orient Express to railways.ABOUT DESIGN MIAMI/Design Miami/ connects the world by bringing together art galleries  designers  brands  experts  collectors and enthusiasts on three continents and presents design collaborations with renowned brands and houses. With its premier fairs at Art Basel Miami each December and Basel and Switzerland each June  Design Miami will invite visitors to share its design culture for the first time in Paris in October 2023. Design Miami is accessible 365 days a year on design-miami.com  a content-rich market-place that features works from leading art galleries and editorial and video content.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 230 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL – Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its global sustainability commitments (such as achieving Net Zero Carbon emissions by 2050  global elimination of single use plastics in its hotels' guest experience  etc.)  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticket: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.78,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['Orient Express Revelation', 'Design', 'Miami', 'Orient Express Palazzo Donà Giovannelli', 'Orient Express La Dolce Vita', 'The Orient Express Presidential Suite', 'great revolutionary artistic movements', ""architect Maxime d'Angeac"", 'Orient Express La Minerva', ""Orient Express' signature colour"", 'Accor Sébastien Bazin', 'future Orient Express train', 'major international design fair', 'world leading hospitality group', 'Orient Express legend', 'Orient Express hotel', 'Orient Express Revelation', 'legendary Orient Express', 'original immersive experience', 'Jacques-Émile Ruhlmann', 'beautiful Lalique panels', 'creative hospitality company', 'virtual immersion concept', 'theatrical “4 Column room', 'LX” luxury cabin', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'entire train car', 'leading art galleries', 'major luxury houses', '55 square meter space', 'economy hotel brands', 'international Design Miami', 'luxury travel experience', 'Art Basel Miami', 'signature star', 'Hermès', 'future train', 'legendary train', 'hospitality ecosystems', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'future Bar-Car', 'virtual reality', 'unparalleled luxury', 'exclusive revelation', 'extreme luxury', 'secret room', 'luxury trains', 'Art Deco', 'train travel', 'design collaborations', 'design culture', 'Parisian event', '18th edition', 'healthy imagination', 'best setting', 'exclusive decor', 'United States', 'new space', 'midnight blue', 'second chapter', 'prestigious restoration', 'decoration projects', 'past 20 years', 'Armand-Albert Rateau', 'absolute finesse', 'ultimate comfort', 'unprecedented dimensions', 'gas fireplace', 'spacious bedroom', 'subtle decor', 'embroidered velvet', 'custom-made furniture', 'elegant bathroom', 'Albert-Armand Rateau', 'Jeanne Lanvin', 'unique collector', 'two beds', 'solid mahogany', 'Prou marquetry', 'ultimate surprise', 'good vibes', 'epicurean festivities', 'unique experiences', 'rare objects', 'first hotels', 'first city', 'Middle East', 'three continents', 'renowned brands', 'premier fairs', 'content-rich market-place', 'video content', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'private residences', 'concierge services', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'global collective', 'founder-built brands', 'unrivalled portfolio', 'distinctive brands', '230,000 team memb', 'travel novels', 'first time', 'former Nostalgie-Istanbul-Orient-Express', 'accommodation properties', 'Accor Source', '5,300 properties', 'November', 'December', 'Guests', 'secrets', 'heart', 'crossroads', 'creativity', 'history', 'authenticity', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'visitors', 'journey', 'Restaurant-Car', 'Suites', 'corridors', 'lover', 'Daum', 'Guerlain', 'essence', 'excess', 'geniuses', 'pioneers', 'importance', 'refinement', 'detail', 'travellers', 'tribute', 'heritage', 'item', 'Nelson', 'Cabinet', 'PART', 'collections', 'opening', 'Rome', 'Venice', 'Riyadh', 'arrival', 'launch', 'return', 'railways', 'designers', 'experts', 'collectors', 'enthusiasts', 'Switzerland', 'October', 'works', 'editorial', '10,000 food', '110 countries', 'industry', 'diverse', 'midscale', 'entertainment', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore', 'purpose']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,hospitalitynet.org
13895,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/29/2564349/0/en/Solutions-30-refinances-and-extends-its-100-million-syndicated-loan.html,Solutions 30 refinances and extends its €100-million syndicated loan,Solutions 30 today closed on a new €100-million syndicated loan with seven banks.  Commenting on the announcement  the Group’s Chief Financial Officer......,English FrenchSolutions 30 today closed on a new €100-million syndicated loan with seven banks.Commenting on the announcement  the Group’s Chief Financial Officer Amaury Boilot said: “Our ability to secure this financing proves how strongly our main partner banks believe in our Group’s strategy and business model. This loan will help us to expand our activities  strengthen our competitive advantages  and preserve our ability to consolidate the market in the coming years.”This syndicated loan will help finance the strong growth expected for the Group’s activities outside France  where more than €800 million in contracts have been signed since the beginning of the year. It will also allow the Group to pursue its external growth strategy when macroeconomic conditions improve.Upcoming event2022 Q4 Revenue and 2022 Annual Revenue Reports | January 26  2023About Solutions 30 SEThe Solutions 30 group is the European leader in solutions for new technologies. Its mission is to make the technological developments that are transforming our daily lives accessible to everyone  individuals and businesses alike. Yesterday  it was computers and the Internet. Today  it’s digital technology. Tomorrow  it will be technologies that make the world even more interconnected in real time. With more than 50 million call-outs carried out since it was founded and a network of more than 15 000 local technicians  Solutions 30 currently covers all of France  Italy  Germany  the Netherlands  Belgium  Luxembourg  the Iberian Peninsula  the United Kingdom  and Poland. The share capital of Solutions 30 SE consists of 107 127 984 shares  equal to the number of theoretical votes that can be exercised.Solutions 30 SE is listed on the Euronext Paris exchange (ISIN FR0013379484- code S30). Indexes: MSCI Europe ex-UK Small Cap | SBF 120 | CAC Mid 60 | NEXT 150 | CAC Technology | CAC PME.Visit our website for more information: www.solutions30.comContactIndividual Shareholders:Investor Relations - Tel: +33 1 86 86 00 63 - shareholders@solutions30.comAnalysts/Investors:Nathalie Boumendil - Tel: +33 6 85 82 41 95 - nathalie.boumendil@solutions30.comPress - Image 7:Charlotte Le Barbier - Tel: +33 6 78 37 27 60 - clebarbier@image7.frLeslie Jung - Tel: +33 6 78 70 05 55 - ljung@image7.frAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.86,0.14,0.0,True,English,"['€100-million syndicated loan', 'Solutions', 'new €100-million syndicated loan', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Euronext Paris exchange', 'UK Small Cap', 'Charlotte Le Barbier', 'main partner banks', '2022 Annual Revenue Reports', 'English French Solutions', 'external growth strategy', 'The Solutions 30 group', 'seven banks', 'strong growth', '2022 Q4 Revenue', 'new technologies', 'Amaury Boilot', 'business model', 'competitive advantages', 'coming years', 'macroeconomic conditions', 'Upcoming event', 'Solutions 30 SE', 'European leader', 'technological developments', 'daily lives', 'digital technology', 'real time', '50 million call-outs', '15,000 local technicians', 'Iberian Peninsula', 'United Kingdom', 'share capital', 'theoretical votes', '4- code', 'MSCI Europe', 'CAC Mid', 'CAC Technology', 'CAC PME', 'Investor Relations', 'Leslie Jung', 'Individual Shareholders', 'Nathalie Boumendil', 'announcement', 'ability', 'financing', 'activities', 'market', 'France', 'contracts', 'beginning', 'January', 'mission', 'everyone', 'individuals', 'businesses', 'computers', 'Internet', 'world', 'network', 'Italy', 'Germany', 'Netherlands', 'Belgium', 'Luxembourg', 'Poland', '107,127,984 shares', 'number', 'Indexes', 'SBF', 'website', 'information', 'solutions30', 'Contact', 'Tel', 'Investors', 'Press', 'Image', 'clebarbier', 'Attachment', '33']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13896,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/29/2564166/0/en/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Biocartis-Announces-Successful-Rights-Offering.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Biocartis Announces Successful Rights Offering,PRESS RELEASE: INSIDE INFORMATION / REGULATED INFORMATION29 November 2022  15:15 CET  Biocartis Announces Successful Rights Offering: Existing...,"English DutchPRESS RELEASE: INSIDE INFORMATION / REGULATED INFORMATION29 November 2022  15:15 CETBiocartis Announces Successful Rights Offering:Existing Shareholders and New Investors Fully Subscribed for the Rights OfferingFollowing Successful Private Placement of the Scrips and Backstop UndertakingsMechelen  Belgium  29 November 2022 – Biocartis Group NV (the ""Company"" or ""Biocartis"")  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  today announces the successful closing of the private placement of scrips (the ""Scrips"") to institutional investors (the ""Scrips Private Placement"").Following the Scrips Private Placement and the public offering of maximum 33 476 932 new shares at an issue price per share of EUR 0.75 (the ""Offered Shares"") to existing shareholders of the Company and any holders of an extra-legal preferential right (the ""Preferential Right"") (such offering  the ""Rights Offering""  and together with the Scrips Private Placement  the ""Offering"")  75.75% of the Offered Shares have been subscribed for (of which 55.91% in the Rights Offering and 19.84% in the Scrips Private Placement). The remaining 24.25% of the Offered Shares will be subscribed for by certain new investors pursuant to the backstop undertakings described in the prospectus that has been prepared in connection with the Offering (the ""Prospectus""). As a result  100% of the Offering will have been subscribed and all of the 33 476 932 new shares will be issued.Herman Verrelst  Chief Executive Officer of Biocartis  commented: “We are very pleased with this fully subscribed rights offering that is the capstone in the comprehensive refinancing package we announced on 1 September 2022. Together with the new convertible term loan and the new convertible bonds  the rights offering brings EUR 66 million of gross proceeds  necessary to continue and execute our growth strategy towards profitability.""Based on the results of the Scrips Private Placement  there are no net proceeds (after deduction of costs) from the sale of Scrips. Therefore  as there are no net proceeds of the Scrips Private Placement (after deduction of costs)  the holders of Preferential Rights who have not exercised them are not entitled to receive any payment.Payment for the dematerialised Preferential Rights  the realisation of the capital increase and the listing of the Offered Shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels is expected to take place on 2 December 2022. After this capital increase  the number of issued shares in the Company will increase from 58 584 631 to 92 061 563. The Offered Shares are expected to become tradeable on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels on 2 December 2022.The trading of the Company's shares will resume after publication of this press release.The Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (the ""FSMA"") approved the English version of the Prospectus on 15 November 2022. The FSMA's approval does not imply any opinion by the FSMA on the suitability and the status of the Offered Shares  the Preferential Rights or the Scrips  or on the status of the Company  nor as an endorsement of the Company or of the quality of the Offered Shares  the Preferential Rights or the Scrips.KBC Securities NV (the ""Underwriter"") acts as Sole Global Coordinator and Sole Bookrunner of the Offering. Baker McKenzie acts as legal counsel to the Company  and NautaDutilh as legal counsel to the Underwriter.Additional information  subject to applicable legal restrictions  is available here: https://investors.biocartis.com/en/offering.--- END ---More information:Renate DegraveHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.WarningAn investment in shares entails significant risks. Relevant investors are encouraged to read the Prospectus published by the Company after approval by the FSMA. This document is not a prospectus and investors should not subscribe for or purchase any Securities referred to herein except on the basis of the information contained in the Prospectus. Potential investors must read the Prospectus before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the Securities. This announcement and the approval of the Prospectus should not be understood as an endorsement of the Securities offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market. The value of the Company's Securities can decrease as well as increase. Potential investors should consult a professional advisor as to the suitability of the offering for the person concerned.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Important informationThis announcement is not a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by The Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (each as amended) (the ""UK Prospectus Regulation"").THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND DOES NOT FORM PART OF ANY OFFER TO SELL OR PURCHASE  OR THE SOLICITATION OF ANY OFFER TO SELL OR PURCHASE  ANY SECURITIES. THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT AND THE OFFER  SUBSCRIPTION  SALE AND PURCHASE OF SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS MAY BE RESTRICTED BY LAW. ANY PERSONS READING THIS ANNOUNCEMENT SHOULD INFORM THEMSELVES OF AND OBSERVE ANY SUCH RESTRICTIONS.There shall be no offer  solicitation  sale  subscription  purchase or exchange of Shares  Preferential Rights or Scrips (collectively  the ""Securities"") in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation  sale  or purchase would be unlawful prior to registration  exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The Securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended from time to time (the ""U.S. Securities Act"") or the securities laws of any state of the United States  and may not be offered or sold in the United States unless these Securities are registered under the U.S. Securities Act  or an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act is available. Biocartis has not registered  and does not intend to register  any portion of the offering of the Securities concerned in the United States  and does not intend to conduct a public offering of Securities in the United States.In addition to the public in Belgium  this communication is only addressed to and directed at persons in member states of the European Economic Area (each a ""Member States"") and in the United Kingdom who are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and of the UK Prospectus Regulation  respectively (""Qualified Investors""). In addition  in the United Kingdom  this communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order"") or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). The Securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such Securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. This announcement cannot be used as a basis for any investment agreement or decision. Biocartis is not liable if the aforementioned restrictions are not complied with by any person.The date of completion of Offering may be influenced by things such as market conditions. There is no guarantee that such completion will occur and a potential investor should not base their financial decisions on the Company's intentions in relation to such completion at this stage.The Underwriter is acting for the Company and no one else in relation to the Offering  and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections offered to its clients nor for providing advice in relation to the Offering.The Company assumes responsibility for the information contained in this announcement. Neither the Underwriter nor any of its affiliates or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the truth  accuracy or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to the Company  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. The Underwriter and each of its affiliates accordingly disclaim  to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law  all and any liability whether arising in tort  contract or otherwise which they might otherwise be found to have in respect of this announcement or any such statement or information. No representation or warranty express or implied  is made by the Underwriter or any of its affiliates as to the accuracy  completeness  verification or sufficiency of the information set out in this announcement  and nothing in this announcement will be relied upon as a promise or representation in this respect  whether or not to the past or future.",neutral,0.13,0.87,0.0,mixed,0.55,0.16,0.29,True,English,"['Successful Rights Offering', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Press release', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'The Belgian Financial Services', 'new convertible term loan', 'English Dutch PRESS RELEASE', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'new convertible bonds', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'comprehensive refinancing package', 'KBC Securities NV', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'fastest growing segment', 'Sole Global Coordinator', 'Successful Private Placement', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'accurate molecular information', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'Scrips Private Placement', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'extra-legal preferential right', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Investor Relations Biocartis', 'applicable legal restrictions', 'maximum 33,476,932 new shares', 'individual Biocartis product', 'Successful Rights Offering', 'English version', 'molecular testing', 'successful closing', 'Sole Bookrunner', 'product labeling', 'New Investors', 'legal counsel', 'Preferential Rights', 'The Biocartis', 'The FSMA', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Backstop Undertakings', 'Euronext Brussels', 'issue price', 'Herman Verrelst', 'gross proceeds', 'growth strategy', 'net proceeds', 'capital increase', 'regulated market', 'Markets Authority', 'Baker McKenzie', 'Additional information', 'More information', 'Renate Degrave', 'Corporate Communications', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'based system', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'liver cancer', 'United States', 'other countries', 'Idylla™ trademark', 'institutional investors', 'public offering', 'Offered Shares', 'existing shareholders', 'universal access', 'November', '15:15 CET', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'prospectus', 'connection', 'result', 'capstone', '1 September', 'profitability', 'deduction', 'costs', 'sale', 'payment', 'realisation', 'listing', '2 December', 'number', 'trading', 'publication', 'approval', 'opinion', 'suitability', 'status', 'endorsement', 'quality', 'Underwriter', 'NautaDutilh', 'Head', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'sample', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'lung', 'COVID', 'Flu', 'RSV', 'sepsis', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'trademarks', 'Europe', 'logo', 'uses', '29', '55.', '19.']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13897,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/29/2563660/0/en/Genomic-Vision-s-cutting-edge-TeloSizer-application-to-be-used-in-cancer-research.html,Genomic Vision’s cutting-edge TeloSizer® application to be used in cancer research,GENOMICS | GENETICS | R&D | DIAGNOSIS TESTS  Genomic Vision’s cutting-edge TeloSizer® application to be used in cancer research  Genomic Vision...,GENOMICS | GENETICS | R&D | DIAGNOSIS TESTSGenomic Vision’s cutting-edge TeloSizer® application to be used in cancer researchGenomic Vision and CNRS launch a core oncology program with the Cancer Research Center of Marseille to develop companion tests based on TeloSizer®Bagneux (France) – Genomic Vision (FR0011799907 – GV  the “Company”)  a Euronext-listed biotechnology company that develops tools and services for the highly accurate characterization of DNA sequences  is pleased to announce a collaboration with the Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS)  the French state research organization  to launch a four-year core scientific program with the Cancer Research Center of Marseille (CRCM) for the development of companion diagnostic tests using Genomic Vision’s TeloSizer® application.Telomeres are repetitive nucleotide sequences that form the ends of linear chromosomes. TeloSizer® allows for high precision measurement of telomere length and distribution to uncover links between telomere length and the onset and severity of diseases such as cancer and age-associated diseases.Learn more about TeloSizer® by visualizing the video https://info.genomicvision.com/TeloSizer.“Genomic Vision continues to apply its innovative technologies for the benefit of patients and this collaboration with CNRS is an important milestone. We are pioneering the use of telomere length as a disease biomarker and this will contribute to cancer research.” said Thierry Huet  Ph.D.  Research and Development Director of Genomic Vision. “Telomere instability is a well-known hallmark of cancer. With TeloSizer  we can accurately visualize and measure telomeres length”.Christophe Lachaud  Group Leader at CRCM  commented: “We are very excited to utilize Genomic Vision’s TeloSizer application to develop highly accurate companion tests that will benefit patients. TeloSizer offers greater accuracy and more information compared to other telomere measurement methods.” Vincent Geli  Deputy Director of CRCM expert in telomeres added  “TeloSizer will provide new information on individual telomere length and their distribution ”.New tests will be developed as part of a four-year core scientific program collaboration set up between Genomic Vision and the CRCM and will utilize Genomic Vision’s DNA combing technology and TeloSizer application. The program will employ scientific teams across the institute and will examine telomere length heterogeneity across different samples to uncover novel leukemia-specific telomere characteristics. Actionable insights from the project will be used for the development of personalize medicine approaches based on telomere morphology. This project is part of the CRCM/IPC project supported by the OPALE Carnot Institute  a preferred partner to the healthcare Industry for research and development of innovative solutions aimed at diagnostic  treatment and follow-up of patients with leukemia  the blood cancer with the highest mortality rate  but also the leading cancer in children.About Genomic VisionGENOMIC VISION is a biotechnology company developing products and services dedicated to the analysis (structural and functional) of genome modifications as well as to the quality and safety control of these modifications  in particular in genome editing technologies and biomanufacturing processes. Genomic Vision proprietary tools  based on DNA combing technology and artificial intelligence  provide robust quantitative measurements needed for high confidence characterization of DNA alteration in the genome. These tools are also used for monitoring DNA replication in cancerous cell  for early cancer detection and the diagnosis of genetic diseases. Genomic Vision  based near Paris in Bagneux  is a public listed company listed in compartment C of Euronext’s regulated market in Paris (Euronext: GV – ISIN: FR0011799907).For further information  please visit www.genomicvision.com.About CRCMThe CRCM is affiliated with Inserm (UMR1068)  the CNRS (UMR7258)  the Aix-Marseille University (UM105) and the Institut Paoli-Calmettes (IPC). As a pioneer in the fight against cancer  the Marseille Cancer Research Center has been making every efforts for 50 years to obtain a better understanding of the major biological mechanisms that are responsible for the disease and to translate them into medical innovations. By maintaining its efforts to characterize dysfunctions of the cancerous cell and immune system  the CRCM works alongside the IPC in a sustainable approach to improving patient care and quality of life  through the identification of new treatments.For further information  please visit https://www.crcm-marseille.fr/en/the-crcm-celebrates-its-50th-anniversary/Genomic VisionAaron BensimonCEOPhone: +33 1 49 08 07 51Email: investisseurs@genomicvision.comConsilium Strategic CommunicationsInternational Investor Relations& Strategic CommunicationsTel: +44 (0) 20 3709 5700GenomicVision@consilium-comms.comUlysse CommunicationMedia RelationsBruno ArabianTél. : +33 1 42 68 29 70barabian@ulysse-communication.comNewCapInvestor relationsPhone: +33 1 44 71 94 94Email: gv@newcap.euMember of the CAC® Mid & Small and CAC® All-Tradable indicesFORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTThis press release contains implicitly or explicitly certain forward-looking statements concerning Genomic Vision and its business. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Genomic Vision considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that such forward-looking statements will be verified  which statements are subject to numerous risks  including the risks set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the universal registration document filed with the AMF on April 14  2022 under reference number R.22-0293  as updated by the amendment filed with the AMF on May 20  2022  under number D.22-0293-A01  available on the web site of Genomic Vision (www.genomicvision.com) and to the development of economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Genomic Vision operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Genomic Vision or not currently considered material by Genomic Vision. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause actual results  financial conditions  performance or achievements of Genomic Vision to be materially different from such forward-looking statements.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute and should not be construed as an offer or an invitation to sell or subscribe  or the solicitation of any order or invitation to purchase or subscribe for Genomic Vision shares in any country. The distribution of this press release in certain countries may be a breach of applicable laws. The persons in possession of this press release must inquire about any local restrictions and comply with these restrictions.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.33,0.17,0.5,True,English,"['cutting-edge TeloSizer® application', 'Genomic Vision', 'cancer research', 'Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique', 'four-year core scientific program collaboration', 'Ulysse Communication Media Relations', 'novel leukemia-specific telomere characteristics', 'French state research organization', 'other telomere measurement methods', 'core oncology program', 'Genomic Vision proprietary tools', 'Marseille Cancer Research Center', 'high precision measurement', 'International Investor Relations', 'highest mortality rate', 'robust quantitative measurements', 'major biological mechanisms', 'Aaron Bensimon CEO', 'repetitive nucleotide sequences', 'high confidence characterization', 'DNA combing technology', 'public listed company', 'early cancer detection', 'individual telomere length', 'telomere length heterogeneity', 'OPALE Carnot Institute', 'Consilium Strategic Communications', 'Euronext-listed biotechnology company', 'accurate companion tests', 'genome editing technologies', 'companion diagnostic tests', 'cutting-edge TeloSizer® application', 'scientific teams', 'accurate characterization', 'DNA sequences', 'Telomere instability', 'telomere morphology', 'innovative technologies', 'New tests', 'DNA alteration', 'DNA replication', 'blood cancer', 'leading cancer', 'R&D', 'linear chromosomes', 'important milestone', 'Thierry Huet', 'Ph.D.', 'Christophe Lachaud', 'Group Leader', 'greater accuracy', 'Vincent Geli', 'Deputy Director', 'different samples', 'Actionable insights', 'medicine approaches', 'preferred partner', 'healthcare Industry', 'innovative solutions', 'safety control', 'biomanufacturing processes', 'artificial intelligence', 'cancerous cell', 'compartment C', 'Aix-Marseille University', 'Institut Paoli-Calmettes', 'medical innovations', 'immune system', 'sustainable approach', 'patient care', 'new treatments', 'Bruno Arabian', 'Tél', 'DIAGNOSIS TESTS', 'TeloSizer application', 'age-associated diseases', 'telomeres length', 'genetic diseases', 'disease biomarker', 'genome modifications', 'CRCM/IPC project', 'CRCM expert', 'The CRCM', 'Development Director', 'new information', 'GENETICS', 'CNRS', 'Bagneux', 'France', 'GV', 'services', 'ends', 'distribution', 'links', 'onset', 'severity', 'video', 'genomicvision', 'benefit', 'patients', 'use', 'hallmark', 'highly', 'follow-up', 'children', 'products', 'analysis', 'structural', 'functional', 'quality', 'Paris', 'market', 'ISIN', 'Inserm', 'pioneer', 'fight', 'efforts', '50 years', 'understanding', 'dysfunctions', 'life', 'identification', 'crcm-marseille', '50th-anniversary', 'Phone', 'Email', 'investisseurs', '44']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13898,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/29/2563644/0/en/Atos-named-AWS-GSI-Partner-of-the-Year-EMEA.html,Atos named AWS GSI Partner of the Year - EMEA,Atos named AWS GSI Partner of the Year - EMEA    AWS recognizes AWS Partners around the globe as leaders in helping customers drive innovation  ...,French EnglishAtos named AWS GSI Partner of the Year - EMEAAWS recognizes AWS Partners around the globe as leaders in helping customers drive innovationParis  France – November 29  2022 - Atos today announces that it has been selected as the winner for GSI1 Partner of the Year - EMEA by Amazon Web Services (AWS). This award recognizes Atos’ key role helping customers drive innovation and build solutions on AWS.Announced during a Partner Awards Gala at re:Invent  AWS Partner Awards recognize a wide range of AWS Partners  whose business models have embraced specialization  innovation  and collaboration over the past year. AWS Partner Awards recognize partners whose business models continue to evolve and thrive on AWS as they work with customers. In 2022  Atos supported its EMEA customers  leaders in their respective markets across the public and private sector  to run on AWS  in order to modernize critical workloads  secure everything at scale  modernize their business  implement new ways of working and unlock their potential for action to drive progress towards their net zero targets.“Atos is tremendously proud to be named AWS GSI Partner of the Year. This is a major recognition by AWS of our strong relationship and ability to support customers in their move towards large scale  all encompassing  transformation initiatives that deliver the power of cloud ” said Michael Liebow  Head of Atos OneCloud. “As a Global Systems Integrator with strong cloud-native capabilities brought by Cloudreach acquired earlier this year and that are now merged with our end-to-end service offering  Atos helps customers take full advantage of the business benefits AWS has to offer.”For the first time  AWS Partner Awards included a self-nomination process across a number of award categories and specialization areas awarded at both the regional and global level where all AWS Partners were invited to participate and submit a nomination.The AWS Partner Network (APN)  is a global partner program  focused on helping partners build successful AWS-based businesses or solutions by providing business  technical  marketing  and go-to-market support. The APN includes independent software vendors (ISVs) and systems integrators (SIs) around the world  with AWS Partner participation growing significantly during the past 12 months.“AWS Partners are at the center of unlocking value for global customers  across a wide range of industries ” said Ruba Borno  Vice President  Worldwide Channels and Alliances  AWS. “We are honored to launch the inaugural global 2022 AWS Partner Awards  and thank all the nominees and winners for accelerating our customers’ cloud transformation journey.”A panel of AWS experts selected the winners based on the below criteria: the GSI Partner of the Year EMEA Award recognizes Atos as an AWS top GSI partners that has provided significant contributions related to revenue  launched opportunities  net new certified individuals  and AWS designations earned.***About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 112 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 71 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is a SE (Societas Europaea) and listed on Euronext Paris.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.Press ContactAtos - Isabelle Grangé | isabelle.grange@atos.net | +33 (0) 6 64 56 74 881 Global Systems IntegratorAttachment,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['AWS GSI Partner', 'Atos', 'Year', 'EMEA', 'inaugural global 2022 AWS Partner Awards', 'net new certified individuals', '1 Global Systems Integrator Attachment', 'The AWS Partner Network', 'AWS top GSI partners', 'customers’ cloud transformation journey', 'net zero targets', 'Partner Awards Gala', 'global partner program', 'successful AWS-based businesses', 'independent software vendors', 'high performance computing', 'strong cloud-native capabilities', 'AWS Partner participation', 'Amazon Web Services', 'end service offering', 'AWS GSI Partner', 'secure information space', 'Year EMEA Award', 'GSI1 Partner', 'new ways', 'global level', 'systems integrators', 'global leader', 'transformation initiatives', 'digital transformation', 'global customers', 'strong relationship', 'The APN', 'AWS Partners', 'AWS experts', 'AWS designations', 'French English', 'key role', 'wide range', 'respective markets', 'private sector', 'critical workloads', 'major recognition', 'Michael Liebow', 'full advantage', 'first time', 'self-nomination process', 'award categories', 'technical, marketing', 'market support', 'past 12 months', 'Ruba Borno', 'Vice President', 'Worldwide Channels', 'significant contributions', 'decarbonization services', 'decarbonized digital', 'Societas Europaea', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'Press Contact', 'Isabelle Grangé', 'business models', 'business benefits', 'past year', 'specialization areas', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'Euronext Paris', 'end solutions', 'EMEA customers', 'Atos OneCloud', 'large scale', 'globe', 'leaders', 'innovation', 'France', 'November', 'winner', 'Invent', 'collaboration', 'public', 'order', 'everything', 'potential', 'action', 'progress', 'ability', 'move', 'power', 'Head', 'Cloudreach', 'regional', 'ISVs', 'SIs', 'center', 'value', 'industries', 'Alliances', 'nominees', 'panel', 'criteria', 'opportunities', '112,000 employees', 'cybersecurity', 'Group', 'tailored', '71 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'future', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'members', 'societies', 'safe', 'grange']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13899,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/29/2563712/0/en/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Biocartis-Announces-55-91-of-Offered-Shares-Subscribed-at-Closing-of-Rights-Subscription-Period-for-Holders-of-Preferential-Rights-and-Start-of-Sal.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Biocartis Announces 55.91% of Offered Shares Subscribed at Closing of Rights Subscription Period for Holders of Preferential Rights  and Start of Sale of Scrips through Private Placement to Inst. Investors,PRESS RELEASE: INSIDE INFORMATION / REGULATED INFORMATION  29 November 2022  10:30 CET  Biocartis Announces 55.91% of Offered Shares Subscribed at...,"English DutchPRESS RELEASE: INSIDE INFORMATION / REGULATED INFORMATION29 November 2022  10:30 CETBiocartis Announces 55.91% of Offered Shares Subscribed at Closing of the Rights Subscription Period for Holders of Preferential Rights  and Start of the Sale of the Scrips through a Private Placement to Institutional InvestorsWarning: An investment in the Company's ordinary shares (the ""Shares""  including the Offered Shares (as defined below) and the new Shares issuable upon conversion of the Existing Convertible Bonds  upon conversion of the New Convertible Bonds  and upon contribution in kind of the payables under the new secured loan agreement (as amended from time to time) that was announced on 1 September 2022 (""New Shares""))  the Preferential Rights and/or the Scrips (all as defined below) involves substantial risks and uncertainties and the investors could lose their investment. Prospective investors should read the entire prospectus that has been prepared by the Company in the context of the Offering (the ""Prospectus"")  and  in particular  should refer to the chapter ""Risk Factors"" for a discussion of certain factors that should be considered in connection with an investment in the Shares  the Preferential Rights and/or the Scrips. Within each category of risk factors  the risks estimated to be the most material are presented first. The Company refers in particular to the risks that Biocartis does not have sufficient working capital to fund its operations and development activities  that Biocartis has incurred operating losses  negative operating cash flow and an accumulated deficit since inception and may never become profitable  that the commercial success of Biocartis will depend on the continued growth in market acceptance of the Idylla™ platform  the menu of Idylla™ and partner tests it offers and the relevance thereof  that Biocartis' past growth is not indicative (nor a guarantee) of future growth  that it may be unable to manage its growth effectively  and that it may not be successful in further growing its commercialization infrastructure  that any future capital increases by the Company (as the case may be  in the context of the comprehensive recapitalization transactions referred to in the Prospectus  that have been announced on 1 September 2022 (which could result in a dilution of existing shareholders of the Company of up to 80.97%)) could have a negative impact on the price of the Shares and could dilute the interests of existing shareholders  and that Biocartis might require substantial additional funding to respond to business challenges  take advantage of new business opportunities or repay or refinance its outstanding convertible bonds  which may not be available on acceptable terms  or at all. Potential investors should note that comments regarding material uncertainty regarding the Company's going concern were included in the reports of the Company's statutory auditor on the latest annual and interim financial statements. All of these factors should be considered before investing in the Shares (including the Offered Shares and the New Shares)  the Preferential Rights and/or the Scrips. Prospective investors must be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Shares (including the Offered Shares and the New Shares)  Preferential Rights and/or the Scrips  and should be able to sustain a partial or total loss of their investment. Each decision to invest in the Shares  Preferential Rights and/or the Scrips must be based on all information provided in the Prospectus.Mechelen  Belgium  29 November 2022 – Biocartis Group NV (the ""Company"" or ""Biocartis"")  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  today announces that 18 718 468 new shares or 55.91% of the maximum 33 476 932 new shares it offered as part of a public offering to existing shareholders of the Company and any holders of an extra-legal preferential right (the ""Preferential Right"") (such offering  the ""Rights Offering"") for a maximum amount of EUR 25 107 699.00  were subscribed for at an issue price of EUR 0.75 per new ordinary Share (the ""Offered Shares"")  on the basis of 4 Offered Shares per 7 Preferential Rights. The rights subscription period for the Offered Shares started on 17 November 2022 and closed on 28 November 2022  at 4 p.m. CET (the ""Rights Subscription Period"").The 25 827 312 Preferential Rights  represented by coupon n°1  that have not been exercised during or at the end of the Rights Subscription Period were converted into an equal number of scrips (the ""Scrips""). These Scrips will be offered for sale through a private placement to institutional investors (the ""Scrips Private Placement"" and together with the Rights Offering  the ""Offering""). This sale through the Scrips Private Placement will start today and is expected to end today.Purchasers of Scrips in the Scrips Private Placement must irrevocably undertake to subscribe for the corresponding number of Offered Shares in the Company at EUR 0.75 per Offered Share at the ratio of 4 Offered Shares per 7 Preferential Rights under the form of Scrips.The net proceeds of the sale of the Scrips (the ""Net Scrips Proceeds"") (if any) will be divided proportionally between all holders of Preferential Rights who have not exercised them. If the Net Scrips Proceeds are less than EUR 0.01 per unexercised Preferential Right  the holders of Preferential Rights who have not exercised them are not entitled to receive any payment and  instead  the Net Scrips Proceeds will be transferred to the Company.The results of the Scrips Private Placement  the global results of the Offering and the amount due to holders of unexercised Preferential Rights (if any) are expected to be announced in a press release later today  which will be available on https://investors.biocartis.com/en/offering and https://investors.biocartis.com/en/press-releases. At the request of the Company  the trading of its shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels has been suspended until the publication of such press release which is expected to be made later today.The payment of the subscriptions in the Scrips Private Placement is expected to take place on or around 2 December 2022 and will be made by delivery against payment.Delivery of the Offered Shares will take place on or around 2 December 2022. The Offered Shares will be delivered under the form of dematerialized Shares (booked into the securities account of the subscriber) or as registered Shares recorded in the Company's share register. The Offered Shares are expected to become tradeable on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels on 2 December 2022.As described in the Prospectus  in connection with the Offering  the Company has obtained undertakings (the ""Backstop Commitments"") from certain new investors  pursuant to which these new investors have committed to subscribe for Offered Shares in the event that the Offering is not fully subscribed during the Rights Subscription Period or in the context of the Scrips Private Placement  and this for an amount of up to EUR 10.6 million  corresponding to approximately 42.22% of the Offering  subject to the terms and conditions set out in the relevant commitment letters. The Backstop Commitments are irrevocable and unconditional  subject however  to the completion of the Offering. The Company also entered into an underwriting agreement (the ""Underwriting Agreement"") with KBC Securities NV (as 'Sole Global Coordinator' and 'Sole Bookrunner') (the ""Underwriter"")  pursuant to which the Underwriter has agreed to subscribe for any Offered Shares that are not subscribed for in the Offering and that are not underwritten by new investors pursuant to the terms of the aforementioned Backstop Commitments  up to a maximum amount of EUR 14 507 699.00. Together  the Backstop Commitments and the commitment under the Underwriting Agreement allow for the subscription for 100% of the Offered Shares to be issued in the Offering. No investor has been granted any preferential rights or rights of first refusal in priority to any participant in the Scrips Private Placement.The Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (the ""FSMA"") approved the English version of the Prospectus on 15 November 2022. The FSMA's approval does not imply any opinion by the FSMA on the suitability and the status of the Offered Shares  the Preferential Rights or the Scrips  or on the status of the Company  nor as an endorsement of the Company or of the quality of the Offered Shares  the Preferential Rights or the Scrips.Additional information  subject to applicable legal restrictions  is available here: https://investors.biocartis.com/en/offering.--- END ---More information:Renate DegraveHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.WarningAn investment in shares entails significant risks. Relevant investors are encouraged to read the Prospectus published by the Company after approval by the FSMA. This document is not a prospectus and investors should not subscribe for or purchase any Securities referred to herein except on the basis of the information contained in the Prospectus. Potential investors must read the Prospectus before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the Securities. This announcement and the approval of the Prospectus should not be understood as an endorsement of the Securities offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market. The value of the Company's Securities can decrease as well as increase. Potential investors should consult a professional advisor as to the suitability of the intended offering for the person concerned.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Important informationThis announcement is not a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by The Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (each as amended) (the ""UK Prospectus Regulation"").THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND DOES NOT FORM PART OF ANY OFFER TO SELL OR PURCHASE  OR THE SOLICITATION OF ANY OFFER TO SELL OR PURCHASE  ANY SECURITIES. THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT AND THE OFFER  SUBSCRIPTION  SALE AND PURCHASE OF SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS MAY BE RESTRICTED BY LAW. ANY PERSONS READING THIS ANNOUNCEMENT SHOULD INFORM THEMSELVES OF AND OBSERVE ANY SUCH RESTRICTIONS.There shall be no offer  solicitation  sale  subscription  purchase or exchange of Shares  Preferential Rights or Scrips (collectively  the ""Securities"") in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation  sale  or purchase would be unlawful prior to registration  exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The Securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended from time to time (the ""U.S. Securities Act"") or the securities laws of any state of the United States  and may not be offered or sold in the United States unless these Securities are registered under the U.S. Securities Act  or an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act is available. Biocartis has not registered  and does not intend to register  any portion of the offering of the Securities concerned in the United States  and does not intend to conduct a public offering of Securities in the United States.In addition to the public in Belgium  this communication is only addressed to and directed at persons in member states of the European Economic Area (each a ""Member States"") and in the United Kingdom who are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and of the UK Prospectus Regulation  respectively (""Qualified Investors""). In addition  in the United Kingdom  this communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order"") or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). The Securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such Securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. This announcement cannot be used as a basis for any investment agreement or decision. Biocartis is not liable if the aforementioned restrictions are not complied with by any person.The date of completion of Offering may be influenced by things such as market conditions. There is no guarantee that such completion will occur and a potential investor should not base their financial decisions on the Company's intentions in relation to such completion at this stage.The Underwriter is acting for the Company and no one else in relation to the intended Offering  and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections offered to its clients nor for providing advice in relation to the intended Offering.The Company assumes responsibility for the information contained in this announcement. Neither the Underwriter nor any of its affiliates or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the truth  accuracy or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to the Company  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. The Underwriter and each of its affiliates accordingly disclaim  to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law  all and any liability whether arising in tort  contract or otherwise which they might otherwise be found to have in respect of this announcement or any such statement or information. No representation or warranty express or implied  is made by the Underwriter or any of its affiliates as to the accuracy  completeness  verification or sufficiency of the information set out in this announcement  and nothing in this announcement will be relied upon as a promise or representation in this respect  whether or not to the past or future.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.2,0.79,True,English,"['Rights Subscription Period', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Preferential Rights', 'Press release', 'Private Placement', 'Shares', 'Closing', 'Holders', 'Sale', 'Scrips', 'Inst.', 'Investors', 'new secured loan agreement', 'negative operating cash flow', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'sufficient working capital', 'comprehensive recapitalization transactions', 'interim financial statements', 'future capital increases', 'substantial additional funding', 'outstanding convertible bonds', 'Rights Subscription Period', 'new business opportunities', 'New Convertible Bonds', 'extra-legal preferential right', 'Institutional Investors Warning', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'new ordinary Share', 'Scrips Private Placement', 'maximum 33,476,932 new shares', 'operating losses', 'negative impact', 'business challenges', 'maximum amount', 'Preferential Rights', 'future growth', '18,718,468 new shares', 'ordinary shares', 'English Dutch', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Prospective investors', 'most material', 'development activities', 'commercial success', 'market acceptance', 'commercialization infrastructure', 'existing shareholders', 'acceptable terms', 'Potential investors', 'material uncertainty', 'going concern', 'statutory auditor', 'latest annual', 'economic risk', 'total loss', 'Euronext Brussels', 'equal number', 'corresponding number', 'substantial risks', 'Rights Offering', 'continued growth', 'past growth', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Offered Shares', 'These Scrips', 'Risk Factors', 'Idylla™ platform', 'public offering', 'issue price', 'entire prospectus', 'November', '10:30 CET', 'Closing', 'Sale', 'investment', 'conversion', 'contribution', 'kind', 'payables', 'time', '1 September', 'uncertainties', 'context', 'chapter', 'discussion', 'connection', 'category', 'operations', 'deficit', 'inception', 'menu', 'partner', 'relevance', 'guarantee', 'case', 'dilution', 'interests', 'advantage', 'comments', 'reports', 'partial', 'decision', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'basis', 'coupon', 'end', 'Purchasers']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13900,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/29/2563646/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6573 £ 24.2846 Estimated MTD return -1.62 % -1.52 % Estimated YTD return -5.28 % -4.03 % Estimated ITD return 176.57 % 142.85 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.01 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.64 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.7159 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.5344The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13901,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/29/2563649/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 28 Nov 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.6573 £ 24.2846 Estimated MTD return -1.62 % -1.52 % Estimated YTD return -5.28 % -4.03 % Estimated ITD return 176.57 % 142.85 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 22.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -19.01 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -17.64 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 303 450 130 254 Held in treasury 9 664 N/A Shares Issued 12 313 114 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 241.7159 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 129.5344The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'US Investment Company Act', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'N/A Shares', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13902,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/29/2563927/0/en/Incannex-Engages-Eurofins-to-Manufacture-ReneCann-Therapeutic-Topical-Application-for-Immune-Disordered-Skin-Diseases.html,Incannex Engages Eurofins to Manufacture ReneCann Therapeutic Topical Application for Immune Disordered Skin Diseases,MELBOURNE  Australia  Nov. 29  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Incannex Healthcare Limited (Nasdaq: IXHL) (ASX: IHL)  (‘Incannex’ or the ‘Company’) a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company developing medicinal cannabinoid and psychedelic therapies for unmet medical n…,"MELBOURNE  Australia  Nov. 29  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Incannex Healthcare Limited (Nasdaq: IXHL) (ASX: IHL)  (‘Incannex’ or the ‘Company’) a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company developing medicinal cannabinoid and psychedelic therapies for unmet medical needs  is delighted to announce that it has engaged multinational contract development and manufacturing organisation (CDMO) Eurofins Scientific (‘Eurofins’) to manufacture ReneCann therapeutic for topical applications.ReneCann is Incannex’s proprietary topical cannabinoid formulation for treatment of dermatological conditions caused by disorders of the immune system  including vitiligo  psoriasis  and atopic dermatitis  otherwise known as eczema. The ReneCann formulation is commercially protected by granted and pending patents acquired by Incannex as part of the APIRx acquisition that was finalised in August of 2022.The unique formulation combines Cannabigerol (‘CBG’) and Cannabidiol (‘CBD’). CBG is a non-psychoactive cannabinoid with potent anti-inflammatory properties. A previous version of ReneCann was used in an in-human proof of concept study with dosing over a 6-week period. The study was conducted at the Maurits Clinic  The Netherlands  and led by a world-renowned dermatologist Dr. Marcus Meinardi  MD  PhD.In the study  ReneCann reduced disease scores in patients with each of the target skin diseases. Patients with vitiligo  psoriasis and atopic dermatitis were observed to experience improvements in symptoms of 10%  33% and 22% respectively.In particular  the results for study participants with vitiligo are highly encouraging  partly because the incidence of the disease is high at 0.5-1.0% of the global population and treatments for it are limited. Vitiligo is observed when pigment-producing cells (melanocytes) stop producing melanin  causing the loss of skin colour in patches and the discoloured areas generally become larger over time. ReneCann was associated with diffuse re-pigmentation (usually perifollicular or from the borders of the lesion) and efficacy lasted for weeks eventually before pigmentation recurred.The ReneCann Drug product that is produced by Eurofins CDMO will be used in clinical trials confirming the safety and therapeutic effect of ReneCann in vitiligo  psoriasis  and atopic dermatitis. Data on the quality and stability of ReneCann generated as part of this project at Eurofins will be used in the chemistry and manufacturing control modules of future regulatory packages with the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA). ReneCann also has the potential to be assessed for efficacy in other diseases where topical application may provide a benefit over conventional oral dosed cannabinoid formulations.Dr Mark Bleackley  chief scientific officer of Incannex  said: “The production of ReneCann adds a new route of cannabinoid delivery to the Incannex portfolio  opening the possibility for direct application of cannabinoid medicines to affected areas in dermatological conditions. ReneCann is also Incannex’s first product to incorporate CBG  a minor cannabinoid. Expansion into minor cannabinoids provides us the opportunity to explore different activity profiles of this diverse family of molecules across a range of new therapeutic areas”.About Eurofins ScientificEurofins Scientific through its subsidiaries is the world leader in food  environment  pharmaceutical and cosmetic product testing  discovery pharmacology  forensics  advanced material sciences  and in agroscience Contract Research services. It is also one of the global independent market leaders in genomics and in the support of clinical studies  as well as in BioPharma Contract Development and Manufacturing. In addition  Eurofins is one of the key emerging players in specialty esoteric and molecular clinical diagnostic testing in Europe and the USA. With over 61 000 staff across a network of more than 1 000 independent companies in 59 countries and operating 940 laboratories  Eurofins offers a portfolio of over 200 000 analytical methods for evaluating the safety  identity  composition  authenticity  origin and purity of biological substances and products  as well as for innovative clinical diagnostics. The objective of Eurofins companies is to provide their customers with high-quality services  accurate results on time and expert advice by their highly qualified staff.Eurofins is listed on the Paris Euronext exchange with a market valuation of approximately 13B Eurodollars. Incannex is investigating the use of Eurofins to develop and manufacture additional drug candidates acquired via the acquisition of APIRx Pharmaceuticals.This announcement has been approved for release to ASX by the Incannex Board of Directors.About Incannex Healthcare LimitedIncannex is a clinical stage pharmaceutical development company that is developing unique medicinal cannabis pharmaceutical products and psychedelic medicine therapies for the treatment of obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA)  traumatic brain injury (TBI) and concussion  lung inflammation (ARDS  COPD  asthma  bronchitis)  rheumatoid arthritis  inflammatory bowel disease  anxiety disorders  addiction disorders  and pain  among other indications.U.S. FDA approval and registration  subject to ongoing clinical success  is being pursued for each drug and therapy under development. Each indication under investigation currently has no  or limited  existing registered pharmacotherapy (drug) treatments available to the public and represent major global economic opportunities to Incannex and its shareholders.Incannex has a strong patent filing strategy in place as it develops its products and therapies in conjunction with its medical and scientific advisory board and partners. The Company holds 19 granted patents and 30 pending patents. Incannex is listed on the Australian Stock Exchange (ASX) with stock code “IHL” and has American Depository Shares listed on NASDAQ under code “IXHL”.Website: www.incannex.com.auInvestors: investors@incannex.com.auForward-looking statementsThis press release contains ""forward-looking statements"" within the meaning of the ""safe harbor"" provisions of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date they were first issued and were based on current expectations and estimates  as well as the beliefs and assumptions of management. The forward-looking statements included in this press release represent Incannex's views as of the date of this press release. Incannex anticipates that subsequent events and developments may cause its views to change. Incannex undertakes no intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as of a result of new information  future events or otherwise. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing Incannex's views as of any date after the date of this press release.Contact Information:Incannex Healthcare LimitedMr Joel LathamManaging Director and Chief Executive Officer+61 409 840 786joel@incannex.com.auInvestor Relations Contact – United StatesAlyssa FactorEdison Group",neutral,0.0,0.92,0.08,negative,0.18,0.11,0.71,True,English,"['ReneCann Therapeutic Topical Application', 'Immune Disordered Skin Diseases', 'Incannex', 'Eurofins', 'conventional oral dosed cannabinoid formulations', 'unique medicinal cannabis pharmaceutical products', 'clinical stage pharmaceutical development company', 'agroscience Contract Research services', 'molecular clinical diagnostic testing', 'high-quality services, accurate results', 'global independent market leaders', 'proprietary topical cannabinoid formulation', 'The ReneCann Drug product', 'multinational contract development', 'BioPharma Contract Development', 'clinical-stage pharmaceutical company', 'cosmetic product testing', 'innovative clinical diagnostics', 'unmet medical needs', 'potent anti-inflammatory properties', 'Dr. Marcus Meinardi', 'future regulatory packages', 'Dr Mark Bleackley', 'different activity profiles', 'advanced material sciences', 'key emerging players', 'Paris Euronext exchange', 'additional drug candidates', 'obstructive sleep apnoea', 'traumatic brain injury', 'chief scientific officer', 'target skin diseases', 'manufacturing control modules', 'psychedelic medicine therapies', 'Incannex Healthcare Limited', 'The ReneCann formulation', 'new therapeutic areas', 'unique formulation', 'medicinal cannabinoid', 'clinical trials', 'clinical studies', 'psychedelic therapies', 'The Netherlands', 'global population', 'Drug Administration', 'first product', '1,000 independent companies', 'market valuation', 'psychoactive cannabinoid', 'cannabinoid delivery', 'cannabinoid medicines', 'minor cannabinoid', 'topical applications', 'skin colour', 'other diseases', 'new route', 'therapeutic effect', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'manufacturing organisation', 'dermatological conditions', 'immune system', 'atopic dermatitis', 'previous version', 'human proof', '6-week period', 'Maurits Clinic', 'world-renowned dermatologist', 'pigment-producing cells', 'discoloured areas', 'diffuse re-pigmentation', 'direct application', 'diverse family', 'world leader', 'discovery pharmacology', 'specialty esoteric', '200,000 analytical methods', 'biological substances', 'expert advice', '13B Eurodollars', 'APIRx Pharmaceuticals', 'lung inflammation', 'rheumatoid ar', 'ReneCann therapeutic', 'Eurofins Scientific', 'Incannex Board', 'APIRx acquisition', 'concept study', 'disease scores', 'study participants', 'US Food', 'qualified staff', 'Eurofins companies', 'Incannex portfolio', 'Eurofins CDMO', '61,000 staff', 'MELBOURNE', 'Australia', 'Nasdaq', 'IXHL', 'ASX', 'IHL', 'treatment', 'disorders', 'vitiligo', 'eczema', 'patents', 'August', 'Cannabigerol', 'CBG', 'Cannabidiol', 'CBD', 'dosing', 'MD', 'PhD.', 'patients', 'improvements', 'symptoms', 'incidence', 'melanocytes', 'melanin', 'loss', 'patches', 'time', 'borders', 'lesion', 'efficacy', 'weeks', 'safety', 'Data', 'stability', 'project', 'chemistry', 'FDA', 'potential', 'benefit', 'production', 'possibility', 'Expansion', 'opportunity', 'molecules', 'range', 'subsidiaries', 'environment', 'forensics', 'genomics', 'support', 'Europe', 'USA', 'network', '59 countries', '940 laboratories', 'identity', 'composition', 'authenticity', 'origin', 'purity', 'objective', 'customers', 'announcement', 'release', 'Directors', 'OSA', 'TBI', 'concussion', 'ARDS', 'COPD', 'asthma', 'bronchitis', '22']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13903,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/29/2564505/0/en/MDxHealth-Provides-Business-Update.html,MDxHealth Provides Business Update,NEWS RELEASE – INSIDE AND REGULATED INFORMATION29 NOVEMBER 2022  4:00PM EDT / 22:00 CET  MDxHealth Provides Business Update  IRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL ......,NEWS RELEASE – INSIDE AND REGULATED INFORMATION29 NOVEMBER 2022  4:00PM EDT / 22:00 CETMDxHealth Provides Business UpdateIRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – November 29  2022 – MDxHealth SA (NASDAQ/Euronext: MDXH)  a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company  today provided clinical and reimbursement product developments  updated guidance for 2022  and initial guidance for 2023.Select mdx reimbursement updateUnder the foundational LCD (Local Coverage Decision) process recently implemented by the Molecular Diagnostics Services (MolDX) Program administered by Palmetto GBA  all tests within an LCD-covered indication must submit a Technical Assessment (TA) for review and consideration. The indication for use of Select mdx is covered by Medicare’s foundational LCD Molecular Biomarkers to Risk-Stratify Patients at Increased Risk for Prostate Cancer  which became effective in July 2022. The Select mdx TA has already been submitted and we are engaged in an interactive review process with MolDX. Based on our most recent communication with MolDX  a final coverage decision is not expected until H1 2023.NCCN Guidelines expand Genomic Prostate Score (GPS) indication to include high-risk patientsThe recently released NCCN for Prostate Cancer Guideline (Version 1.2023)* expands the indication for use of the GPS test to include high-risk patients with localized prostate cancer. In August 2022  mdxhealth announced that it acquired the Oncotype DX Genomic Prostate Score® (GPS) test from Exact Sciences  further solidifying the Company’s leadership in the precision diagnostics urology market. This expanded criteria to address high-risk patients provides additional validation for the clinical utility of GPS in making prostate cancer treatment decisions and enables us to more fully serve our targeted patient population.Michael K. McGarrity  CEO of mdxhealth  commented: “Securing Medicare reimbursement for new molecular diagnostic technologies is now a more rigorous and iterative process under the new Foundational LCD program. Due to the additional time required to obtain Medicare coverage  the Company no longer expects to receive Medicare payments for Select mdx tests in 2022. Based on this development  coupled with revenue cycle timing associated with the acquisition and integration of the GPS test  the Company is revising its 2022 revenue guidance to $36.5-37.5 million from $40-42 million. We remain confident in our ability to address any remaining questions with MolDX  which we believe will lead to a positive reimbursement decision for Select mdx in the first half of 2023. To further underscore the growing diagnostic value of Select mdx  we are also pleased to report that the results of an independent  multi-institutional clinical study was recently recognized as a best poster by the American Urological Association  demonstrating the diagnostic accuracy of Select mdx and as well as its complementary utility with mpMRI for the prediction of prostate cancer in biopsies.“Further  we are also pleased to note the expanded indication for our GPS test in the recently updated NCCN Prostate Cancer guidelines”  continued Mr. McGarrity. “The addition of GPS to our current menu of tests targeted into urology and prostate cancer reflects our strategy to generate sustainable growth and enable mdxhealth to become the leading precision diagnostics company with the most comprehensive test menu focused on prostate cancer. While early  we are well into our integration plan for our GPS test and have our expanded field sales organization in place to support continued growth. With multiple levers for sustainable revenue growth  the company is initiating 2023 revenue guidance of $65-70 million.”About mdxhealth®Mdxhealth is a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company that provides actionable molecular diagnostic information to personalize the diagnosis and treatment of cancer. The Company's tests are based on proprietary genetic  epigenetic (methylation) and other molecular technologies and assist physicians with the diagnosis of urologic cancers and prognosis of recurrence risk. The Company’s European headquarters are in Herstal  Belgium  with laboratory operations in Nijmegen  The Netherlands  and U.S. headquarters and laboratory operations based in Irvine  California  with additional laboratory operations in Plano  Texas. For more information  visit mdxhealth.com and follow us on social media at: twitter.com/mdxhealth  facebook.com/mdxhealth and linkedin.com/company/mdxhealth.For more information:mdxhealthinfo@mdxhealth.comLifeSci Advisors (IR & PR)US: +1 949 271 9223ir@mdxhealth.comThis press release contains forward-looking statements and estimates with respect to the anticipated future performance of MDxHealth and the market in which it operates  all of which involve certain risks and uncertainties. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “potential ” “expect ” “will ” “goal ” “next ” “potential ” “aim ” “explore ” “forward ” “future ” and “believes” as well as similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this release include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the acquisition of Oncotype DX® GPS prostate cancer business from Exact Sciences including statements regarding the anticipated benefits of the acquisition; statements. Such statements and estimates are based on assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable but may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict  may depend upon factors that are beyond the company’s control  and may turn out to be materially different. Examples of forward-looking statements include  among others  statements we make regarding expected future operating results  product development efforts  our strategies  positioning  resources  capabilities and expectations for future events or performance. Important factors that could cause actual results  conditions and events to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: uncertainties associated with the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic  including its possible effects on our operations  and the demand for our products; our ability to successfully and profitably market our products; the acceptance of our products and services by healthcare providers; the willingness of health insurance companies and other payers to cover our products and services and adequately reimburse us for such products and services; our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals and comply with applicable regulations; the possibility that the anticipated benefits from our business acquisitions like our acquisition of the Oncotype DX® GPS prostate cancer business will not be realized in full or at all or may take longer to realize than expected; and the amount and nature of competition for our products and services. Other important risks and uncertainties are described in the Risk Factors sections of our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F and in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. MDxHealth expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this release to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based unless required by law or regulation. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of MDxHealth in any jurisdiction. No securities of MDxHealth may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. securities laws.NOTE: The mdxhealth logo  mdxhealth  Confirm mdx  Select mdx  Resolve mdx  Genomic Prostate Score  GPS and Monitor mdx are trademarks or registered trademarks of MDxHealth SA. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.*NCCN Prostate Cancer Guidelines 1.2023 Discussion Update in Progress (Nov.29  2022)Attachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.22,0.3,True,English,"['Business Update', 'MDxHealth', 'foundational LCD (Local Coverage Decision) process', 'Oncotype DX Genomic Prostate Score®', 'foundational LCD Molecular Biomarkers', 'new Foundational LCD program', 'new molecular diagnostic technologies', 'independent, multi-institutional clinical study', 'commercial-stage precision diagnostics company', 'leading precision diagnostics company', 'actionable molecular diagnostic information', 'prostate cancer treatment decisions', 'NCCN Prostate Cancer guidelines', 'final coverage decision', 'Molecular Diagnostics Services', 'other molecular technologies', 'The Select mdx TA', 'positive reimbursement decision', 'growing diagnostic value', 'targeted patient population', 'American Urological Association', 'field sales organization', 'reimbursement product developments', 'interactive review process', 'localized prostate cancer', 'Michael K. McGarrity', 'revenue cycle timing', 'U.S. headquarters', 'mdx reimbursement update', 'comprehensive test menu', 'diagnostics urology market', 'sustainable revenue growth', 'additional laboratory operations', 'Select mdx tests', 'iterative process', 'Medicare coverage', 'NCCN Guidelines', 'diagnostic accuracy', 'sustainable growth', 'Business Update', 'Medicare reimbursement', 'Mr. McGarrity', 'current menu', 'European headquarters', 'The Company', 'additional validation', 'clinical utility', 'additional time', 'continued growth', 'MolDX) Program', '2022 revenue guidance', '2023 revenue guidance', 'The Netherlands', 'NEWS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Palmetto GBA', 'Technical Assessment', 'Increased Risk', 'recent communication', 'Exact Sciences', 'remaining questions', 'first half', 'best poster', 'complementary utility', 'multiple levers', 'recurrence risk', 'social media', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'press release', 'GPS test', 'GPS) test', 'initial guidance', 'high-risk patients', 'Medicare payments', 'integration plan', 'forward-looking statements', 'future performance', 'LCD-covered indication', 'GPS) indication', 'MDxHealth SA', 'mdxhealth®', 'INSIDE', '29 NOVEMBER', '4:00PM', '22:00 CET', 'IRVINE', 'HERSTAL', 'BELGIUM', 'NASDAQ/Euronext', 'consideration', 'use', 'Risk-Stratify', 'July', 'H1', 'Version', 'August', 'leadership', 'criteria', 'CEO', 'rigorous', 'acquisition', 'ability', 'results', 'prediction', 'biopsies', 'strategy', 'place', 'diagnosis', 'methylation', 'physicians', 'cancers', 'prognosis', 'Nijmegen', 'California', 'Plano', 'Texas', 'estimates', 'respect', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'words', 'phrases', 'potential', 'believes']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13904,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/29/2563696/0/en/Ahold-Delhaize-sets-updated-CO2-emissions-reductions-target-for-its-entire-value-chain-in-line-with-UN-goal-of-keeping-global-warming-below-1-5-C.html,Ahold Delhaize sets updated CO2 emissions reductions target for its entire value chain  in line with UN goal of keeping global warming below 1.5°C,Zaandam  the Netherlands  29 November 2022 – Ahold Delhaize today announces the update of its interim CO2 emissions reduction target for its entire value chain (scope 3) to at least 37% by 2030  and to become net-zero by 2050. For its own operations (scope 1 …,Ahold Delhaize’s climate targets are in line with the UN's goal of keeping global warming below 1.5°C.To achieve this  the company today commits to an updated interim CO2 emissions reduction target for its entire value chain (scope 3) of at least 37% by 2030.Ahold Delhaize remains committed to become net-zero across its entire value chain by 2050.For its own operations (scope 1 and 2)  the company remains committed to become net-zero by 2040 with an interim target of a 50% reduction by 2030.Zaandam  the Netherlands  29 November 2022 – Ahold Delhaize today announces the update of its interim CO2 emissions reduction target for its entire value chain (scope 3) to at least 37% by 2030  and to become net-zero by 2050. For its own operations (scope 1 and 2)  the company remains committed to become net-zero by 2040 with an interim target of a 50% reduction by 2030. With this updated scope 3 interim target  Ahold Delhaize aims to achieve the decarbonization of its entire value chain and ensures that all of its climate targets are in line with the UN's goal of keeping global warming below 1.5°C.The updated interim target is aligned with the Science Based Targets initiative’s Net-Zero Standard. In accordance with the recommendation by the Science Based Targets initiative  Ahold Delhaize is using its latest available emission profile from 2020 as baseline for its 37% 2030 reduction target  updated from a 2018 baseline before. In November 2021 the company joined the Business Ambition for 1.5°C  a global coalition of UN agencies  business and industry leaders  in partnership with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and the UN led campaign ‘Race to Zero’. The update today is part of the annual climate reporting cycle as per the Business Ambition agreements.Decarbonization pathwayWhereas scopes 1 and 2 involve the CO2 emissions of Ahold Delhaize’s own operations (mainly consisting of energy  refrigeration systems  and owned and leased transport)  scope 3 represents the indirect CO2 emissions across our entire value chain. This value chain consists of thousands of suppliers  producers and farmers who supply hundreds of thousands of products that are sold to millions of customers across the United States and Europe each day.Jan Ernst de Groot  Chief Sustainability Officer of Ahold Delhaize: “As a group of mainstream supermarkets and retailers  we want to provide customers with sustainable and healthy products  while keeping shelf availability and affordability top of mind. Our commitment is to future generations  to continue to play a leading role in the transition to a more sustainable food system. We are proud of frontrunners like Albert Heijn  who inspire other brands within the Ahold Delhaize group – and the sector - to take sustainability performance to the next level in their market.”The updated interim target is the result of extensive review  which started in November 2021 together with external experts. This review shows that the main drivers of emission reduction in scope 3 can be structured in three categories: suppliers and farmers  low-carbon products and customer engagement.Suppliers and farmersA key element of our decarbonization efforts is encouraging and supporting our suppliers in setting their own emission reduction targets in line with the latest scientific evidence  and signing up to the Science Based Targets initiative. These emission reduction commitments will accelerate improvements in livestock farming  raw material sourcing  deforestation reduction  processing  food waste reduction  packaging and transport. Our brands can contribute by supporting their suppliers and farmers with concrete environmental actions. They can do this  for example  by setting up long-term contracts with farmers.Low-carbon productsSeveral of Ahold Delhaize’s brands continue to introduce more plant-based protein products in their assortments  driving the improvement of existing assortments and the development of new assortments with less embedded emissions. Our Dutch local brand Albert Heijn  for example  committed to achieve a distribution of 60% plant-based and 40% animal-based protein sales by 2030. All our brands in Europe will commit to baseline their current protein ratio and set protein ratio targets by the end of 2024.Customer engagementHelping customers understand the impact of their buying decisions and make choices that fit their needs  their tastes and their values is an important part of our approach. This includes stimulating and rewarding more sustainable choices through loyalty programs and discounts  increasing product transparency through navigation systems and product labelling  improving assortments with more vegan and vegetarian products  and increasing awareness and knowledge about a healthy lifestyle.As a result of this new target the Ahold Delhaize climate plan has been updated  and is available on the corporate website.- Ends -Cautionary noticeThis communication includes forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical facts may be forward-looking statements. Words and expressions such as target(s)  goal  at least  to become  by  remains  committed  aims  will or other similar words or expressions are typically used to identify forward-looking statements.Forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties and other factors that are difficult to predict and that may cause actual results of Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize N.V. (the “Company”) to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include  but are not limited to  the risk factors set forth in the Company’s public filings and other disclosures. Forward-looking statements reflect the current views of the Company’s management and assumptions based on information currently available to the Company’s management. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and the Company does not assume any obligation to update such statements  except as required by law.For more informationPress office: +31 88 6595134 / media.relations@aholddelhaize.comInvestor relations: +31 88 659 5213 / investor.relations@aholddelhaize.comSocial media: Instagram: @Ahold-Delhaize | LinkedIn: @Ahold-Delhaize | Twitter: @AholdDelhaizeAbout Ahold DelhaizeAhold Delhaize is one of the world’s largest food retail groups and a leader in both supermarkets and e-commerce. Its family of great local brands serves 55 million customers each week  both in stores and online  in the United States  Europe  and Indonesia. Together  these brands employ more than 413 000 associates in 7 452 grocery and specialty stores and include the top online retailer in the Benelux and the leading online grocers in the Benelux and the United States. Ahold Delhaize brands are at the forefront of sustainable retailing  sourcing responsibly  supporting local communities and helping customers make healthier choices. The company’s focus on four growth drivers – drive omnichannel growth  elevate healthy and sustainable  cultivate best talent and strengthen operational excellence – is helping to fulfil its purpose  achieve its vision and prepare its brands and businesses for tomorrow. Headquartered in Zaandam  the Netherlands  Ahold Delhaize is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam and Brussels stock exchanges (ticker: AD) and its American Depositary Receipts are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. and quoted on the OTCQX International marketplace (ticker: ADRNY). For more information  please visit: www.aholddelhaize.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.64,0.23,0.12,True,English,"['updated CO2 emissions reductions target', 'entire value chain', 'Ahold Delhaize', 'UN goal', 'global warming', 'line', '1.5°C', 'Jan Ernst de Groot', 'interim CO2 emissions reduction target', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'annual climate reporting cycle', 'latest available emission profile', 'Ahold Delhaize climate plan', 'indirect CO2 emissions', 'less embedded emissions', 'latest scientific evidence', 'protein ratio targets', 'raw material sourcing', 'concrete environmental actions', 'Dutch local brand', '40% animal-based protein sales', 'current protein ratio', 'emission reduction targets', 'emission reduction commitments', 'food waste reduction', 'entire value chain', 'Chief Sustainability Officer', 'sustainable food system', 'Business Ambition agreements', 'scope 3 interim target', 'plant-based protein products', 'Ahold Delhaize group', 'climate targets', '37% 2030 reduction target', 'new target', 'deforestation reduction', 'sustainability performance', 'global warming', 'Net-Zero Standard', 'global coalition', 'industry leaders', 'refrigeration systems', 'United States', 'mainstream supermarkets', 'healthy products', 'shelf availability', 'future generations', 'leading role', 'Albert Heijn', 'next level', 'external experts', 'main drivers', 'three categories', 'low-carbon products', 'customer engagement', 'key element', 'livestock farming', 'long-term contracts', 'buying decisions', 'loyalty programs', 'product transparency', 'navigation systems', 'product labelling', 'vegetarian products', 'healthy lifestyle', 'corporate website', 'Cautionary notice', 'historical facts', 'Decarbonization pathway', 'decarbonization efforts', 'extensive review', 'existing assortments', 'new assortments', 'important part', 'sustainable choices', 'forward-looking statements', 'UN agencies', 'other brands', '50% reduction', '60% plant-based', 'line', 'goal', '1.5°C', 'company', 'operations', 'Zaandam', 'Netherlands', 'update', 'accordance', 'recommendation', 'November', 'partnership', 'SBTi', 'campaign', 'Race', 'scopes', 'energy', 'transport', 'thousands', 'suppliers', 'producers', 'farmers', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'customers', 'Europe', 'retailers', 'affordability', 'mind', 'transition', 'frontrunners', 'sector', 'result', 'improvements', 'processing', 'packaging', 'example', 'development', 'distribution', 'impact', 'needs', 'tastes', 'values', 'approach', 'discounts', 'vegan', 'awareness', 'knowledge', 'Ends', 'communication', '2024']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13905,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/rixos-gulf-hotel-doha-brings-first-all-inclusive-experience-to-doha-301688815.html,Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha brings first all-inclusive experience to Doha,HOTEL IS A KEY MILESTONE FOR THE RIXOS HOTELS BRAND AS IT IS THE FIRST 5-STAR ALL-INCLUSIVE HOTEL IN DOHA DOHA  Qatar  Nov. 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Accor Group  in partnership with Katara Hospitality  are delighted to announce the opening of Rixos Gulf Hotel…,"HOTEL IS A KEY MILESTONE FOR THE RIXOS HOTELS BRAND AS IT IS THE FIRST 5-STAR ALL-INCLUSIVE HOTEL IN DOHADOHA  Qatar  Nov. 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Accor Group  in partnership with Katara Hospitality  are delighted to announce the opening of Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha. This hotel is a key milestone for the Rixos Hotels brand as it is the first 5-star All-Inclusive hotel in Doha  reiterating the brand's commitment to creating an elevated 360° experience for guests.Since its opening in 1973 as the Gulf Hotel  the building itself has become a landmark in the city and this new venture reimagines the property with luxurious offerings under the All-Inclusive concept within the Rixos brand name. Established in 2000  this fast-growing Turkish hotel brand has redefined the meaning of All-Inclusive by creating individual and meaningful experiences through an unlimited selection of premium products and services across bucket-list worthy destinations  offering a fresh perspective on the discerning travelers' kind of paradise. From abundant flavors  sports activities  professional entertainment  kids' activities and immersive spa experiences  guests at Rixos Gulf Doha Hotel will embark on a memorable journey to unlocking an All-Inclusive paradise.Fettah Tamince  Chairman of the Board of Directors of Rixos Hotels said: ""This iconic landmark is the ideal venue to introduce Rixos and its All-Inclusive concept to Qatar. Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha perfectly balances the striking contrast between the 1970's architecture of one of Doha's most recognized landmarks with all the style and functionality that is expected of a leading 21st-century luxury hotel.""Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha consists of two distinct towers comprising of approximately 378 luxurious rooms and suites. Guest rooms blend comfort with cutting-edge technology to satisfy every guest from corporate travelers to socialites. The hotel also recognizes that relaxation and rejuvenation are an essential part of any visitor's stay  featuring the brand's highly-acclaimed and signature  Anjana Spa.This trendy hotel will feature something for guests of all ages and lifestyles  with luxurious amenities  a vibrant entertainment program  several dining outlets and soon to open engaging kids club and state of the art fitness facilities. Guests will be spoilt for choice with seven different dining outlets located across the property. Farmhouse  the all-day dining restaurant  will introduce guests to high quality  farm-fresh ingredients  with an emphasis on authentic Turkish cuisine. Those seeking an Indian flair will be delighted at Rasa presenting Indian classics with a modern take  combining international ingredients with an Indian essence. To complete the five-star dining experience  guests will have the opportunity to dine on the finest meat cuts at the steakhouse  Mr. Tailor or enjoy an eclectic array of cuisines with a beautiful view to match at Akte Pier 51.Those with a sweet tooth will revel in Crust  the 24-hour lobby lounge featuring a bakery with desserts guaranteed to be a feast for the eyes and the tastebuds. To break away from the crowd and relax in their own  private bit of luxury  VIP guests and suite bookers can enjoy a coffee or drink and mouthwatering desserts in M lounge.Set to open at a later stage  fitness junkies will be able to maintain their exercise routines at the Exclusive Sports Club. Guests might even fall in love with a new sport by participating in the numerous fitness classes offered throughout the day including yoga  Zumba and HIIT workouts.While parents soak up the sun and sip on ZOH's signature beverages by the pool  kids can build new friendships while engaging in fun  yet educational activities at Rixy Kids Club. The fully-supervised kids programme boasts numerous games and fun activities like arts and crafts  science experiments and even a Kids Disco!The opening of Rixos Gulf Doha Hotel under the Rixos Hotel's brand will help strengthen its position as Doha's most iconic property  with the highest standards of premium offerings and modern facilities in all aspects of its operations. Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha exemplifies the very epitome of All-Inclusive  a first in Doha  from a brand known around the world for its refined offerings and premium standards. Located close to the Doha International Airport  the hotel is a treasured landmark on the Doha coastline and will be easily accessible to business travelers or those guests looking to stay at a lifestyle destination.Cenk Ünverdi  Regional General Manager of Rixos Hotels UAE commented: ""The opening of Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha is a monumental achievement for everyone involved  and the introduction of the All-Inclusive concept in Qatar's hospitality landscape helps reiterate the hotel's commitment to creating an elevated brand experience for guests.""Sherif Kasseb  General Manager of Rixos Gulf Doha Hotel added: ""The Qatari market is ready for an All-Inclusive destination where guests' only concern is to sit back and unwind while their every need is attended to. Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha is fulling this market gap and will soon become the go-to destination for business travelers and vacationers alike. We look forward to welcoming guests to our hotel.""About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 230 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its global sustainability commitments (such as achieving Net Zero Carbon emissions by 2050  global elimination of single use plastics in its hotels' guest experience  etc.)  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.ABOUT RIXOS HOTELSEstablished in 2000  Rixos is one of the world's fastest-growing luxury hotel chains specialising in memorable all-inclusive holidays. At the heart of every Rixos Hotel & Resort is a revitalising wellness spa with an authentic Turkish Hammam  renowned for its unique selection of spa rituals. Each hotel offers a distinctive variety of restaurants and bars  an exciting entertainment schedule and a diverse range of opulently appointed rooms and suites.Each Rixos  be it in Turkey  UAE  Russia  Croatia  Switzerland  Egypt serves as a genuinely inspiring location to see due to its best-in-class facilities  dining options and entertainment venues. The award-winning Rixos Hotels have received global recognition from distinguished professional bodies including the American Five Star Diamond Award  Conde Nast  World Travel Awards and Trip Advisor.Rixos Hotels currently operates four hotels in the United Arab Emirates: Rixos Premium Dubai in JBR Dubai  Rixos The Palm Dubai Hotel & Suites in Palm Jumeirah Dubai  Rixos Bab Al Bahr in Ras Al Khaimah and Rixos Premium Saadiyat Island in Abu Dhabi.Contacts media relations: Sarah Fernandez  Director of PR & Communications  India  Middle East  Africa & Turkey  T. +971 56 544 8997  Sarah.fernandez@accor.comSOURCE Accor",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.58,0.22,0.2,True,English,"['Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha', 'first all-inclusive experience', 'high quality, farm-fresh ingredients', 'seven different dining outlets', 'leading 21st-century luxury hotel', 'FIRST 5-STAR ALL-INCLUSIVE HOTEL', 'Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha', 'Rixos Gulf Doha Hotel', 'growing Turkish hotel brand', 'several dining outlets', 'authentic Turkish cuisine', 'Rixos Hotels UAE', 'bucket-list worthy destinations', 'two distinct towers', 'finest meat cuts', 'five-star dining experience', 'Rixos brand name', 'vibrant entertainment program', '24-hour lobby lounge', 'Exclusive Sports Club', ""discerning travelers' kind"", 'RIXOS HOTELS BRAND', 'Doha International Airport', 'day dining restaurant', 'engaging kids club', 'Rixy Kids Club', 'immersive spa experiences', 'Regional General Manager', 'numerous fitness classes', 'elevated brand experience', 'international ingredients', 'elevated 360° experience', 'trendy hotel', 'Doha coastline', 'meaningful experiences', 'sports activities', 'professional entertainment', 'Anjana Spa', 'M lounge.', 'numerous games', 'corporate travelers', 'fitness facilities', 'fitness junkies', 'business travelers', 'All-Inclusive concept', 'All-Inclusive destination', ""kids' activities"", 'kids programme', 'Kids Disco', 'Accor Group', 'Katara Hospitality', 'new venture', 'luxurious offerings', 'unlimited selection', 'premium products', 'fresh perspective', 'abundant flavors', 'memorable journey', 'Fettah Tamince', 'ideal venue', 'striking contrast', '378 luxurious rooms', 'cutting-edge technology', 'essential part', 'luxurious amenities', 'Indian flair', 'Indian classics', 'modern take', 'Indian essence', 'Mr. Tailor', 'eclectic array', 'beautiful view', 'Akte Pier', 'sweet tooth', 'private bit', 'suite bookers', 'later stage', 'exercise routines', 'new sport', 'HIIT workouts', 'new friendships', 'educational activities', 'fun activities', 'science experiments', 'highest standards', 'premium offerings', 'modern facilities', 'refined offerings', 'premium standards', 'lifestyle destination', 'Cenk Ünverdi', 'monumental achievement', 'hospitality landscape', 'Sherif Kasseb', 'Qatari market', 'market gap', 'All-Inclusive paradise', 'iconic landmark', 'treasured landmark', 'key milestone', 'Guest rooms', 'mouthwatering desserts', 'signature beverages', 'iconic property', 'VIP guests', 'PRNewswire', 'partnership', 'opening', 'commitment', 'building', 'city', 'individual', 'services', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'architecture', 'landmarks', 'functionality', 'suites', 'comfort', 'socialites', 'relaxation', 'rejuvenation', 'visitor', 'stay', 'acclaimed', 'something', 'lifestyles', 'state', 'choice', 'Farmhouse', 'emphasis', 'Rasa', 'opportunity', 'steakhouse', 'cuisines', 'Crust', 'bakery', 'feast', 'eyes', 'tastebuds', 'crowd', 'coffee', 'drink', 'love', 'yoga', 'Zumba', 'parents', 'sun', 'ZOH', 'pool', 'arts', 'crafts', 'position', 'aspects', 'operations', 'epitome', 'world', 'everyone', 'introduction', 'concern', 'need']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,prnewswire.co.uk
13906,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/29/2563656/0/en/Progress-on-share-buyback-programme.html,Progress on share buyback programme,Progress on share buyback programme  ING announced today that  in line with the launch of its €1.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 3...,Progress on share buyback programmeING announced today that  in line with the launch of its €1.5 billion share buyback programme announced on 3 November 2022  the company has repurchased 12 500 430 shares during the week of 21 November 2022 up to and including 25 November 2022.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €11.52 for a total amount of €144 053 422.32. For detailed information on the daily repurchased shares  individual share purchase transactions and weekly reports  see the ING website at www.ing.com/investorrelations.The total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date 66 476 032 ordinary shares at an average price of €11.16 for a total consideration of €741 660 747.44. To date approximately 49.44% of the maximum total value of the share buyback programme has been completed.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news Twitter feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr. ING presentations are available at SlideShare.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  oﬀering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 58 000 employees oﬀer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was aﬃrmed 'AA' in September 2022. As of August 2022  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’  and in June 2022 ING received an ESG rating of 'strong' from S&P Global Ratings. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATIONCertain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to diﬀer materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may diﬀer materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes aﬀecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) eﬀects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures  including lockdowns and travel restrictions  on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates  on ING’s business and operations and on ING’s employees  customers and counterparties (3) changes aﬀecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States(7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non-compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks(14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) regulatory consequences of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union  including authorizations and equivalence decisions (16) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (17) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers(18) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write- down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (19) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (20) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (21) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (22) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the eﬀects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (23) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (24) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (25) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (26) changes in credit ratings (27) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters(28) inability to attract and retain key personnel (29) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (30) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (31) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and(32) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdictionAttachment,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.22,0.3,True,English,"['share buyback programme', 'Progress', 'individual share purchase transactions', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'S&P Global Ratings', '€1.5 billion share buyback programme', 'other prudential regulatory requirements', 'currency exchange rates', 'Frequent news updates', 'international response measures', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'global economic impact', 'global financial institution', 'strong European base', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'maximum total value', 'financial economic crimes', 'major market participant', 'other forward-looking statements', 'wholesale banking services', 'daily repurchased shares', 'related response measures', 'general economic conditions', 'Group Investor Relations', 'IMPORTANT LEGAL INFORMATION', 'prudential supervision', 'financial services', 'Investor enquiries', 'ESG) rating', 'ESG rating', 'market disruption', 'financial markets', 'European Union', 'regulatory authorities', 'regulatory risks', 'regulatory frameworks', 'regulatory restrictions', 'regulatory consequences', 'total amount', 'total consideration', 'average price', 'detailed information', 'weekly reports', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'travel restrictions', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'capital markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'stress tests', 'United Kingdom', 'equivalence decisions', 'minimum capital', 'derivatives businesses', 'total number', '476,032 ordinary shares', 'Group shares', 'Christoph Linke', 'operating company', 'tax laws', 'US commodities', '12,500,430 shares', 'Progress', 'line', 'launch', '3 November', '21 November', '25 November', 'website', 'investorrelations', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'operations', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'presentations', 'SlideShare', 'PROFILE', 'purpose', 'people', 'life', '58,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'September', 'August', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'June', 'Euronext', 'Morningstar', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'factors', 'particular', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'lockdowns', 'counterparties', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'connection', 'less', 'dividends', 'distributions', 'members', 'withdrawal', 'authorizations']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13907,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/investor-communications-firm-pedrosa-richardson-will-service-global-listed-companies-from-london-301689485.html,Investor Communications firm Pedrosa Richardson will service global listed companies from London,LONDON  Nov. 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Investor Relations and Financial Communications firm Pedrosa Richardson started trading internationally from London today  with the purpose of supporting leading  global listed companies. It has already secured half a doz…,"LONDON  Nov. 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Investor Relations and Financial Communications firm Pedrosa Richardson started trading internationally from London today  with the purpose of supporting leading  global listed companies.It has already secured half a dozen listed organizations as initial clients  and aims to build on its strong  established partnerships with key stock exchanges  including OTC Markets  where it is qualified as a Premium Provider in Investor Relations - as well as Euronext  Aquis in London  and BIVA in Mexico.Company principals Max Richardson and Ramon Pedrosa-Lopez.Its mission is to raise the profile and disseminate the financial narratives of public corporations before the investor community in the American  British  and European markets  hence driving growth and value.Headquartered in London  Pedrosa Richardson is present in New York City (USA)  Madrid (Spain) from where it oversees its EU operations  and Almaty (Kazakhstan) as it works to develop its services across Central Asia.""We believe the key differentiator of publicly traded corporations  beyond a solid financial position  is having a strong public profile. Investor communications efforts clearly drive up market value in today's capital markets ""  said Max Richardson  the company's principal. ""And our growing client list speaks volumes.""The management of Pedrosa Richardson has developed a proven blend of strategy and technology over the years  to advise senior management and boards of listed issuers and pre-IPO companies  envisaging a leap into the international capital markets.Harnessing an agile  fast-moving  and digital model  the founders work upon the premise that investor communications and IR strategies demand AI  machine learning  and data analysis expertise.The firm's principals  Ramon Pedrosa-Lopez and Max Richardson are specialists in their respective fields  with over four decades of combined experience developing and executing campaigns for issuers listed on the LSE  OTC Markets  Euronext  and other capital markets.Seen as a top strategist in the industry  Pedrosa's insights have been featured in The New York Times and Forbes. He has advised private corporations in their public outreach and IR strategies and worked out of London  Hong Kong  Tokyo  Madrid  Valletta  Jakarta  Kuala Lumpur  and Mexico City. He holds the highest qualifications achievable in the IR industry.Richardson firmly established himself in the communications industry  coordinating global profile raising efforts for NASDAQ issuers  award-winning European banks  infrastructure conglomerates  and international energy and mining corporations.www.pedrosa-richardson.ukPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1958007/PEDROSA_RICHARDSON.jpgSOURCE Pedrosa Richardson",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Investor Communications firm Pedrosa Richardson', 'global listed companies', 'London', 'a dozen listed organizations', 'The New York Times', 'leading, global listed companies', 'global profile raising efforts', 'New York City', 'strong, established partnerships', 'growing client list', 'data analysis expertise', 'solid financial position', 'key stock exchanges', 'award-winning European banks', 'Investor communications efforts', 'strong public profile', 'other capital markets', 'international capital markets', 'Financial Communications firm', 'SOURCE Pedrosa Richardson', 'listed issuers', 'pre-IPO companies', 'European markets', 'financial narratives', 'key differentiator', 'international energy', 'OTC Markets', 'public outreach', 'Investor Relations', 'investor community', 'communications industry', 'public corporations', 'initial clients', 'Premium Provider', 'Max Richardson', 'Ramon Pedrosa-Lopez', 'EU operations', 'Central Asia', 'proven blend', 'digital model', 'IR strategies', 'machine learning', 'respective fields', 'four decades', 'combined experience', 'top strategist', 'Hong Kong', 'Kuala Lumpur', 'Mexico City', 'highest qualifications', 'infrastructure conglomerates', 'private corporations', 'mining corporations', 'IR industry', 'NASDAQ issuers', 'market value', 'senior management', 'Company principals', 'LONDON', 'PRNewswire', 'purpose', 'half', 'Euronext', 'Aquis', 'BIVA', 'mission', 'growth', 'USA', 'Madrid', 'Spain', 'Almaty', 'Kazakhstan', 'services', 'volumes', 'strategy', 'technology', 'years', 'boards', 'leap', 'founders', 'premise', 'specialists', 'campaigns', 'LSE', 'insights', 'Forbes', 'Tokyo', 'Valletta', 'Jakarta', 'pedrosa-richardson', 'Photo', 'PEDROSA_RICHARDSON']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,prnewswire.com
13908,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/11/29/2564350/0/fr/SII-Fiscal-2022-2023-first-half-financial-results.html,SII : Fiscal 2022-2023 first half financial results,Paris  November 29  2022 – 6 p.m.  Fiscal 2022-2023 first half financial results  The SII Group Takes Full Advantage of Sectoral Momentum  Revenue up...,French EnglishParis  November 29  2022 – 6 p.m.Fiscal 2022-2023 first half financial resultsThe SII Group Takes Full Advantage of Sectoral MomentumRevenue up 26.8 percentNet income after minority interests up 24.7 percentSII Group  which specialises in engineering business  has announced its half-yearly results  which will approved by the Management Board on December 5  2022  and which are currently under audit.Eric Matteucci  Chairman of the Management Board  commented: “The SII group ended this first half-year of the financial year 2022/2023 following on from the preceding year. The work carried out by our teams in France and abroad made it possible to post excellent performances both in terms of business and results. This momentum was achieved in a favourable environment  driven by our clients’ trust and our employees’ dedication. In spite of the current macroeconomic environment  which significantly reduced our ability to anticipate the future  we are entering the second half of the year with confidence and enthusiasm.”in €mPeriod ended September 30  2022 H12021-2022 H12022-2023 Change Revenue 376.30 477.28 +26.8% Gross income from operations 35.84 45.32 +26.5% Gross operating margin (% of revenue) 9.52% 9.50% -0.02 pt. Operating income 35.22 44.52 +26.4% Operating margin (% of revenue) 9.36% 9.33% -0.03 pt. Consolidated net income 27.84 34.85 +25.2% Net income after minority interests 27.89 34.78 +24.7% Average headcount 8 976 10 475 +1 499 Headcount at the end of the period 9 348 10 741 +1 393Outstanding Business Growth in the First Half of the YearThe SII group posted a turnover of €477.3m in the first half of 2022-2023  up 26.8%. Business activity grew faster than during the previous financial year  which marked a significant recovery to levels seen before the crisis. The group took full advantage of the strong performance of the sector.In France  sales increased by 13% to €199.2m. The performance was driven by all sectors. Aerospace-Defence remained the leading contributor to turnover in the first half of the year  ahead of Banking-Insurance and Telecoms-Media. The group maintained its very active policy in favour of recruiting. Parallel to the opening of new premises  the SII group opened its first space solely for a client  a historical partner of the group  thus bringing more proximity and reactivity to its requests. In the course of this first half-year  899 new employees joined the workforce in France.Outside France  organic growth reached an exceptional level of 40.6%. Turnover for the first half of the year reached €278.1m. Poland  the largest contributor to international sales  grew by 40.1%. All countries with the exception of Spain  which is currently being restructured with the closure of some unprofitable activities  reported growth over the half-year. Germany returned to strong growth at 34.5% over the period as a result of continued synergies with the group and a rebound in activity in the industrial sectors. Other countries such as Romania  Chile  Canada and the Czech Republic experienced growth beyond expectations.Overall  all sectors showed strong growth. The Aerospace-Space-Defence sector  which contributed 20.4% of turnover  posted a 21.4% increase in activity. The BAM sector (Banking-Insurance)  driven in particular by the challenges of innovation and transformation  grew by over 17.7%. The Energy and Telecoms sectors grew by 32.6% and 9.6% respectively. Other businesses (Industries Services Health Retail Automotive and Transport) experienced very strong growth (+42.9%).Good Profitability LevelThe profitability of the SII group increased with an operating result in clear increase of 26.4% to reach a level of €44.5m. This performance was carried by the positive effects of the organisation deployed since several exercises the pooling of the working tools and management as well as by average TACE (Rate of Activity Excluded Leaves) reached optimal levels. The average TACE for France was 91.3%  up 1.2 points compared to the first half of 2021-2022. At group level  the TACE reached 90.1%.Overall  the operating margin was 9.3%. In France  the operating margin was 5%  negatively impacted by one less working day in the first half of the year  by salary adjustments in line with inflation and by a delay in the price adjustment. The international operating margin stood at 12.5%  holding steady compared to the end of September 2021 and driven by the rebound in business in Germany and the very good performance of Poland and several subsidiaries.After taking into account the financial result and taxes  the net result amounted to €34.9 million  i.e. a net margin of 7.3%.At September 30  2022  the balance sheet showed a net cash position (excluding IFRS 16) of €121m  compared with €128.6m at the end of March 2022. Shareholders’ equity stood at €237.8 m  compared with €219.1 m at the end of March 2022.Events subsequent to the end of the period: enter in exclusive negotiations with METANEXT in order to acquire 100% of its sharesSII has announced on November 21  20221  that it had entered in exclusive negotiations with the shareholders of MEXTANEXT  a digital services company specialized in Cloud services. Located in Ile-de-France and Lyon  METANEXT addresses the functional and technological issues of blue-chip and mid-sizes clients thanks to an offer structured around three main divisions: Cloud Solutions  Integration of Private and/or Public Cloud Solutions and Operations Support (Expertise Centers and Managed Services). METANEXT is mainly present in the Banking & Finance  Insurance  Manufacturing and Services sectors.This operation is in line with the strategic orientation aiming at a technological diversification for SII Group and would bring forward commercial  geographic and skill-related synergies  being a source of profitable growth for SII Group.OutlookThe SII group benefited from a good sectoral momentum and a very high client demand during this half-year. Through dedicated teamwork  the group has achieved a good financial performance.The group nevertheless remains attentive to the evolution of the geopolitical and economic health context on a world scale. This environment makes it more challenging to make projections. In line with the announcements made at the time of their turnover publication for the first semester  the SII group reasserts its expectation to achieve more than 15% organic growth for the third quarter of this fiscal year 2022-2023.***Next financial announcement:Fiscal 2022-2023 third quarter revenue  Tuesday  February 7  2023 after the close of trading-Contacts:SII - Eric Matteucci: +33(0)142 848 222-Receive all of our communications by subscribing on our website: www.sii-group.comEuronext Paris Compartment BLEI: 96950044FWV7YEJCKR65About SII GroupThe SII Group is an engineering and technology consulting company and a digital services firm  founded in 1979 by Bernard HUVÉ  a trained engineer.Currently  SII Group employs nearly 11 000 employees in 18 countries over four continents through 80 local establishments. The Group recruits an average of 4 000 consultants and engineers each year who work on a daily basis towards integrating and developing new technologies as well as improving information systems.Always concerned about coming up with innovative and value-adding solutions  SII operates at the service of blue-chip clients in a variety of sectors such as Aerospace & Defense  Banking & Insurance  Telecommunications  Energy  Retail  and Transport & Industry. Certified by both EcoVadis Platinum and Great Place to Work  SII Group stands out thanks to its social policy in favor of a sustainable and numerical world as well as its strong corporate culture in favor of work-life quality and inclusion.In the 2021-2022 financial year  which ended on March 31  2022  SII Group recorded revenues of €829 million.1 See financial release of November 21  2022  available on:https://sii-group.com/sites/default/files/document/SII – Metanext_UK.pdfPièce jointe,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.77,0.02,0.21,True,English,"['first half financial results', 'SII', 'Fiscal 2022', 'Industries Services Health Retail Automotive', 'one less working day', 'first half financial results', 'current macroeconomic environment', 'net cash position', 'The Aerospace-Space-Defence sector', 'The BAM sector', 'Activity Excluded Leaves', 'Consolidated net income', 'previous financial year', 'Gross operating margin', 'international operating margin', 'The SII Group', 'Outstanding Business Growth', 'Good Profitability Level', 'working tools', 'The Energy', 'Gross income', 'net margin', 'favourable environment', 'Operating income', 'half-yearly results', 'second half', 'first space', 'net result', 'operating result', 'French English', 'Full Advantage', 'minority interests', 'Eric Matteucci', 'excellent performances', 'clients’ trust', 'employees’ dedication', 'significant recovery', 'leading contributor', 'active policy', 'new premises', 'historical partner', '899 new employees', 'exceptional level', 'largest contributor', 'international sales', 'unprofitable activities', 'continued synergies', 'Czech Republic', 'Other businesses', 'positive effects', 'several exercises', 'salary adjustments', 'price adjustment', 'good performance', 'several subsidiaries', 'balance sheet', 'Shareholders’ equity', 'exclusive negotiations', 'first half-year', 'organic growth', 'strong growth', 'group level', 'engineering business', 'Management Board', 'average TACE', 'Business activity', 'Sectoral Momentum', 'preceding year', 'Average headcount', 'strong performance', 'industrial sectors', 'Other countries', 'Telecoms sectors', 'clear increase', 'optimal levels', 'Change Revenue', '21.4% increase', 'Paris', 'November', 'Fiscal', 'December', 'audit', 'Chairman', 'teams', 'France', 'terms', 'spite', 'future', 'confidence', 'enthusiasm', 'Period', 'operations', 'end', 'turnover', 'crisis', 'Aerospace-Defence', 'Banking-Insurance', 'Telecoms-Media', 'recruiting', 'opening', 'proximity', 'reactivity', 'requests', 'course', 'workforce', 'Poland', 'Spain', 'Germany', 'rebound', 'Romania', 'Chile', 'Canada', 'expectations', 'challenges', 'innovation', 'transformation', 'Transport', 'organisation', 'pooling', 'Rate', 'line', 'inflation', 'delay', 'September', 'account', 'taxes', 'IFRS', 'March', 'Events', 'METANEXT', 'order', 'shares', '6', '17.', '9.']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,globenewswire.com
13909,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/investor-communications-firm-pedrosa-richardson-will-service-global-listed-companies-from-london-301689470.html,Investor Communications firm Pedrosa Richardson will service global listed companies from London,LONDON  Nov. 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Investor Relations and Financial Communications firm Pedrosa Richardson started trading internationally from London today  with the purpose of supporting leading  global listed companies. It has already secured half a doz…,"LONDON  Nov. 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Investor Relations and Financial Communications firm Pedrosa Richardson started trading internationally from London today  with the purpose of supporting leading  global listed companies.It has already secured half a dozen listed organizations as initial clients  and aims to build on its strong  established partnerships with key stock exchanges  including OTC Markets  where it is qualified as a Premium Provider in Investor Relations - as well as Euronext  Aquis in London  and BIVA in Mexico.Company principals Max Richardson and Ramon Pedrosa-Lopez. (PRNewsfoto/Pedrosa Richardson)Its mission is to raise the profile and disseminate the financial narratives of public corporations before the investor community in the American  British  and European markets  hence driving growth and value.Headquartered in London  Pedrosa Richardson is present in New York City (USA)  Madrid (Spain) from where it oversees its EU operations  and Almaty (Kazakhstan) as it works to develop its services across Central Asia.""We believe the key differentiator of publicly traded corporations  beyond a solid financial position  is having a strong public profile. Investor communications efforts clearly drive up market value in today's capital markets ""  said Max Richardson  the company's principal. ""And our growing client list speaks volumes.""The management of Pedrosa Richardson has developed a proven blend of strategy and technology over the years  to advise senior management and boards of listed issuers and pre-IPO companies  envisaging a leap into the international capital markets.Harnessing an agile  fast-moving  and digital model  the founders work upon the premise that investor communications and IR strategies demand AI  machine learning  and data analysis expertise.The firm's principals  Ramon Pedrosa-Lopez and Max Richardson are specialists in their respective fields  with over four decades of combined experience developing and executing campaigns for issuers listed on the LSE  OTC Markets  Euronext  and other capital markets.Seen as a top strategist in the industry  Pedrosa's insights have been featured in The New York Times and Forbes. He has advised private corporations in their public outreach and IR strategies and worked out of London  Hong Kong  Tokyo  Madrid  Valletta  Jakarta  Kuala Lumpur  and Mexico City. He holds the highest qualifications achievable in the IR industry.Richardson firmly established himself in the communications industry  coordinating global profile raising efforts for NASDAQ issuers  award-winning European banks  infrastructure conglomerates  and international energy and mining corporations.www.pedrosa-richardson.ukPhoto - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1958007/PEDROSA_RICHARDSON.jpgSOURCE Pedrosa Richardson",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Investor Communications firm Pedrosa Richardson', 'global listed companies', 'London', 'a dozen listed organizations', 'The New York Times', 'leading, global listed companies', 'global profile raising efforts', 'New York City', 'strong, established partnerships', 'growing client list', 'data analysis expertise', 'solid financial position', 'key stock exchanges', 'award-winning European banks', 'Investor communications efforts', 'strong public profile', 'other capital markets', 'international capital markets', 'Financial Communications firm', 'SOURCE Pedrosa Richardson', 'listed issuers', 'pre-IPO companies', 'European markets', 'financial narratives', 'key differentiator', 'international energy', 'OTC Markets', 'public outreach', 'Investor Relations', 'investor community', 'communications industry', 'public corporations', 'initial clients', 'Premium Provider', 'Max Richardson', 'Ramon Pedrosa-Lopez', 'EU operations', 'Central Asia', 'proven blend', 'digital model', 'IR strategies', 'machine learning', 'respective fields', 'four decades', 'combined experience', 'top strategist', 'Hong Kong', 'Kuala Lumpur', 'Mexico City', 'highest qualifications', 'infrastructure conglomerates', 'private corporations', 'mining corporations', 'IR industry', 'NASDAQ issuers', 'market value', 'senior management', 'Company principals', 'LONDON', 'PRNewswire', 'purpose', 'half', 'Euronext', 'Aquis', 'BIVA', 'PRNewsfoto', 'mission', 'growth', 'USA', 'Madrid', 'Spain', 'Almaty', 'Kazakhstan', 'services', 'volumes', 'strategy', 'technology', 'years', 'boards', 'leap', 'founders', 'premise', 'specialists', 'campaigns', 'LSE', 'insights', 'Forbes', 'Tokyo', 'Valletta', 'Jakarta', 'pedrosa-richardson', 'Photo', 'PEDROSA_RICHARDSON']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,prnewswire.com
13910,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/jobs/bank-of-ireland-listed-on-eurozone-gender-equality-index-42181800.html,Bank of Ireland listed on eurozone gender equality index,Bank of Ireland has made it on to a gender equality index run by the Paris stock exchange  the only Irish company to feature on the list.,Bank of Ireland has been publishing voluntary pay gap reports for the last two years in IrelandBank of Ireland has made it on to a gender equality index run by the Paris stock exchange  the only Irish company to feature on the list.The listing comes ahead of Ireland’s first gender pay gap reporting season  which begins next month.Bank of Ireland features alongside luxury brand owner LVMH and consumer goods giant Unilever on the Euronext Equileap Gender Equality Eurozone 100 index  launched on Tuesday.Read MoreDanone and Amundi  which employ a large number of staff in Ireland  are also on the list.Firms are listed based on high scores across 19 criteria  including gender balance in the workforce and in leadership  equal pay  gender equality policies and transparency.Bank of Ireland has been publishing voluntary pay gap reports for the last two years in Ireland.In 2021  it showed men were earning  on average  23.8pc more than women – a slight decrease on 2020.In the UK  the bank’s pay gap was much higher last year  at 34.89pc  despite employing almost as many men as women across the business.From Thursday  companies with more than 250 employees will be obliged to publish any differences between men’s and women’s hourly wages and bonuses in Ireland  along with the proportion of men and women at higher and lower pay levels.The UK has had similar legislation in place since 2017.An analysis of more than 50 Irish-based companies by Independent.ie – based on mandatory UK and voluntary Irish disclosures from 2021 – found that the pay gap here is around 16pc  in favour of men.While not exhaustive  the research shows the largest gaps between men’s and women’s earnings are in law firms  transport companies  management consultants and banks.A much larger study carried out by IrishJobs’s research arm  Universum  found a 16pc gender pay gap in Ireland in 2022  with the largest disparities in the IT sector.The news comes as the Government’s retail banking review recommends the lifting of bankers’ pay and bonus caps  which were put in place after the 2009 bailouts.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['eurozone gender equality index', 'Bank', 'Ireland', 'Euronext Equileap Gender Equality Eurozone 100 index', 'first gender pay gap reporting season', 'consumer goods giant Unilever', 'voluntary pay gap reports', '16pc gender pay gap', 'gender equality index', 'gender equality policies', 'lower pay levels', 'last two years', 'Paris stock exchange', 'luxury brand owner', 'retail banking review', 'gender balance', 'equal pay', 'bankers’ pay', 'Irish company', 'large number', 'high scores', 'slight decrease', 'hourly wages', 'similar legislation', 'Independent.ie', 'Irish disclosures', 'largest gaps', 'management consultants', 'larger study', 'largest disparities', 'IT sector', 'bonus caps', 'The UK', '50 Irish-based companies', 'mandatory UK', 'transport companies', 'law firms', 'research arm', 'many men', 'Ireland', 'list', 'LVMH', 'Tuesday', 'Danone', 'Amundi', 'staff', '19 criteria', 'workforce', 'leadership', 'transparency', 'women', '34.89pc', 'business', 'Thursday', '250 employees', 'differences', 'bonuses', 'proportion', 'higher', 'place', 'analysis', 'favour', 'earnings', 'banks', 'IrishJobs', 'Universum', 'news', 'Government', 'lifting', '2009 bailouts']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,independent.ie
13911,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dsm-comments-on-a-new-study-linking-covid-19-to-increased-risk-of-neurological-disorders---omega-3s-to-be-a-potential-solution-301688193.html,DSM comments on a new study linking COVID-19 to increased risk of neurological disorders - Omega 3s to be a potential solution,Parsippany N.J.  Nov. 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal DSM  a global science-based company active in Health  Nutrition and Bioscience  comments on the findings from a recently published paper in Nature Medicine which reported that those infected with COVID-19 a…,"Parsippany N.J.  Nov. 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Royal DSM  a global science-based company active in Health  Nutrition and Bioscience  comments on the findings from a recently published paper in Nature Medicine which reported that those infected with COVID-19 are at increased risk of long-term neurologic disorders that persist post infection.[i] These symptoms are one part of what is now known as ""long COVID "" which is estimated to impact 7.5% of adults in the total US population.[ii] The neurological conditions reported include cerebrovascular disease  cognition and memory disorders  sensory disorders and mental health conditions. Risk of neurologic conditions related to long COVID were elevated even in people who were not hospitalized with acute COVID-19 infection. The recent study also demonstrated that the risk was present regardless of age  race and sex  or conditions such as obesity  smoking  diabetes and immune dysfunction  amongst other factors.Researchers are working hard to understand the mechanisms by which COVID-19 infection leads to the neurological disorders observed in long COVID. Mechanisms of great interest include the inflammatory and oxidative stress responses present in COVID-19 infection. It is hypothesized that omega-3s – namely eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) – could help to lessen the impact of long COVID because they play an important role in modulating the inflammatory response and resolving inflammation in the body[iii] [iv] Additionally  omega-3s have been shown to have a positive impact on brain health – including brain development[v] [vi] [vii]  cognitive performance[viii] [ix] and mood[x] [xi] [xii] [xiii] – thus these nutritional ingredients are of particular interest in the context of neurological outcomes.The recent publication indicates promising opportunities to expand research on the potential role of omega-3 supplementation as part of a strategy to support long COVID symptoms. ""As a global leader of nutritional lipid solutions  DSM remains at the forefront of new developments in omega-3 science "" comments Dr. Sonia Hartunian-Sowa  Director of Science  Translation  & Advocacy  DSM. ""We're keen to help expand knowledge surrounding the role these important ingredients play in this emerging field of research and ultimately inspire the development of purpose-led health solutions.""For more information  join DSM at SupplySide West 2022 (booth 4355)  or visit here.DSMRoyal DSM is a global  purpose-led company in Health  Nutrition & Bioscience  applying science to improve the health of people  animals and the planet. DSM's purpose is to create brighter lives for all. DSM's products and solutions address some of the world's biggest challenges while simultaneously creating economic  environmental and societal value for all its stakeholders – customers  employees  shareholders  and society at large. The company was founded in 1902 and is listed on Euronext Amsterdam. More information can be found at www.dsm.com.[i] Xu et al. Long-term neurological outcomes of COVID-19. Nature Medicine  September  2022.[ii] CDC Long COVID or Post-COVID conditions. https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/long-term-effects/index.html.[iii] Yang et al. Long COVID and long chain fatty acids (LCFAs): Psychoneuroimmunity implication of omega-3 LCFAs in delayed consequences of COVID-19. Brain  Behavior  and Immunity  2022  103:19-27.[iv] Basil and Levy. Specialized pro-resolving mediators: endogenous regulators of infection and inflammation. Nature Reviews Immunology  2016  16(1):51-67.[v] Makrides et al. Fatty acid composition of brain  retina and erythrocytes in breast- and formula-fed infants. Am J Clin Nutr. 1994  60(2):189-194.[vi] Colombo et al. Long-term effects of LCPUFA supplementation on childhood cognitive outcomes  Am J Clin Nutr. 2013  98(2):403–12.[vii] Martinez. Tissue levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids during early human development. J Pediatr. 1992  120(4 Pt 2):S129-138.[viii] Witte et al. Long-chain omega-3 fatty acids improve brain function and structure in older adults. Cereb Corte. 2014  24(11):3059–3068.[ix] Martí and Fortique. Omega-3 fatty acids and cognitive decline: a systematic review. Nutr Hosp  2019  36(4):939-949.[x] Liao et al. Efficacy of omega-3 PUFAs in depression: A meta-analysis. Translational Psychiatry  2019  9(190):1–9.[xi] Hallahan et al. Efficacy of omega-3 highly unsaturated fatty acids in the treatment of depression. The British J of Psychiatry  2016  209(3):192-201.[xii] Guu et al. International Society for Nutritional Psychiatry Research Practice Guidelines for omega-3 fatty acids in the treatment of major depressive disorder. Psychotherapy & Psychodynamics. 2019  88(5):263-273.[xiii] Mocking et al. Meta-analysis and meta-regression of omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids supplementation for major depressive disorder. Translational Psychiatry  2016  6(3):e756.Contact - BDB:Eleanor Tarling+44 (0)7467 783675[email protected]SOURCE DSM",negative,0.0,0.19,0.8,mixed,0.19,0.16,0.64,True,English,"['DSM comments', 'new study', 'neurological disorders', 'potential solution', 'COVID', 'risk', 'Omega', 'omega-3 highly unsaturated fatty acids', 'Nutritional Psychiatry Research Practice Guidelines', 'omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids supplementation', 'Long-chain omega-3 fatty acids', 'Am J Clin Nutr.', 'long chain fatty acids', 'Fatty acid composition', 'total US population', 'oxidative stress responses', 'Dr. Sonia Hartunian-Sowa', 'Specialized pro-resolving mediators', 'The British J', 'major depressive disorder', 'nutritional lipid solutions', 'Nature Reviews Immunology', 'global science-based company', 'global, purpose-led company', 'childhood cognitive outcomes', 'early human development', 'Long-term neurological outcomes', 'long-term neurologic disorders', 'purpose-led health solutions', 'mental health conditions', 'acute COVID-19 infection', 'long COVID symptoms', 'CDC Long COVID', 'omega-3 supplementation', 'nutritional ingredients', 'Nutr Hosp', 'omega-3 PUFAs', 'N.J.', 'LCPUFA supplementation', 'J Pediatr', 'Translational Psychiatry', 'global leader', 'Long-term effects', 'omega-3 LCFAs', 'neurologic conditions', 'neurological disorders', 'omega-3 science', 'Nature Medicine', 'eicosapentaenoic acid', 'docosahexaenoic acid', 'cognitive performance', 'cognitive decline', 'neurological conditions', 'memory disorders', 'sensory disorders', 'cerebrovascular disease', 'recent study', 'immune dysfunction', 'other factors', 'great interest', 'particular interest', 'recent publication', 'promising opportunities', 'new developments', 'important ingredients', 'emerging field', 'SupplySide West', 'brighter lives', 'biggest challenges', 'economic, environmental', 'societal value', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Post-COVID conditions', 'Psychoneuroimmunity implication', 'delayed consequences', 'endogenous regulators', 'formula-fed infants', 'Tissue levels', 'Cereb Corte', 'systematic review', 'Eleanor Tarling', 'important role', 'potential role', 'brain development', 'brain function', 'one part', 'positive impact', 'More information', 'older adults', 'International Society', 'brain health', 'Royal DSM', 'SOURCE DSM', 'DSM.', 'Parsippany', 'PRNewswire', 'Bioscience', 'findings', 'paper', 'risk', 'cognition', 'people', 'age', 'race', 'sex', 'obesity', 'smoking', 'diabetes', 'Researchers', 'mechanisms', 'omega-3s', 'EPA', 'DHA', 'inflammation', 'body', 'mood', 'context', 'strategy', 'forefront', 'Director', 'Advocacy', 'knowledge', 'booth', 'animals', 'planet', 'products', 'world', 'stakeholders', 'customers', 'employees', 'shareholders', 'Xu', 'September', 'coronavirus', 'long-term-effects', 'Yang', 'Basil', 'Levy', 'Makrides', 'retina', 'erythrocytes', 'Colombo', 'Martinez', 'Witte', 'structure', 'ix', 'Martí', 'Fortique', 'Liao', 'Efficacy', 'depression', 'meta-analysis', 'Hallahan', 'treatment', 'Psychotherapy', 'Psychodynamics', 'Mocking', 'meta-regression', 'Contact', 'BDB']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,prnewswire.com
13912,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/rixos-gulf-hotel-doha-brings-first-all-inclusive-experience-to-doha-301688544.html,Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha brings first all-inclusive experience to Doha,HOTEL IS A KEY MILESTONE FOR THE RIXOS HOTELS BRAND AS IT IS THE FIRST 5-STAR ALL-INCLUSIVE HOTEL IN DOHA DOHA  Qatar  Nov. 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ - Accor Group  in partnership with Katara Hospitality  are delighted to announce the opening of Rixos Gulf Hotel …,"HOTEL IS A KEY MILESTONE FOR THE RIXOS HOTELS BRAND AS IT IS THE FIRST 5-STAR ALL-INCLUSIVE HOTEL IN DOHADOHA  Qatar  Nov. 29  2022 /PRNewswire/ - Accor Group  in partnership with Katara Hospitality  are delighted to announce the opening of Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha. This hotel is a key milestone for the Rixos Hotels brand as it is the first 5-star All-Inclusive hotel in Doha  reiterating the brand's commitment to creating an elevated 360° experience for guests.Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha brings all-inclusive experience to Qatar (CNW Group/Accor)Since its opening in 1973 as the Gulf Hotel  the building itself has become a landmark in the city and this new venture reimagines the property with luxurious offerings under the All-Inclusive concept within the Rixos brand name. Established in 2000  this fast-growing Turkish hotel brand has redefined the meaning of All-Inclusive by creating individual and meaningful experiences through an unlimited selection of premium products and services across bucket-list worthy destinations  offering a fresh perspective on the discerning travelers' kind of paradise. From abundant flavors  sports activities  professional entertainment  kids' activities and immersive spa experiences  guests at Rixos Gulf Doha Hotel will embark on a memorable journey to unlocking an All-Inclusive paradise.Fettah Tamince  Chairman of the Board of Directors of Rixos Hotels said: ""This iconic landmark is the ideal venue to introduce Rixos and its All-Inclusive concept to Qatar. Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha perfectly balances the striking contrast between the 1970's architecture of one of Doha's most recognized landmarks with all the style and functionality that is expected of a leading 21st-century luxury hotel.""Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha consists of two distinct towers comprising of approximately 378 luxurious rooms and suites. Guest rooms blend comfort with cutting-edge technology to satisfy every guest from corporate travelers to socialites. The hotel also recognizes that relaxation and rejuvenation are an essential part of any visitor's stay  featuring the brand's highly-acclaimed and signature  Anjana Spa.This trendy hotel will feature something for guests of all ages and lifestyles  with luxurious amenities  a vibrant entertainment program  several dining outlets and soon to open engaging kids club and state of the art fitness facilities. Guests will be spoilt for choice with seven different dining outlets located across the property. Farmhouse  the all-day dining restaurant  will introduce guests to high quality  farm-fresh ingredients  with an emphasis on authentic Turkish cuisine. Those seeking an Indian flair will be delighted at Rasa presenting Indian classics with a modern take  combining international ingredients with an Indian essence. To complete the five-star dining experience  guests will have the opportunity to dine on the finest meat cuts at the steakhouse  Mr. Tailor or enjoy an eclectic array of cuisines with a beautiful view to match at Akte Pier 51.Those with a sweet tooth will revel in Crust  the 24-hour lobby lounge featuring a bakery with desserts guaranteed to be a feast for the eyes and the tastebuds. To break away from the crowd and relax in their own  private bit of luxury  VIP guests and suite bookers can enjoy a coffee or drink and mouthwatering desserts in M lounge.Set to open at a later stage  fitness junkies will be able to maintain their exercise routines at the Exclusive Sports Club. Guests might even fall in love with a new sport by participating in the numerous fitness classes offered throughout the day including yoga  Zumba and HIIT workouts.While parents soak up the sun and sip on ZOH's signature beverages by the pool  kids can build new friendships while engaging in fun  yet educational activities at Rixy Kids Club. The fully-supervised kids programme boasts numerous games and fun activities like arts and crafts  science experiments and even a Kids Disco!The opening of Rixos Gulf Doha Hotel under the Rixos Hotel's brand will help strengthen its position as Doha's most iconic property  with the highest standards of premium offerings and modern facilities in all aspects of its operations. Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha exemplifies the very epitome of All-Inclusive  a first in Doha  from a brand known around the world for its refined offerings and premium standards. Located close to the Doha International Airport  the hotel is a treasured landmark on the Doha coastline and will be easily accessible to business travelers or those guests looking to stay at a lifestyle destination.Cenk Ünverdi  Regional General Manager of Rixos Hotels UAE commented: ""The opening of Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha is a monumental achievement for everyone involved  and the introduction of the All-Inclusive concept in Qatar's hospitality landscape helps reiterate the hotel's commitment to creating an elevated brand experience for guests.""Sherif Kasseb  General Manager of Rixos Gulf Doha Hotel added: ""The Qatari market is ready for an All-Inclusive destination where guests' only concern is to sit back and unwind while their every need is attended to. Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha is fulling this market gap and will soon become the go-to destination for business travelers and vacationers alike. We look forward to welcoming guests to our hotel.""About AccorAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 230 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its global sustainability commitments (such as achieving Net Zero Carbon emissions by 2050  global elimination of single use plastics in its hotels' guest experience  etc.)  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.ABOUT RIXOS HOTELSEstablished in 2000  Rixos is one of the world's fastest-growing luxury hotel chains specialising in memorable all-inclusive holidays. At the heart of every Rixos Hotel & Resort is a revitalising wellness spa with an authentic Turkish Hammam  renowned for its unique selection of spa rituals. Each hotel offers a distinctive variety of restaurants and bars  an exciting entertainment schedule and a diverse range of opulently appointed rooms and suites.Each Rixos  be it in Turkey  UAE  Russia  Croatia  Switzerland  Egypt serves as a genuinely inspiring location to see due to its best-in-class facilities  dining options and entertainment venues. The award-winning Rixos Hotels have received global recognition from distinguished professional bodies including the American Five Star Diamond Award  Conde Nast  World Travel Awards and Trip Advisor.Rixos Hotels currently operates four hotels in the United Arab Emirates: Rixos Premium Dubai in JBR Dubai  Rixos The Palm Dubai Hotel & Suites in Palm Jumeirah Dubai  Rixos Bab Al Bahr in Ras Al Khaimah and Rixos Premium Saadiyat Island in Abu Dhabi.SOURCE Accor",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.59,0.08,0.33,True,English,"['Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha', 'first all-inclusive experience', 'high quality, farm-fresh ingredients', 'seven different dining outlets', 'leading 21st-century luxury hotel', 'FIRST 5-STAR ALL-INCLUSIVE HOTEL', 'Rixos Gulf Hotel Doha', 'Rixos Gulf Doha Hotel', 'growing Turkish hotel brand', 'several dining outlets', 'authentic Turkish cuisine', 'Rixos Hotels UAE', 'bucket-list worthy destinations', 'two distinct towers', 'finest meat cuts', 'five-star dining experience', 'Rixos brand name', 'vibrant entertainment program', '24-hour lobby lounge', 'Exclusive Sports Club', ""discerning travelers' kind"", 'RIXOS HOTELS BRAND', 'Doha International Airport', 'day dining restaurant', 'engaging kids club', 'Rixy Kids Club', 'immersive spa experiences', 'Regional General Manager', 'The Qatari market', 'numerous fitness classes', 'elevated brand experience', 'international ingredients', 'elevated 360° experience', 'trendy hotel', 'Doha coastline', 'inclusive experience', 'meaningful experiences', 'sports activities', 'professional entertainment', 'Anjana Spa', 'M lounge.', 'numerous games', 'corporate travelers', 'fitness facilities', 'fitness junkies', 'business travelers', 'All-Inclusive concept', 'All-Inclusive destination', ""kids' activities"", 'kids programme', 'Kids Disco', 'Katara Hospitality', 'CNW Group', 'new venture', 'luxurious offerings', 'unlimited selection', 'premium products', 'fresh perspective', 'abundant flavors', 'memorable journey', 'Fettah Tamince', 'ideal venue', 'striking contrast', '378 luxurious rooms', 'cutting-edge technology', 'essential part', 'luxurious amenities', 'Indian flair', 'Indian classics', 'modern take', 'Indian essence', 'Mr. Tailor', 'eclectic array', 'beautiful view', 'Akte Pier', 'sweet tooth', 'private bit', 'suite bookers', 'later stage', 'exercise routines', 'new sport', 'HIIT workouts', 'new friendships', 'educational activities', 'fun activities', 'science experiments', 'highest standards', 'premium offerings', 'modern facilities', 'refined offerings', 'premium standards', 'lifestyle destination', 'Cenk Ünverdi', 'monumental achievement', 'hospitality landscape', 'Sherif Kasseb', 'All-Inclusive paradise', 'iconic landmark', 'treasured landmark', 'Accor Group', 'key milestone', 'Guest rooms', 'mouthwatering desserts', 'signature beverages', 'iconic property', 'VIP guests', 'PRNewswire', 'partnership', 'opening', 'commitment', 'building', 'city', 'individual', 'services', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'Directors', 'architecture', 'landmarks', 'functionality', 'suites', 'comfort', 'socialites', 'relaxation', 'rejuvenation', 'visitor', 'stay', 'acclaimed', 'something', 'lifestyles', 'state', 'choice', 'Farmhouse', 'emphasis', 'Rasa', 'opportunity', 'steakhouse', 'cuisines', 'Crust', 'bakery', 'feast', 'eyes', 'tastebuds', 'crowd', 'coffee', 'drink', 'love', 'yoga', 'Zumba', 'parents', 'sun', 'ZOH', 'pool', 'arts', 'crafts', 'position', 'aspects', 'operations', 'epitome', 'world', 'everyone', 'introduction', 'concern']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,prnewswire.com
13913,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.reuters.com/markets/commodities/euronexts-commodities-trading-halted-by-technical-hitch-2022-11-29/,Euronext's commodities trading halted by technical hitch,"Financial markets operator Euronext <a href=""https://www.reuters.com/companies/ENX.PA"" target=""_blank"">(ENX.PA)</a> said on Tuesday that trading in its commodity derivatives  which include its flagship milling wheat futures contract   had been halted by a tec…",PARIS  Nov 29 (Reuters) - Trading in Euronext's (ENX.PA) commodity derivatives  including its flagship milling wheat futures   stopped for more than an hour on Tuesday following a technical incident.The incident occurred at 10:46 a.m. Central European Time (0946 GMT) - one minute after the opening of Tuesday's session -  Euronext said  adding that its other markets were not affected.Trading resumed at 12:00 p.m.  with Euronext indicating in an update that all transactions that took place before the halt had been received and reconciled by central clearing counterparties (CCPs).Euronext's commodity markets also include rapeseed and maize (corn) futures.Reporting by Gus Trompiz and Dominique Vidalon  editing by Sybille de La Hamaide and Louise HeavensOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.,neutral,0.0,0.94,0.06,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['commodities trading', 'technical hitch', 'Euronext', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'Sybille de La Hamaide', 'flagship milling wheat futures', 'maize (corn) futures', 'Central European Time', 'central clearing counterparties', 'commodity derivatives', 'an hour', 'other markets', 'commodity markets', 'Gus Trompiz', 'Dominique Vidalon', 'Louise Heavens', 'technical incident', 'PARIS', 'Trading', 'Euronext', 'Tuesday', '10:46 a', '0946 GMT', 'opening', 'session', 'update', 'transactions', 'place', 'CCPs', 'rapeseed', 'Reporting', 'Standards', '12:00']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,reuters.com
13914,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/investor-communications-firm-pedrosa-richardson-211800154.html,Investor Communications firm Pedrosa Richardson will service global listed companies from London,Investor Relations and Financial Communications firm Pedrosa Richardson started trading internationally from London today  with the purpose of supporting leading  global listed companies.,"LONDON  Nov. 30  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Investor Relations and Financial Communications firm Pedrosa Richardson started trading internationally from London today  with the purpose of supporting leading  global listed companies.Company principals Max Richardson and Ramon Pedrosa-Lopez.It has already secured half a dozen listed organizations as initial clients  and aims to build on its strong  established partnerships with key stock exchanges  including OTC Markets  where it is qualified as a Premium Provider in Investor Relations - as well as Euronext  Aquis in London  and BIVA in Mexico.Its mission is to raise the profile and disseminate the financial narratives of public corporations before the investor community in the American  British  and European markets  hence driving growth and value.Headquartered in London  Pedrosa Richardson is present in New York City (USA)  Madrid (Spain) from where it oversees its EU operations  and Almaty (Kazakhstan) as it works to develop its services across Central Asia.""We believe the key differentiator of publicly traded corporations  beyond a solid financial position  is having a strong public profile. Investor communications efforts clearly drive up market value in today's capital markets ""  said Max Richardson  the company's principal. ""And our growing client list speaks volumes.""The management of Pedrosa Richardson has developed a proven blend of strategy and technology over the years  to advise senior management and boards of listed issuers and pre-IPO companies  envisaging a leap into the international capital markets.Harnessing an agile  fast-moving  and digital model  the founders work upon the premise that investor communications and IR strategies demand AI  machine learning  and data analysis expertise.The firm's principals  Ramon Pedrosa-Lopez and Max Richardson are specialists in their respective fields  with over four decades of combined experience developing and executing campaigns for issuers listed on the LSE  OTC Markets  Euronext  and other capital markets.Story continuesSeen as a top strategist in the industry  Pedrosa's insights have been featured in The New York Times and Forbes. He has advised private corporations in their public outreach and IR strategies and worked out of London  Hong Kong  Tokyo  Madrid  Valletta  Jakarta  Kuala Lumpur  and Mexico City. He holds the highest qualifications achievable in the IR industry.Richardson firmly established himself in the communications industry  coordinating global profile raising efforts for NASDAQ issuers  award-winning European banks  infrastructure conglomerates  and international energy and mining corporations.www.pedrosa-richardson.ukSOURCE Pedrosa Richardson",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Investor Communications firm Pedrosa Richardson', 'global listed companies', 'London', 'a dozen listed organizations', 'The New York Times', 'leading, global listed companies', 'global profile raising efforts', 'New York City', 'strong, established partnerships', 'growing client list', 'data analysis expertise', 'solid financial position', 'key stock exchanges', 'award-winning European banks', 'Investor communications efforts', 'strong public profile', 'other capital markets', 'international capital markets', 'Financial Communications firm', 'SOURCE Pedrosa Richardson', 'listed issuers', 'pre-IPO companies', 'European markets', 'financial narratives', 'key differentiator', 'international energy', 'OTC Markets', 'public outreach', 'Investor Relations', 'investor community', 'communications industry', 'public corporations', 'Max Richardson', 'Ramon Pedrosa-Lopez', 'initial clients', 'Premium Provider', 'EU operations', 'Central Asia', 'proven blend', 'digital model', 'IR strategies', 'machine learning', 'respective fields', 'four decades', 'combined experience', 'top strategist', 'Hong Kong', 'Kuala Lumpur', 'Mexico City', 'highest qualifications', 'infrastructure conglomerates', 'private corporations', 'mining corporations', 'IR industry', 'NASDAQ issuers', 'market value', 'senior management', 'Company principals', 'LONDON', 'PRNewswire', 'purpose', 'half', 'Euronext', 'Aquis', 'BIVA', 'mission', 'growth', 'USA', 'Madrid', 'Spain', 'Almaty', 'Kazakhstan', 'services', 'volumes', 'strategy', 'technology', 'years', 'boards', 'leap', 'founders', 'premise', 'specialists', 'executing', 'campaigns', 'LSE', 'Story', 'insights', 'Forbes', 'Tokyo', 'Valletta', 'Jakarta', 'pedrosa-richardson']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13915,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.benzinga.com/pressreleases/22/11/g29896718/mdxhealth-provides-business-update,MDxHealth Provides Business Update,INSIDE AND REGULATED INFORMATION29 NOVEMBER 2022  4:00PM EDT / 22:00 CET MDxHealth Provides Business Update IRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – – MDxHealth SA (NASDAQ/Euronext: MDXH)  a,"NEWS RELEASE – INSIDE AND REGULATED INFORMATION29 NOVEMBER 2022  4:00PM EDT / 22:00 CETMDxHealth Provides Business UpdateIRVINE  CA  and HERSTAL  BELGIUM – November 29  2022 – MDxHealth SA (NASDAQ/Euronext: MDXH)  a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company  today provided clinical and reimbursement product developments  updated guidance for 2022  and initial guidance for 2023.Select mdx reimbursement updateUnder the foundational LCD (Local Coverage Decision) process recently implemented by the Molecular Diagnostics Services (MolDX) Program administered by Palmetto GBA  all tests within an LCD-covered indication must submit a Technical Assessment (TA) for review and consideration. The indication for use of Select mdx is covered by Medicare's foundational LCD Molecular Biomarkers to Risk-Stratify Patients at Increased Risk for Prostate Cancer  which became effective in July 2022. The Select mdx TA has already been submitted and we are engaged in an interactive review process with MolDX. Based on our most recent communication with MolDX  a final coverage decision is not expected until H1 2023.NCCN Guidelines expand Genomic Prostate Score (GPS) indication to include high-risk patientsThe recently released NCCN for Prostate Cancer Guideline (Version 1.2023)* expands the indication for use of the GPS test to include high-risk patients with localized prostate cancer. In August 2022  mdxhealth announced that it acquired the Oncotype DX Genomic Prostate Score® (GPS) test from Exact Sciences  further solidifying the Company's leadership in the precision diagnostics urology market. This expanded criteria to address high-risk patients provides additional validation for the clinical utility of GPS in making prostate cancer treatment decisions and enables us to more fully serve our targeted patient population.Michael K. McGarrity  CEO of mdxhealth  commented: ""Securing Medicare reimbursement for new molecular diagnostic technologies is now a more rigorous and iterative process under the new Foundational LCD program. Due to the additional time required to obtain Medicare coverage  the Company no longer expects to receive Medicare payments for Select mdx tests in 2022. Based on this development  coupled with revenue cycle timing associated with the acquisition and integration of the GPS test  the Company is revising its 2022 revenue guidance to $36.5-37.5 million from $40-42 million. We remain confident in our ability to address any remaining questions with MolDX  which we believe will lead to a positive reimbursement decision for Select mdx in the first half of 2023. To further underscore the growing diagnostic value of Select mdx  we are also pleased to report that the results of an independent  multi-institutional clinical study was recently recognized as a best poster by the American Urological Association  demonstrating the diagnostic accuracy of Select mdx and as well as its complementary utility with mpMRI for the prediction of prostate cancer in biopsies.""Further  we are also pleased to note the expanded indication for our GPS test in the recently updated NCCN Prostate Cancer guidelines""  continued Mr. McGarrity. ""The addition of GPS to our current menu of tests targeted into urology and prostate cancer reflects our strategy to generate sustainable growth and enable mdxhealth to become the leading precision diagnostics company with the most comprehensive test menu focused on prostate cancer. While early  we are well into our integration plan for our GPS test and have our expanded field sales organization in place to support continued growth. With multiple levers for sustainable revenue growth  the company is initiating 2023 revenue guidance of $65-70 million.""About mdxhealth®Mdxhealth is a commercial-stage precision diagnostics company that provides actionable molecular diagnostic information to personalize the diagnosis and treatment of cancer. The Company's tests are based on proprietary genetic  epigenetic (methylation) and other molecular technologies and assist physicians with the diagnosis of urologic cancers and prognosis of recurrence risk. The Company's European headquarters are in Herstal  Belgium  with laboratory operations in Nijmegen  The Netherlands  and U.S. headquarters and laboratory operations based in Irvine  California  with additional laboratory operations in Plano  Texas. For more information  visit mdxhealth.com and follow us on social media at: twitter.com/mdxhealth  facebook.com/mdxhealth and linkedin.com/company/mdxhealth.For more information:mdxhealthinfo@mdxhealth.comLifeSci Advisors (IR & PR)US: +1 949 271 9223ir@mdxhealth.comThis press release contains forward-looking statements and estimates with respect to the anticipated future performance of MDxHealth and the market in which it operates  all of which involve certain risks and uncertainties. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as ""potential "" ""expect "" ""will "" ""goal "" ""next "" ""potential "" ""aim "" ""explore "" ""forward "" ""future "" and ""believes"" as well as similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this release include  but are not limited to  statements regarding the acquisition of Oncotype DX® GPS prostate cancer business from Exact Sciences including statements regarding the anticipated benefits of the acquisition; statements. Such statements and estimates are based on assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable but may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict  may depend upon factors that are beyond the company's control  and may turn out to be materially different. Examples of forward-looking statements include  among others  statements we make regarding expected future operating results  product development efforts  our strategies  positioning  resources  capabilities and expectations for future events or performance. Important factors that could cause actual results  conditions and events to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include  among others  the following: uncertainties associated with the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic  including its possible effects on our operations  and the demand for our products; our ability to successfully and profitably market our products; the acceptance of our products and services by healthcare providers; the willingness of health insurance companies and other payers to cover our products and services and adequately reimburse us for such products and services; our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals and comply with applicable regulations; the possibility that the anticipated benefits from our business acquisitions like our acquisition of the Oncotype DX® GPS prostate cancer business will not be realized in full or at all or may take longer to realize than expected; and the amount and nature of competition for our products and services. Other important risks and uncertainties are described in the Risk Factors sections of our most recent Annual Report on Form 20-F and in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. MDxHealth expressly disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statements in this release to reflect any change in its expectations with regard thereto or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based unless required by law or regulation. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities or assets of MDxHealth in any jurisdiction. No securities of MDxHealth may be offered or sold within the United States without registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  or in compliance with an exemption therefrom  and in accordance with any applicable U.S. securities laws.NOTE: The mdxhealth logo  mdxhealth  Confirm mdx  Select mdx  Resolve mdx  Genomic Prostate Score  GPS and Monitor mdx are trademarks or registered trademarks of MDxHealth SA. All other trademarks and service marks are the property of their respective owners.*NCCN Prostate Cancer Guidelines 1.2023 Discussion Update in Progress (Nov.29  2022)Attachment",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.62,0.19,0.19,True,English,"['Business Update', 'MDxHealth', 'foundational LCD (Local Coverage Decision) process', 'Oncotype DX Genomic Prostate Score®', 'foundational LCD Molecular Biomarkers', 'new Foundational LCD program', 'new molecular diagnostic technologies', 'independent, multi-institutional clinical study', 'commercial-stage precision diagnostics company', 'leading precision diagnostics company', 'actionable molecular diagnostic information', 'prostate cancer treatment decisions', 'NCCN Prostate Cancer guidelines', 'final coverage decision', 'Molecular Diagnostics Services', 'other molecular technologies', 'The Select mdx TA', 'positive reimbursement decision', 'growing diagnostic value', 'targeted patient population', 'American Urological Association', 'field sales organization', 'reimbursement product developments', 'interactive review process', 'localized prostate cancer', 'Michael K. McGarrity', 'revenue cycle timing', 'U.S. headquarters', 'mdx reimbursement update', 'comprehensive test menu', 'diagnostics urology market', 'sustainable revenue growth', 'additional laboratory operations', 'Select mdx tests', 'iterative process', 'Medicare coverage', 'NCCN Guidelines', 'diagnostic accuracy', 'sustainable growth', 'The Company', 'Business Update', 'Medicare reimbursement', 'Mr. McGarrity', 'current menu', 'European headquarters', 'The Netherlands', 'additional validation', 'clinical utility', 'additional time', 'continued growth', 'MolDX) Program', '2022 revenue guidance', '2023 revenue guidance', 'NEWS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Palmetto GBA', 'Technical Assessment', 'Increased Risk', 'recent communication', 'Exact Sciences', 'remaining questions', 'first half', 'best poster', 'complementary utility', 'multiple levers', 'recurrence risk', 'social media', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'press release', 'GPS test', 'GPS) test', 'initial guidance', 'high-risk patients', 'Medicare payments', 'integration plan', 'forward-looking statements', 'future performance', 'LCD-covered indication', 'GPS) indication', 'MDxHealth SA', 'mdxhealth®', 'INSIDE', '29 NOVEMBER', '4:00PM', '22:00 CET', 'IRVINE', 'HERSTAL', 'BELGIUM', 'NASDAQ/Euronext', 'consideration', 'use', 'July', 'H1', 'Version', 'August', 'leadership', 'criteria', 'CEO', 'rigorous', 'acquisition', 'ability', 'results', 'prediction', 'biopsies', 'strategy', 'place', 'diagnosis', 'methylation', 'physicians', 'cancers', 'prognosis', 'Nijmegen', 'California', 'Plano', 'Texas', 'estimates', 'respect', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'words', 'phrases', 'potential', 'believes']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,benzinga.com
13916,EuroNext,Bing API,https://nz.finance.yahoo.com/news/cleverbase-selects-verimatrix-code-shield-173000076.html,Cleverbase Selects Verimatrix Code Shield for Strong Cybersecurity,Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX) (Paris:VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced that Netherlands-based Cleverbase turned to Verimatrix Code Shield to protect its Vidua mobile app for Android and iOS.,"E-signatures  login  encrypted information exchange and archiving within the Vidua app safeguarded against cyber-attacks by award-winning threat defense technologiesAIX-EN-PROVENCE  France & SAN DIEGO  November 29  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Verimatrix  (Euronext Paris: VMX) (Paris:VMX)  the leader in powering the modern connected world with people-centered security  today announced that Netherlands-based Cleverbase turned to Verimatrix Code Shield to protect its Vidua mobile app for Android and iOS.Aiming to make all paper communication  pen signatures and physical identification no longer needed  Cleverbase’s Vidua app is designed to store information easily and securely for Netherlands-based businesses. Organizations throughout the country choose to partner with Vidua to enable their customers to interact fully digitally  saving time and effort while doing so with peace of mind that the app they’re using consistently protects their sensitive data.""The very nature of our business at Cleverbase demands the foremost security technologies that protect against threats such as reverse engineering and tampering "" said Sander Dijkhuis  Chief Technology Officer at Cleverbase. ""Verimatrix’s Code Shield  following significant evaluation  became the clear answer to our code protection needs for the Vidua app. Our commitment to offering user-friendly  future-proof services for our customers pairs well with Verimatrix’s obvious dedication to security innovation and efficiency.""""The most guarded organizations in the world are being infiltrated via mobile devices "" said Juha Högmander  vice president  cybersecurity business at Verimatrix. ""We’ve seen hackers target consumers at the device-level  via unshielded apps  and they do it because they know today's smartphones are entry vectors to an abundance of enterprise data and customer information that can be exploited on the dark web. We are proud to have a Qualified Trust Service Provider like Cleverbase as a new customer.""Story continuesTo learn more about how Verimatrix helps Qualified Trust Service Providers around the world defend against mobile threats  please visit: www.verimatrix.com.About Vidua - Powered by CleverbaseVidua believes in a reliable digital society in which everyone and all organizations can participate and where people have control over their own data. We work on the highest level of trust in every customer journey. Now and in the future we are working on a better  safer digital society. Cleverbase is the Qualified Trust Service Provider behind Vidua. According to the strictest requirements of the Dutch government  Cleverbase issues the certificates that belong to your qualified signature (PKIoverheid certificates). That is why Cleverbase is on your certificate. Visit www.cleverbase.com.About VerimatrixVerimatrix (Euronext Paris: VMX) helps power the modern connected world with security made for people. We protect digital content  applications  and devices with intuitive  people-centered and frictionless security. Leading brands turn to Verimatrix to secure everything from premium movies and live streaming sports  to sensitive financial and healthcare data  to mission-critical mobile applications. We enable the trusted connections our customers depend on to deliver compelling content and experiences to millions of consumers around the world. Verimatrix helps partners get to market faster  scale easily  protect valuable revenue streams  and win new business. Visit www.verimatrix.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221129005599/en/ContactsVerimatrix Investor Contact:Jean-François Labadie  Chief Financial Officerfinance@verimatrix.comVerimatrix Media Contact:Matthew Zintelmatthew.zintel@zintelpr.com",neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,mixed,0.62,0.13,0.25,True,English,"['Verimatrix Code Shield', 'Strong Cybersecurity', 'Cleverbase', 'award-winning threat defense technologies', 'Qualified Trust Service Provider', 'Chief Technology Officer', 'user-friendly, future-proof services', 'Juha Högmander', 'live streaming sports', 'valuable revenue streams', 'Jean-François Labadie', 'code protection needs', 'reliable digital society', 'safer digital society', 'foremost security technologies', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'encrypted information exchange', 'critical mobile applications', 'Verimatrix Investor Contact', 'Verimatrix Media Contact', 'Verimatrix Code Shield', 'modern connected world', 'Vidua mobile app', 'qualified signature', 'digital content', 'sensitive financial', 'SAN DIEGO', 'Regulatory News', 'people-centered security', 'paper communication', 'pen signatures', 'physical identification', 'Netherlands-based businesses', 'reverse engineering', 'Sander Dijkhuis', 'significant evaluation', 'clear answer', 'obvious dedication', 'security innovation', 'mobile devices', 'vice president', 'unshielded apps', 'entry vectors', 'customer information', 'dark web', 'new customer', 'mobile threats', 'highest level', 'customer journey', 'strictest requirements', 'Dutch government', 'intuitive, people-centered', 'frictionless security', 'Leading brands', 'premium movies', 'trusted connections', 'compelling content', 'source version', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'sensitive data', 'cybersecurity business', 'enterprise data', 'healthcare data', 'new business', 'Euronext Paris', 'Vidua app', 'PKIoverheid certificates', 'Matthew Zintel', 'Netherlands-based Cleverbase', 'E-signatures', 'login', 'archiving', 'cyber-attacks', 'AIX-EN-PROVENCE', 'France', 'November', 'VMX', 'leader', 'Android', 'iOS', 'Organizations', 'country', 'customers', 'time', 'effort', 'peace', 'mind', 'tampering', 'commitment', 'efficiency', 'hackers', 'consumers', 'device-level', 'today', 'smartphones', 'abundance', 'Story', 'everyone', 'control', 'everything', 'mission', 'experiences', 'millions', 'partners', 'businesswire', 'Contacts']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,nz.finance.yahoo.com
13917,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/valneva-host-investor-day-york-170000751.html,Valneva to Host Investor Day in New York City,PM ET Saint-Herblain (France)  – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced it will host an in-person investor day in New York City to discuss the Company’s current vaccine pipeline ,"VALNEVALive event and webcast December 6  2022 10 AM – 12 PM ETSaint-Herblain (France)  November 29  2022 – Valneva SE (Nasdaq: VALN; Euronext Paris: VLA)  a specialty vaccine company  today announced it will host an in-person investor day in New York City to discuss the Company’s current vaccine pipeline  commercial products  and future directions from 10:00 AM to 12:00 PM ET on Tuesday  December 6  2022. The event will also be webcast live and archived on the Company’s website.Valneva’s Chief Executive Officer Thomas Lingelbach  Chief Financial Officer Peter Bühler  and other members of the Company’s senior leadership team will highlight Valneva’s core near- and mid-term value drivers: its Lyme disease vaccine candidate VLA15 (Phase 3  partnered with Pfizer)  which is the only Lyme vaccine program in advanced clinical development worldwide  and its single shot chikungunya virus vaccine candidate VLA1553  for which pre-commercial and market access preparations are ongoing as rolling submission of a biologics license application (BLA) is currently underway. Valneva will also provide an update on its existing commercial business and select pre-clinical development programs  followed by a financial overview.A live Q&A session will follow the formal presentations with opportunity for virtual attendees to participate in the Q&A.To register for the event  please click here .About Valneva SEValneva is a specialty vaccine company focused on the development and commercialization of prophylactic vaccines for infectious diseases with significant unmet medical need. The Company takes a highly specialized and targeted approach to vaccine development and then applies its deep understanding of vaccine science to develop prophylactic vaccines addressing these diseases. Valneva has leveraged its expertise and capabilities both to commercialize three vaccines and to rapidly advance a broad range of vaccine candidates into and through the clinic  including candidates against Lyme disease and the chikungunya virus.Story continuesMedia & Investor ContactsLaëtitia Bachelot-FontaineVP Global Communications & European Investor RelationsM +33 (0)6 4516 7099laetitia.bachelot-fontaine@valneva.comJoshua Drumm  Ph.D.VP Global Investor RelationsM +001 917 815 4520joshua.drumm@valneva.comValneva Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements relating to the business of Valneva  including with respect to its product candidates and estimates for future performance. In addition  even if the actual results or development of Valneva are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments of Valneva may not be sustained in the future. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by words such as ""could "" ""should "" ""may "" ""expects "" ""anticipates "" ""believes "" ""intends "" ""estimates "" ""aims "" ""targets "" or similar words. These forward-looking statements are based largely on the current expectations of Valneva as of the date of this press release and are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievement expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. In particular  the expectations of Valneva could be affected by  among other things  uncertainties involved in the development and manufacture of vaccines  unexpected clinical trial results  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  competition in general  currency fluctuations  the impact of the global and European credit crisis  and the ability to obtain or maintain patent or other proprietary intellectual property protection. Success in preclinical studies or earlier clinical trials may not be indicative of results in future clinical trials. In light of these risks and uncertainties  there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements made during this presentation will in fact be realized. Valneva is providing the information in these materials as of this press release and disclaim any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.0,0.22,0.78,True,English,"['New York City', 'Investor Day', 'Valneva', 'single shot chikungunya virus vaccine candidate', 'other proprietary intellectual property protection', 'significant unmet medical need', 'Lyme disease vaccine candidate', 'advanced clinical development worldwide', 'live Q&A session', 'unexpected clinical trial results', 'VP Global Investor Relations', 'European Investor Relations', 'unexpected regulatory actions', 'earlier clinical trials', 'VP Global Communications', 'Lyme vaccine program', 'person investor day', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Peter Bühler', 'senior leadership team', 'mid-term value drivers', 'market access preparations', 'biologics license application', 'Laëtitia Bachelot-Fontaine', 'European credit crisis', 'current vaccine pipeline', 'New York City', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'future clinical trials', 'pre-clinical development programs', 'specialty vaccine company', 'existing commercial business', 'Q&A.', 'Valneva Forward-Looking Statements', 'vaccine development', 'vaccine science', 'Investor Contacts', 'vaccine candidates', 'other members', 'other factors', 'other things', 'commercial products', 'financial overview', 'Live event', 'Euronext Paris', 'future directions', 'Thomas Lingelbach', 'rolling submission', 'formal presentations', 'virtual attendees', 'targeted approach', 'deep understanding', 'broad range', 'Joshua Drumm', 'Ph.D.', 'press release', 'actual results', 'current expectations', 'future results', 'currency fluctuations', 'preclinical studies', 'new information', 'future events', 'The Company', 'prophylactic vaccines', 'three vaccines', 'product candidates', 'infectious diseases', 'similar words', 'unknown risks', 'future performance', 'Valneva SE', 'webcast', '10 AM', 'Saint-Herblain', 'France', 'November', 'VLA', '10:00 AM', 'Tuesday', 'December', 'website', 'Phase', 'Pfizer', 'pre-commercial', 'update', 'opportunity', 'commercialization', 'specialized', 'expertise', 'capabilities', 'Story', 'Media', 'laetitia', 'respect', 'estimates', 'addition', 'developments', 'cases', 'aims', 'targets', 'number', 'uncertainties', 'achievements', 'manufacture', 'delays', 'competition', 'general', 'impact', 'ability', 'patent', 'Success', 'light', 'assurance', 'materials', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Attachment', '12']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,finance.yahoo.com
13918,EuroNext,Bing API,https://theathletic.com/3948345/2022/11/29/juventus-board-resigns-crisis-explained/,Juventus in crisis: What triggered board’s resignation – and what happens next?,Italy's most powerful club have been plunged into crisis after all their directors quit en masse. James Horncastle analyses what it,Juventus chairman Andrea Agnelli has always been fond of the line from Jack Welch  one of the titans of American industry. “Change before you have to.”It has been a theme of Agnelli’s 12 years at the helm of his family’s football club  the pledge to “Live Ahead” providing an explanation as to why Juventus broke up teams and rebuilt them to stay successful  launched a new crest in 2017 to appeal to Generation Z  welcomed Netflix and then Amazon behind closed doors and got behind the idea of a Super League.On Monday  however  Agnelli and his board felt obliged to change themselves.AdvertisementOnly a few days after chairing a panel about the experience of Juventus Next Gen — the under-23s side that has brought through several players into the first team this season  and is a potent symbol of Juventus’ future — Agnelli and all members of the board  out of nowhere  resigned.It is the end of an era.Agnelli restored Juventus to greatness. Having just finished seventh in the 2009-10 Serie A season and unable to appeal to the best players when he took over from Giovanni Cobolli Gigli  he inaugurated a game-changing new stadium  won nine consecutive league titles  did the domestic double four times and reached the Champions League final twice.For a long time  until 2018  Juventus were a model club.The media in Italy have likened the resignations to an “earthquake.”Juventus have not experienced a day like this since 2006 when Calciopoli  a scandal about power and influence they were still appealing and seeking damages for as recently as last month  caused a similar changing of the guard.What is the background to Monday’s dramatic events?It all revolves around the ongoing investigation into Juventus’ finances.This time last year  the Turin club were engaged in a second capital increase in three years. Over the course of both exercises  new shares were issued for a combined €700million (£603m  $723m) to stabilise the club’s finances amid the COVID-19 pandemic. In the prospectus regarding the recapitalisation  Juventus were obliged  as a company listed on the Euronext stock exchange in Milan  to disclose that the club was subject to an inspection by Italy’s financial regulator CONSOB over “revenues from players’ registration rights”.COVISOC  another watchdog charged with supervising the football industry in Italy  had passed on a report to the Italian Football Federation (FIGC) highlighting 62 transfers from the previous two years. The FIGC’s disciplinary commissioner was invited to take a closer look and consider whether the fees involved were inflated or not.AdvertisementForty-two of those transfers involved Juventus  the most high-profile being the swap of Miralem Pjanic for Barcelona’s Arthur Melo. But 36 of the 62  a startlingly high proportion  went under the radar because they pertained to young players.In April  the FIGC cleared Juventus and the other 10 implicated clubs  the prosecutor’s case undermined by leaning on the widely-used but unofficial football website Transfermarkt as a benchmark for player valuations.Far more serious  though  was a parallel investigation called Prisma that had been launched by the public prosecutor’s office of the court of Turin.Why is the Prisma investigation more serious?Prisma brought allegations of false accounting  false financial statements and market manipulation.A search and seizure order was obtained by the public prosecutor’s office in Turin and they authorised the Guardia di Finanza — a police force responsible for investigating financial affairs in Italy — to raid the club’s training grounds in Continassa and Vinovo and their offices in Turin and Milan.Sixteen people were placed under investigation including Agnelli  vice-president Pavel Nedved and Juventus’ former chief football officer Fabio Paratici  who left 18 months ago and is now managing director of football at Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur. A request to place Agnelli under house arrest was rejected.Juventus chairman Andrea Agnelli has resigned  along with the club’s whole board (Photo: Daniele Badolato – Juventus FC/Getty Images)The club issued a statement last month denying any wrongdoing  after prosecutors completed their investigation.Attention focused on Juventus’ financial results in 2019  2020 and 2021. After looking over the books  investigators alleged a significant discrepancy.Also of interest were the arrangements made with the club’s players during the pandemic. A statement in March 2020 announced Juventus would approximately save €90million after their players agreed a wage reduction equal to their pay for the months of March  April  May and June that year. But the investigators allege the players waived only one month’s pay  and that the financial markets were misled by the club’s statement.The “salary manoeuvres”  loyalty bonuses and how they were accounted for lay at the heart of Prisma.AdvertisementWiretaps included in the initial search and seizure order included a snippet of a conversation between Federico Cherubini  one of Juventus’ recruitment executives  and Cesare Gabasio  a former member of the club’s legal team  about Cristiano Ronaldo  who joined from Real Madrid in 2018 for around €100million  and how “they will jump down our throats” if a “carta segreta” (secret document) “comes out”.Juventus have always maintained they operated in respect of the law and accounting principles and in line with international football industry practice and market conditions.On Monday  they stated that “given the centrality and the relevance of the pending legal and technical/accounting matters” the board “considered it in the best interest of the company that Juventus provided itself with a new board of directors to address these matters”.What happens next and what punishment could Juventus face?If Prisma finds any breaches  the FIGC may reopen its case  or start a separate one in light of the findings of the Prisma investigation.An appeal launched by the FIGC’s federal prosecutor’s office in May against the acquittal of the 11 clubs involved  was rejected. But if Giuseppe Chine  the FIGC’s federal prosecutor  believes there is merit in revisiting the case based upon a review of the evidence gathered by the public prosecutor’s office in Turin  Juventus could be at risk of a fine or a points penalty under article 31 of the country’s code of sporting justice if FIGC finds against them.The Prisma investigation itself has now concluded and it remains to be seen how the criminal proceedings pending before the Turin judicial authority progress — as acknowledged in the first half-year report for 2022 by the Agnelli family’s holding company EXOR.Within the club itself  chief executive Maurizio Arrivabene  a former Ferrari team principal  is staying on for now to manage the transition.Juventus have also announced Maurizio Scanavino as general manager. Scanavino previously led GEDI  the media group and publisher behind leading Italian newspapers La Repubblica and La Stampa as well as international titles including The Economist. GEDI is one of the companies in the portfolio of EXOR  which is led by the real power and scion of the Agnelli dynasty  John Elkann  who is Andrea Agnelli’s cousin.On Tuesday  EXOR indicated in a statement that Gianluca Ferrero is their choice to replace Agnelli as Juventus chairman. Ferrero was born in Turin  ran Lavazza  the globally-recognised coffee manufacturer founded in the city  and is a big Juventus fan.“As a corporate adviser  auditor  board and committee member of a number of companies  Mr Ferrero has significant experience and the required technical competencies  as well as a genuine passion for the club  making him the person most qualified to fulfil this role ” EXOR announced.Is this Calciopoli 2.0  then?No. This is completely different. It is a financial story about how a club listed on the stock exchange reported their financial results. It’s about player trading and payroll. It’s about how the club acted and reacted to financial pressures  particularly around making transfers and  principally  the pandemic.How could this impact Juventus on the pitch?Coach Massimiliano Allegri and his players will have what remains of the World Cup break to process it before their season resumes in early January.Playing for or managing Juventus already comes with great scrutiny and pressure  so they’re relatively used to it. Some of the players were interviewed by investigators when Prisma started and this has already been going on for a year.Allegri has overseen an upturn in results after a poor start to the season (Photo: Isabella Bonotto/Anadolu Agency via Getty Images)The matter is with the club and the former board.Having said that  Allegri has often remarked in the past how a club’s structure is vitally important. He was sacked by AC Milan in 2014 at a time when his principal supporter within the club  Adriano Galliani  was being challenged as their co-chief executive by team president Silvio Berlusconi’s daughter  Barbara.After 12 years of Agnelli  the swiftness with which EXOR has acted in nominating a successor only partially mitigates the uncertainty the board’s sudden resignation has caused.It remains to be seen what vision Ferrero has for the club amid calls on social media for Alessandro Del Piero to return to the club he once played for as an executive  pleas that the former Italy international did little to deflect on an appearance with beIN Sports on Monday night.And what does this all mean ahead of the January transfer window?Juventus are one of the companies on EXOR’s portfolio.For context  this is a conglomerate with revenues worth a colossal €33billion in 2021. Elkann and EXOR are therefore gold-standard guarantors. It was EXOR that underwrote the majority of the two capital increases in Juventus  and they can afford it.For all the club’s strength as a brand and the cultural capital they possess  Juventus are a relatively small enterprise  pocket change on the balance sheet compared with the car business EXOR operates  which comprises Ferrari and Stellantis — the result of a 2021 merger between FIAT-Chrysler and the PSA Group  which makes Citreons  Peugeots  Opels and Vauxhalls.Juventus  of course  have to operate within an FFP (financial fair play) framework and make a transition to a more sustainable model. But that transition has already started.The €400million injected into the club this time last year partly gave them the confidence to go and sign Serbia forward Dusan Vlahovic from Fiorentina for €75million last January. He helped Juventus qualify for the Champions League and while the club have exited after the group stage  a run of six straight clean-sheet wins in Serie A  following a poor start  meant they went into this World Cup break in third place.Dusan Vlahovic was a marquee signing in January (Photo: Pedro Fiúza/NurPhoto via Getty Images)What does it mean for Juventus’ involvement in the Super League?Juventus remain part of the Super League project  along with Spanish duo Real Madrid and Barcelona.It’s too early to tell what Ferrero’s intentions are for the club but the early indications are that Juventus are still firmly on board.Reforming the European game was one of the five pillars included in the three-year plan Agnelli laid out this past summer. “After the unimaginable COVID storm” and “over seven billion cumulative losses in the industry between 2019 and 2021 ” he considered it more essential than ever before.“The overall goal ” Agnelli wrote to shareholders  “is to put fans and footballers  the souls of the most beautiful sport in the world  back at the centre of this industry  whose throbbing heart is in the European Union. This is to be achieved by ensuring that investors  as represented by the clubs  are legitimately represented within the governance and thereby establishing the right link between entrepreneurial risk and economic management control. The positive consequences of possible reforms will be to provide grassroots sport  through the federations  with the resources it deserves  distributed transparently through entities with clearly defined roles.“Reforms  in any context  can only be achieved through listening and constructive dialogue with all stakeholders. Juventus wants to be an active part of that dialogue.”Agnelli stood by that  even in his final remarks to Juventus employees on Monday.“I will continue to imagine and work for a better football  comforted by a phrase by Friedrich Nietzsche  ‘And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music’.”For now  the music has stopped on Agnelli’s chairmanship  and he will not be at the helm next year when Juventus mark a centenary of his family’s ownership of the club.Agnelli signed off at Juventus with the club’s motto “Fino alla Fine.” Until the end.But for him as president  this appears to be it.(Main graphic — photos: Getty Images/design: Eamonn Dalton),negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,mixed,0.11,0.11,0.77,True,English,"['Juventus', 'crisis', 'board', 'resignation', 'Juventus’ former chief football officer Fabio Paratici', '2009-10 Serie A season', 'nine consecutive league titles', 'Juventus chairman Andrea Agnelli', 'Giovanni Cobolli Gigli', 'second capital increase', 'Euronext stock exchange', 'Italian Football Federation', 'other 10 implicated clubs', 'unofficial football website', 'Guardia di Finanza', 'game-changing new stadium', 'Juventus Next Gen', 'Juventus FC/Getty Images', 'previous two years', 'false financial statements', 'players’ registration rights', 'Juventus’ financial results', 'Premier League club', 'football industry', 'Super League', 'Champions League', 'false accounting', 'football club', 'financial regulator', 'financial affairs', 'financial markets', 'new crest', 'new shares', 'Juventus’ future', 'Juventus’ recruitment', 'Jack Welch', 'American industry', 'Generation Z', 'closed doors', '23s side', 'first team', 'potent symbol', 'domestic double', 'long time', 'last month', 'similar changing', 'dramatic events', 'three years', 'disciplinary commissioner', 'closer look', 'Miralem Pjanic', 'Arthur Melo', 'high proportion', 'player valuations', 'market manipulation', 'seizure order', 'police force', 'training grounds', 'Sixteen people', 'Pavel Nedved', 'managing director', 'Tottenham Hotspur', 'house arrest', 'Daniele Badolato', 'significant discrepancy', 'wage reduction', 'one month', 'salary manoeuvres', 'loyalty bonuses', 'Federico Cherubini', 'Juventus’ finances', 'several players', 'best players', 'young players', 'public prosecutor', 'ongoing investigation', 'parallel investigation', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'initial search', 'model club', 'The FIGC', 'Advertisement Wiretaps', 'Prisma investigation', 'Turin club', '12 years', 'Prisma.', 'line', 'titans', 'theme', 'family', 'pledge', 'explanation', 'teams', 'Netflix', 'Amazon', 'idea', 'Monday', 'board', 'panel', 'experience', 'members', 'end', 'greatness', 'media', 'Italy', 'resignations', 'earthquake', 'Calciopoli', 'scandal', 'power', 'influence', 'damages', 'background', 'course', 'exercises', 'prospectus', 'recapitalisation', 'company', 'Milan', 'inspection', 'CONSOB', 'revenues', 'COVISOC', 'watchdog', 'report', '62 transfers', 'fees', 'swap', 'Barcelona', 'radar', 'April', 'case', 'Transfermarkt', 'benchmark', 'court', 'allegations', 'Continassa', 'Vinovo', 'offices', 'vice-president', 'request', 'Photo', 'wrongdoing', 'prosecutors', 'Attention', 'books', 'investigators', 'interest', 'arrangements', 'March', 'pay', 'months', 'May', 'June', 'heart', 'snippet', 'conversation']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,theathletic.com
13919,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-biocartis-group-nv-141500510.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Biocartis Announces Successful Rights Offering,CET Biocartis Announces Successful Rights Offering: Existing Shareholders and New Investors Fully Subscribed for the Rights Offering Following Successful Private Placement of the Scrips and Backstop Undertakings Mechelen ,"Biocartis NVPRESS RELEASE: INSIDE INFORMATION / REGULATED INFORMATION29 November 2022  15:15 CETBiocartis Announces Successful Rights Offering:Existing Shareholders and New Investors Fully Subscribed for the Rights OfferingFollowing Successful Private Placement of the Scrips and Backstop UndertakingsMechelen  Belgium  29 November 2022 – Biocartis Group NV (the ""Company"" or ""Biocartis"")  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  today announces the successful closing of the private placement of scrips (the ""Scrips"") to institutional investors (the ""Scrips Private Placement"").Following the Scrips Private Placement and the public offering of maximum 33 476 932 new shares at an issue price per share of EUR 0.75 (the ""Offered Shares"") to existing shareholders of the Company and any holders of an extra-legal preferential right (the ""Preferential Right"") (such offering  the ""Rights Offering""  and together with the Scrips Private Placement  the ""Offering"")  75.75% of the Offered Shares have been subscribed for (of which 55.91% in the Rights Offering and 19.84% in the Scrips Private Placement). The remaining 24.25% of the Offered Shares will be subscribed for by certain new investors pursuant to the backstop undertakings described in the prospectus that has been prepared in connection with the Offering (the ""Prospectus""). As a result  100% of the Offering will have been subscribed and all of the 33 476 932 new shares will be issued.Herman Verrelst  Chief Executive Officer of Biocartis  commented: “We are very pleased with this fully subscribed rights offering that is the capstone in the comprehensive refinancing package we announced on 1 September 2022. Together with the new convertible term loan and the new convertible bonds  the rights offering brings EUR 66 million of gross proceeds  necessary to continue and execute our growth strategy towards profitability.""Based on the results of the Scrips Private Placement  there are no net proceeds (after deduction of costs) from the sale of Scrips. Therefore  as there are no net proceeds of the Scrips Private Placement (after deduction of costs)  the holders of Preferential Rights who have not exercised them are not entitled to receive any payment.Story continuesPayment for the dematerialised Preferential Rights  the realisation of the capital increase and the listing of the Offered Shares on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels is expected to take place on 2 December 2022. After this capital increase  the number of issued shares in the Company will increase from 58 584 631 to 92 061 563. The Offered Shares are expected to become tradeable on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels on 2 December 2022.The trading of the Company's shares will resume after publication of this press release.The Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (the ""FSMA"") approved the English version of the Prospectus on 15 November 2022. The FSMA's approval does not imply any opinion by the FSMA on the suitability and the status of the Offered Shares  the Preferential Rights or the Scrips  or on the status of the Company  nor as an endorsement of the Company or of the quality of the Offered Shares  the Preferential Rights or the Scrips.KBC Securities NV (the ""Underwriter"") acts as Sole Global Coordinator and Sole Bookrunner of the Offering. Baker McKenzie acts as legal counsel to the Company  and NautaDutilh as legal counsel to the Underwriter.Additional information  subject to applicable legal restrictions  is available here: https://investors.biocartis.com/en/offering.--- END ---More information:Renate DegraveHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.WarningAn investment in shares entails significant risks. Relevant investors are encouraged to read the Prospectus published by the Company after approval by the FSMA. This document is not a prospectus and investors should not subscribe for or purchase any Securities referred to herein except on the basis of the information contained in the Prospectus. Potential investors must read the Prospectus before making an investment decision in order to fully understand the potential risks and rewards associated with the decision to invest in the Securities. This announcement and the approval of the Prospectus should not be understood as an endorsement of the Securities offered or admitted to trading on a regulated market. The value of the Company's Securities can decrease as well as increase. Potential investors should consult a professional advisor as to the suitability of the offering for the person concerned.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Important informationThis announcement is not a prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation or the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the UK European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 and as amended by The Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019 (each as amended) (the ""UK Prospectus Regulation"").THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD BE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IS FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND DOES NOT FORM PART OF ANY OFFER TO SELL OR PURCHASE  OR THE SOLICITATION OF ANY OFFER TO SELL OR PURCHASE  ANY SECURITIES. THE DISTRIBUTION OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT AND THE OFFER  SUBSCRIPTION  SALE AND PURCHASE OF SECURITIES DESCRIBED IN THIS ANNOUNCEMENT IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS MAY BE RESTRICTED BY LAW. ANY PERSONS READING THIS ANNOUNCEMENT SHOULD INFORM THEMSELVES OF AND OBSERVE ANY SUCH RESTRICTIONS.There shall be no offer  solicitation  sale  subscription  purchase or exchange of Shares  Preferential Rights or Scrips (collectively  the ""Securities"") in any jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation  sale  or purchase would be unlawful prior to registration  exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The Securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended from time to time (the ""U.S. Securities Act"") or the securities laws of any state of the United States  and may not be offered or sold in the United States unless these Securities are registered under the U.S. Securities Act  or an exemption from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act is available. Biocartis has not registered  and does not intend to register  any portion of the offering of the Securities concerned in the United States  and does not intend to conduct a public offering of Securities in the United States.In addition to the public in Belgium  this communication is only addressed to and directed at persons in member states of the European Economic Area (each a ""Member States"") and in the United Kingdom who are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation and of the UK Prospectus Regulation  respectively (""Qualified Investors""). In addition  in the United Kingdom  this communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order"") or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). The Securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such Securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. This announcement cannot be used as a basis for any investment agreement or decision. Biocartis is not liable if the aforementioned restrictions are not complied with by any person.The date of completion of Offering may be influenced by things such as market conditions. There is no guarantee that such completion will occur and a potential investor should not base their financial decisions on the Company's intentions in relation to such completion at this stage.The Underwriter is acting for the Company and no one else in relation to the Offering  and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections offered to its clients nor for providing advice in relation to the Offering.The Company assumes responsibility for the information contained in this announcement. Neither the Underwriter nor any of its affiliates or any of their respective directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the truth  accuracy or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to the Company  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. The Underwriter and each of its affiliates accordingly disclaim  to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law  all and any liability whether arising in tort  contract or otherwise which they might otherwise be found to have in respect of this announcement or any such statement or information. No representation or warranty express or implied  is made by the Underwriter or any of its affiliates as to the accuracy  completeness  verification or sufficiency of the information set out in this announcement  and nothing in this announcement will be relied upon as a promise or representation in this respect  whether or not to the past or future.",neutral,0.13,0.87,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.2,0.26,True,English,"['Successful Rights Offering', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Press release', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'The Belgian Financial Services', 'new convertible term loan', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'new convertible bonds', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'comprehensive refinancing package', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'fastest growing segment', 'applicable intended uses', 'KBC Securities NV', 'Sole Global Coordinator', 'Successful Private Placement', 'applicable legal restrictions', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'accurate molecular information', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'Scrips Private Placement', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'extra-legal preferential right', 'Investor Relations Biocartis', 'maximum 33,476,932 new shares', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'individual Biocartis product', 'Successful Rights Offering', 'molecular testing', 'successful closing', 'Sole Bookrunner', 'product labeling', 'New Investors', 'legal counsel', 'The Biocartis', 'Preferential Rights', 'Biocartis NV', 'The FSMA', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Backstop Undertakings', 'Euronext Brussels', 'issue price', 'Herman Verrelst', 'gross proceeds', 'growth strategy', 'net proceeds', 'capital increase', 'regulated market', 'Markets Authority', 'English version', 'Baker McKenzie', 'Additional information', 'More information', 'Renate Degrave', 'Corporate Communications', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'based system', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'liver cancer', 'United States', 'other countries', 'Idylla™ trademark', 'institutional investors', 'public offering', 'Offered Shares', 'existing shareholders', 'universal access', 'November', '15:15 CET', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'prospectus', 'connection', 'result', 'capstone', '1 September', 'profitability', 'deduction', 'costs', 'sale', 'payment', 'Story', 'realisation', 'listing', '2 December', 'number', 'trading', 'publication', 'approval', 'opinion', 'suitability', 'status', 'endorsement', 'quality', 'Underwriter', 'NautaDutilh', 'Head', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'lung', 'COVID', 'Flu', 'RSV', 'sepsis', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'trademarks', 'Europe', 'logo', '29', '55.', '19.']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,uk.finance.yahoo.com
13920,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.msn.com/en-gb/money/other/euronexts-commodity-futures-see-one-hour-outage/ar-AA14GJHj,Euronext's commodity futures see one-hour outage,PARIS (Reuters) -Trading in Euronext's commodity derivatives  including its flagship milling wheat futures  stopped for more than an hour on Tuesday following a technical incident. The incident occurred at 10:46 a.,© Thomson Reuters FILE PHOTO: The Euronext stock exchange is pictured at the La Defense business district in ParisPARIS (Reuters) -Trading in Euronext's commodity derivatives  including its flagship milling wheat futures  stopped for more than an hour on Tuesday following a technical incident.The incident occurred at 10:46 a.m. Central European Time (0946 GMT) - one minute after the opening of Tuesday's session -  Euronext said  adding that its other markets were not affected.Trading resumed at 12:00 p.m.  with Euronext indicating in an update that all transactions that took place before the halt had been received and reconciled by central clearing counterparties (CCPs).Euronext's commodity markets also include rapeseed and maize (corn) futures.(Reporting by Gus Trompiz and Dominique Vidalon  editing by Sybille de La Hamaide and Louise Heavens),neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.33,0.66,True,English,"['commodity futures', 'one-hour outage', 'Euronext', 'La Defense business district', 'Sybille de La Hamaide', 'flagship milling wheat futures', 'Thomson Reuters FILE PHOTO', 'The Euronext stock exchange', 'maize (corn) futures', 'Central European Time', 'central clearing counterparties', 'commodity derivatives', 'other markets', 'commodity markets', 'Gus Trompiz', 'Dominique Vidalon', 'Louise Heavens', 'technical incident', 'Paris', 'hour', 'Tuesday', '0946 GMT', 'opening', 'session', 'Trading', 'update', 'transactions', 'place', 'CCPs', 'rapeseed', '10:46', '12:00']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,msn.com
13921,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.yahoo.com/now/beaconsmind-ag-first-berlin-equity-111500725.html,beaconsmind AG: First Berlin Equity Research GmbH Starts Coverage of the Beaconsmind Share With a Buy Recommendation – Target Price EUR 22.00,First Berlin Equity Research GmbH has started its coverage of beaconsmind AG (ISIN: CH0451123589 - Ticker: MLBMD)  a leading SaaS provider in the field of Location-Based Marketing (LBM) & Analytics  and has issued a Buy recommendation for the company's shares.,"ZURICH  Switzerland  November 29  2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:First Berlin Equity Research GmbH has started its coverage of beaconsmind AG (ISIN: CH0451123589 - Ticker: MLBMD)  a leading SaaS provider in the field of Location-Based Marketing (LBM) & Analytics  and has issued a Buy recommendation for the company's shares. The target price is EUR 22.00. First Berlin thus sees a high share price potential of around 82 percent. The closing price of the beaconsmind share was EUR 12.10 (XETRA) on 28 November 2022.First Berlin expects the revenue growth of beaconsmind to accelerate significantly in the coming years: The revenue growth will be driven  among other things  by the recent acquisition of a majority stake in FREDERIX Hotspot. FREDERIX has an attractive portfolio with a high cross-selling potential with 530 customers and around 10 400 points of sale  including customers such as Lidl and Kaufland. The use of the beaconsmind solution at key account Adidas already shows the great potential of beaconsmind's location-based marketing solution and could draw the attention of other well-known companies to beaconsmind. In addition  experts agree that after the closure of retail shops due to the pandemic  the retailers that have the best chances of success are those that use LBM solutions in their stores and thus change the customer experience. The pipeline currently includes several major customers with a revenue potential of CHF 5 to 50 million each. For 2023  First Berlin forecasts sales revenues of CHF 8.71 million and for 2024 CHF 16.09 million  with EPS of CHF 1.02 by that time. Break-even is expected for 2023.The current study on beaconsmind by First Berlin Equity Research GmbH is available for download on beaconsmind's corporate website www.beaconsmind.com in the ""Investor Relations"" section. beaconsmind is currently accompanied by a total of four research houses  which unanimously recommend the beaconsmind share as a Buy. The upside targets are between EUR 20.00 and 30.00. The current studies by Quirin Privatbank AG  Baader Bank AG and Hauck & Aufhäuser Lampe Privatbank AG are likewise available on beaconsmind's corporate website in the ""Investor Relations"" section.Story continuesAbout beaconsmindFounded in 2015 in Switzerland  beaconsmind AG is a pioneer in the field of location-based marketing (LBM) software for retail chains. By fitting stores with Bluetooth beacons that precisely locate and identify customers  and by integrating its Software Suite  beaconsmind opens a brand-new channel for retailers to interact with their customers. Thanks to its solution  retailers can converge digital and physical shopping and address the convenience gaps of each. The shares of the company (ISIN: CH0451123589 – Ticker: MLBMD) are listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange with XETRA trading and on Euronext in Paris.For more information  please visit www.beaconsmind.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20221129005612/en/ContactsContact Companybeaconsmind AG  Stäfa (Switzerland)Max Weiland  Founder & CEOmaxweiland@beaconsmind.comTel.: +41 44 380 73-73Contact for Business and Finance Pressedicto GmbH  Frankfurt (Germany)Axel Mühlhaus/Doron Kaufmannbeaconsmind@edicto.deTel.: +49 69 905 505-53",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.18,0.2,0.62,True,English,"['First Berlin Equity Research GmbH', 'Beaconsmind Share', 'Buy Recommendation', 'Target Price', 'AG', 'Aufhäuser Lampe Privatbank AG', 'First Berlin Equity Research GmbH', 'high share price potential', 'four research houses', 'Quirin Privatbank AG', 'high cross-selling potential', 'leading SaaS provider', 'Axel Mühlhaus', 'Baader Bank AG', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'several major customers', 'Investor Relations"" section', 'location-based marketing solution', 'Contacts Contact Company', 'great potential', 'revenue potential', 'target price', 'closing price', 'beaconsmind AG', 'beaconsmind share', 'Regulatory News', 'revenue growth', 'coming years', 'recent acquisition', 'majority stake', 'attractive portfolio', 'key account', 'retail shops', 'best chances', 'customer experience', 'sales revenues', 'current study', 'corporate website', 'upside targets', 'current studies', 'retail chains', 'Bluetooth beacons', 'Software Suite', 'new channel', 'physical shopping', 'convenience gaps', 'source version', 'Stäfa', 'Max Weiland', 'Finance Press', 'Doron Kaufmann', 'LBM solutions', 'LBM) software', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Buy recommendation', 'other things', 'FREDERIX Hotspot', 'XETRA trading', 'beaconsmind solution', '530 customers', 'ZURICH', 'Switzerland', 'coverage', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'MLBMD', 'field', 'Analytics', 'shares', '82 percent', '28 November', '10,400 points', 'Lidl', 'Kaufland', 'Adidas', 'attention', 'companies', 'addition', 'experts', 'pandemic', 'retailers', 'success', 'stores', 'pipeline', 'CHF', 'EPS', 'time', 'download', 'total', 'EUR', 'Hauck', 'Story', 'pioneer', 'digital', 'Paris', 'information', 'businesswire', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'maxweiland', 'Tel.', 'Germany', '2024']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,yahoo.com
13922,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Cac40 CAC 40 6 668 97 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/9Cvuvjupr5,nan,#Cac40 CAC 40 6 668 97 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/9Cvuvjupr5,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,Unknown
13923,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Just so everyone is aware $KER-FR:Euronext  the owner of Balenciaga and other high-end retail goods  stock price ha… https://t.co/MARFchYuHZ,nan,Just so everyone is aware $KER-FR:Euronext  the owner of Balenciaga and other high-end retail goods  stock price ha… https://t.co/MARFchYuHZ,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['other high-end retail goods', 'stock price', 'everyone', 'FR', 'Euronext', 'owner', 'Balenciaga', 'MARFchYuHZ', 'other high-end retail goods', 'stock price', 'everyone', 'FR', 'Euronext', 'owner', 'Balenciaga', 'MARFchYuHZ']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,Unknown
13924,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Boycott Danube AG  boycott DSM-Firmenich AG and protest with Euronext Amsterdam NV. https://t.co/8J5mbDsM6u,nan,Boycott Danube AG  boycott DSM-Firmenich AG and protest with Euronext Amsterdam NV. https://t.co/8J5mbDsM6u,neutral,0.04,0.84,0.12,neutral,0.04,0.84,0.12,True,English,"['Euronext Amsterdam NV', 'Boycott Danube AG', 'DSM-Firmenich AG', 'Euronext Amsterdam NV', 'Boycott Danube AG', 'DSM-Firmenich AG']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,Unknown
13925,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,✅ Star of 2022: GreenVolt  listed on Euronext Lisbon https://t.co/A300ndAAP9,nan,✅ Star of 2022: GreenVolt  listed on Euronext Lisbon https://t.co/A300ndAAP9,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Lisbon', '✅ Star', 'GreenVolt', 'A300ndAAP9', 'Euronext Lisbon', '✅ Star', 'GreenVolt', 'A300ndAAP9']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,Unknown
13926,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,✅ International Star: NACON  listed on Euronext Paris https://t.co/HRcSq3WLvK,nan,✅ International Star: NACON  listed on Euronext Paris https://t.co/HRcSq3WLvK,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['✅ International Star', 'Euronext Paris', 'NACON', 'HRcSq3WLvK', '✅ International Star', 'Euronext Paris', 'NACON', 'HRcSq3WLvK']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,Unknown
13927,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Launches Gender Equality Indices https://t.co/41jvoGlgPI,nan,Euronext Launches Gender Equality Indices https://t.co/41jvoGlgPI,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Gender Equality Indices', 'Euronext', 'Gender Equality Indices', 'Euronext']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,Unknown
13928,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,👉 Listing 📈CBI has been listed on @euronext since October 2021. In August 2022 we announced our change of listing… https://t.co/KYFxqv2qDV,nan,👉 Listing 📈CBI has been listed on @euronext since October 2021. In August 2022 we announced our change of listing… https://t.co/KYFxqv2qDV,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Listing', 'CBI', 'October', 'August', 'change', 'KYFxqv2qDV', 'Listing', 'CBI', 'October', 'August', 'change', 'KYFxqv2qDV']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,Unknown
13929,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,👉 What is CBI? ( Crypto Blockchain Industries ) ⬇️ THREAD ⬇️CBI is a French Euronext-listed company in the fiel… https://t.co/A5aEibijSv,nan,👉 What is CBI? ( Crypto Blockchain Industries ) ⬇️ THREAD ⬇️CBI is a French Euronext-listed company in the fiel… https://t.co/A5aEibijSv,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Crypto Blockchain Industries', 'French Euronext-listed company', 'CBI', 'THREAD', 'fiel', 'A5aEibijSv', 'Crypto Blockchain Industries', 'French Euronext-listed company', 'CBI', 'THREAD', 'fiel', 'A5aEibijSv']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,Unknown
13930,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#GenderLensInvesting strengthened today as @equileap and @euronext launch indices  allowing investors to align port… https://t.co/eJl61ZDpoE,nan,#GenderLensInvesting strengthened today as @equileap and @euronext launch indices  allowing investors to align port… https://t.co/eJl61ZDpoE,neutral,0.14,0.84,0.01,neutral,0.14,0.84,0.01,True,English,"['indices', 'investors', 'port', 'indices', 'investors', 'port']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,Unknown
13931,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext's commodity futures see one-hour outage https://t.co/YgtnUSNcQ1,nan,Euronext's commodity futures see one-hour outage https://t.co/YgtnUSNcQ1,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['commodity futures', 'one-hour outage', 'Euronext', 'YgtnUSNcQ1', 'commodity futures', 'one-hour outage', 'Euronext', 'YgtnUSNcQ1']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,Unknown
13932,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#Cac40 CAC 40 6 686 41 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/LCndaVbD43,nan,#Cac40 CAC 40 6 686 41 | Euronext Live cours de bourse https://t.co/Iqh8wn15YL https://t.co/LCndaVbD43,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'LCndaVbD43', 'Euronext Live cours', 'Cac40', 'bourse', 'LCndaVbD43']",2022-11-29,2022-11-29,Unknown
