UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
50754,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/news/617825-finland-russian-frozen-assets/,EU state to tap frozen Russian funds to send arms to Ukraine,Finland will deliver around $100 million worth of heavy ammunition using profits from immobilized assets  the Defense Ministry has said Read Full Article at RT.com,Finland will deliver around $100 million worth of heavy ammunition using profits from immobilized assets  the Defense Ministry has saidFinland will supply heavy ammunition to Kiev using proceeds from Russian assets which were frozen over the Ukraine conflict  the Defense Ministry said on Monday.The move is part of a broader EU push to channel profits from immobilized Russian assets – which are primarily EU  US  and UK government bonds held in a Brussels-based securities depository – to fund Ukraine’s military. Moscow considers the seizure of its assets “theft.”Finland has struck a deal with the European Commission to send money through the European Peace Facility (EPF)  the ministry said in a statement. Under the agreement  Finland will supply €90 million ($101 million) worth of heavy ammunition procured from domestic producers. The Finnish government said the deal will also benefit its defense industry. In March  Helsinki announced its 28th military aid package to Ukraine  worth around $225 million.Western countries froze an estimated $300 billion worth of Russian sovereign funds following the escalation of the Ukraine conflict in February 2022. Around $213 billion of this is held by Euroclear. The frozen funds have already accrued billions in interest  of which Euroclear transferred $1.63 billion to Kiev last July.Russia has condemned the freezing of its assets  hinting at possible retaliatory measures against Western investments. Moscow has also warned against Western weapons deliveries to Ukraine  saying they only serve to prolong the conflict and heighten regional security threats.According to Kiel Institute estimates  Kiev received over $363 billion in NATO aid as of February 2025.A recent report by the Eurasia Observatory  which tracks the conflict’s long-term impact on organized crime  suggests that a massive influx of Western-supplied weapons from Ukraine will hit Europe’s black markets after the conflict with Russia is over.The report stated that weapons  including heavy arms  are being stockpiled across Ukraine  and that once the conflict ends and martial law is lifted  reduced state control could create opportunities for organized crime.,neutral,0.01,0.72,0.27,negative,0.0,0.24,0.75,True,English,"['EU state', 'Russian funds', 'arms', 'Ukraine', '28th military aid package', 'Brussels-based securities depository', 'possible retaliatory measures', 'regional security threats', 'Kiel Institute estimates', 'UK government bonds', 'European Peace Facility', 'broader EU push', 'Russian sovereign funds', 'Western weapons deliveries', 'NATO aid', 'European Commission', 'Finnish government', 'frozen funds', 'Western countries', 'Western investments', '$100 million worth', 'heavy ammunition', 'domestic producers', 'defense industry', '$300 billion worth', 'Eurasia Observatory', 'long-term impact', 'organized crime', 'massive influx', 'Western-supplied weapons', 'black markets', 'heavy arms', 'martial law', 'state control', 'Russian assets', 'Defense Ministry', 'immobilized assets', 'recent report', 'Ukraine conflict', 'Finland', 'profits', 'Kiev', 'proceeds', 'Monday', 'move', 'part', 'Moscow', 'seizure', 'deal', 'money', 'EPF', 'statement', 'agreement', 'March', 'Helsinki', 'escalation', 'February', 'Euroclear', 'billions', 'interest', 'freezing', 'opportunities']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,rt.com
50755,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/19/3083713/0/en/NOTICE-TO-THE-EXTRAORDINARY-GENERAL-MEETING-OF-DOVRE-GROUP-PLC.html,NOTICE TO THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF DOVRE GROUP PLC,Dovre Group Plc                        Stock Exchange Release                      May 19  2025  at 10 a.m.   NOTICE TO THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL...,Dovre Group Plc Stock Exchange Release May 19  2025  at 10 a.m.NOTICE TO THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF DOVRE GROUP PLCNotice is given to the shareholders of Dovre Group Plc (“Dovre” or the “Company”) to the Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) to be held on Thursday  June 12  2025  at 10:00 a.m. at Dovre headquarters  address Ahventie 4  02170 Espoo. The reception of the persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 9:30 a.m. at the meeting venue.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGAt the EGM  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to verify the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the voting list6. Resolution on the distribution of dividendThe parent company’s distributable funds as on December 31  2024 amounted to EUR 16 951 447.40. Shareholders representing over fourty (40) percent of the Company’s shares have proposed to the Extraordinary General meeting to resolve to pay a dividend of EUR 0.03 per share. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend is paid on June 25  2025 to a shareholder who on the dividend record date June 16  2025  is registered in the Company's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd.7. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsBoard of Directors proposes to the AGM that the annual remuneration payable to the Board members shall be as follows: The Chairman of the Board is paid EUR 43 000 (previously 35 000)  the Vice Chairman of the Board EUR 38 000 (previously 30 000)  and each other member of the Board EUR 33 000 (previously 25 000).In addition  it is proposed that reasonable travel expenses incurred by the Board members be compensated according to the actual costs.The remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors shall be paid in cash.8. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders representing over 40% of the total shares in the Company have indicated to propose to the AGM that the number of Board members be three (3).9. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders representing over 40% of the total shares in the Company have indicated to propose to the EGM that the current member of the Board  Ilari Koskelo  be re-elected as a member of the Board. The proposed new members are Tomi Merenheimo and Ville Vuori. The above-mentioned shareholders propose that Ville Vuori be elected as the Chairman of the Board.More information of the nominees and their independence of the company can be found at https://www.dovregroup.com/investors/releases-and-events/.In accordance with the shareholders’ proposal  both genders would not be represented on the Board of Directors  as suitable candidates have not been identified. The company aims to achieve balanced gender representation in the next Annual General Meeting when electing the Board.10. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGProposals of the Board of Directors  the stock exchange release concerning the transaction as well as this notice are available on the Company’s website www.dovregroup.com. The proposals of the Board of Directors are also available at the EGM. Copies of these documents and of this notice will be sent to shareholders upon request.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerA shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  on the record date June 2  2025  has the right to participate the EGM. A shareholder  whose shares are registered on his/her personal Finnish book-entry account  is registered in the shareholder register of the Company.The registration period for the EGM commences on May 19  2025. A shareholder  who is registered in the shareholder register of the Company and who wants to participate in the EGM  must register no later than on June 9  2025  10:00 a.m.  by which time the registration must be received.Registration for the EGM can be made:a) on Dovre Group Plc’s website at www.dovregroup.comb) by email to marja.saukkonen@dovregroup.comc) by telephone to Dovre Group Plc/Marja Saukkonen  tel. +358 50 385 4296In connection with the registration  a shareholder shall notify his/her name  personal identification number or business ID  address  telephone number  and the name of a possible assistant or proxy representative and the personal identification number of a proxy representative. The personal data given to Dovre Group Plc is used only in connection with the EGM and with the processing of related necessary registrations.2. Holders of nominee registered sharesA holder of nominee registered shares has the right to participate in the EGM by virtue of such shares  based on which he/she would be entitled to be registered in the shareholder register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the EGM on June 2  2025. The right to participate requires  in addition  that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  been registered into the temporary shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by June 9  2025  by 10:00 a.m. In regard to nominee registered shares this constitutes due registration for the EGM. Changes in shareholding after the record date of the EGM do not affect the right to participate in the EGM or the number of votes of the shareholder.A holder of nominee registered shares is advised to request without delay necessary instructions regarding the registration in the temporary shareholder register of the Company  the issuing of proxy documents and registration for the EGM from his/her custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank has to register a holder of nominee registered shares  who wants to participate in the EGM  into the temporary shareholder register of the Company at the latest by June 9  2025  by 10:00 a.m.3. Proxy representative and powers of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the EGM and exercise his/her rights at the meeting through a proxy representative. A proxy representative shall produce a duly dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder at the EGM. When a shareholder participates in the EGM by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares at different securities accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the EGM.Any proxy documents should be delivered in original to Dovre Group Plc/Marja Saukkonen  Ahventie 4 B  02170 Espoo  Finland  or as a scanned copy by email to marja.saukkonen@dovregroup.com by the last date of registration. In addition to the delivery of the proxy documents the shareholder or the proxy representative shall register for the EGM as described in this notice.4. Other informationPursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Companies Act  a shareholder who is present at the EGM has the right to request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting.On the date of this notice  the total number of shares and votes in Dovre Group Plc is 105 956 494.Espoo  May 19  2025Dovre Group PlcBoard of DirectorsFor further information please contact Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors Ilari Koskelo tel. +358 40 510 8408.DISTRIBUTIONNasdaq HelsinkiMajor mediawww.dovregroup.comAttachments,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.31,0.41,0.28,True,English,"['EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'DOVRE GROUP PLC', 'NOTICE', 'Dovre Group Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'personal Finnish book-entry account', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'reasonable travel expenses', 'balanced gender representation', 'related necessary registrations', 'EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'personal identification number', 'nominee registered shares', 'dividend record date', 'Dovre headquarters', 'personal data', 'annual remuneration', 'meeting venue', 'voting tickets', 'following matters', 'voting list', 'distributable funds', 'fourty (40) percent', 'actual costs', 'Ilari Koskelo', 'Tomi Merenheimo', 'Ville Vuori', 'More information', 'suitable candidates', 'C. INSTRUCTIONS', 'business ID', 'possible assistant', 'proxy representative', 'total shares', 'other member', 'current member', 'new members', 'B. DOCUMENTS', 'telephone number', 'shareholder register', 'Vice Chairman', 'shareholders’ proposal', 'shareholders’ register', 'A. MATTERS', 'registration period', 'parent company', 'Marja Saukkonen', 'Board members', '10 a', '10:00 a', 'NOTICE', 'EGM', 'Thursday', 'June', 'address', 'Ahventie', '02170 Espoo', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'Resolution', 'December', 'Directors', 'AGM', 'addition', 'cash', 'nominees', 'independence', 'dovregroup', 'investors', 'releases', 'events', 'accordance', 'genders', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'transaction', 'website', 'Copies', 'request', 'PARTICIPANTS', 'right', 'May', 'time', 'email', 'connection', 'name', 'processing', 'virtue', '9:30']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,globenewswire.com
50756,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/19/3083704/0/en/Trading-in-Alvotech-s-Shares-on-Nasdaq-Stockholm-Commences-Today.html,Trading in Alvotech’s Shares on Nasdaq Stockholm Commences Today,Not to be released  published  distributed or circulated in any jurisdiction in which it would be unlawful to do so. This press release is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securiti…,"Not to be released  published  distributed or circulated in any jurisdiction in which it would be unlawful to do so. This press release is for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities.REYKJAVIK  ICELAND AND STOCKHOLM  SWEDEN (May 19  2025) — On May 16  2025 Alvotech (NASDAQ: ALVO  the “Company”)  a global biotech company specializing in the development and manufacture of biosimilar medicines for patients worldwide  announced the outcome of the offering of Swedish Depository Receipts (“SDRs”)  equity share equivalents  in connection with the Company’s listing on Nasdaq Stockholm (the “Offering”). The Offering attracted strong interest from the general public in Sweden and was multiple times oversubscribed. Trading on Nasdaq Stockholm commences today May 19  2025.The Offering in briefAs previously announced  the final price per SDR (the “Offering Price”) was set to SEK 87.51  corresponding to the volume-weighted average price of the ordinary shares of the Company (the “Shares”) on the Nasdaq Iceland Main Market during the application period  with a discount of ten percent (10%)  converted from ISK to SEK based on the exchange rate published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Sveriges Riksbank) on the last day of the application period. The application period was May 9–16  2025.The Offering included 441 600 SDRs  with each SDR representing one ordinary share of the Company. The Offering was multiple times oversubscribed.The gross proceeds of the Offering amounted to approximately SEK 39 million.All of the more than 3 000 individuals who subscribed to acquire SDRs in the Offering were allotted SDRs.Trading in the Company’s SDRs on Nasdaq Stockholm commences today  May 19  2025  under the trading symbol (ticker) “ALVO SDB”.Settlement is expected to take place on May 21  2025.“Alvotech’s goal is to become the global leader in biosimilars development and manufacturing  providing better access to high-quality biologics for patients globally in 90 different countries  through our commercial partnerships. Today marks the next exciting step in Alvotech’s journey as the Company is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm. Alvotech’s shares are now traded on three markets; Nasdaq Stockholm in Sweden  Nasdaq Global Market in the U.S. and Nasdaq Iceland Main Market in Iceland. We think of the listing on Nasdaq Stockholm as a service to our current and future shareholders  providing better access for investors in Nordic and European markets  increasing share liquidity and broadening the shareholder base. I am delighted by the strong interest shown by investors in Sweden  and welcome the many new shareholders that subscribed to the recent offering ” says Róbert Wessman  Founder  Chairman and CEO of Alvotech.Background of the OfferingAlvotech’s board of directors and executive management team have identified the expansion of its R&D capability as a strategic priority to support Alvotech’s expected growth trajectory. The Company also intends to increase its access to experienced life-science R&D professionals living outside Iceland. The Company recently announced the acquisition of Xbrane Biopharma AB’s (“Xbrane”) R&D operations at the Karolinska life-science hub in Sweden. The integration of much of Xbrane’s workforce of seasoned biosimilar developers will further expand Alvotech’s scientific and innovation capabilities  enable the Company to access a broader talent pool and help to establish a strong presence in the Swedish life-science sector  supporting growth. The shareholders of Xbrane approved the transaction at the extraordinary general meeting held on April 14  2025  and subsequent Foreign Direct Investment approval was received on May 13  2025. Closing of the transaction is expected to take place in early June 2025.A listing on Nasdaq Stockholm is expected to further strengthen Alvotech’s recognition in the Nordic and European markets  improving access to regional capital  and attracting a broader base of institutional and retail investors  based in Sweden  and beyond. Additionally  Alvotech has identified strong investor demand for opportunities to invest in European biotech  biopharma and biosimilar stocks among Nordic and international institutional investors.It is the intention of the Company to enter into an agreement with a market maker (liquidity provider) to promote further liquidity in the SDRs.Free SDR conversion periodThe Company will offer shareholders who have been owners of the Company prior to the Offering a free conversion period with an opportunity to convert their unrestricted Shares into SDRs. During a period of one year from  and including  the first day of trading in SDRs on Nasdaq Stockholm  the conversion fees charged by Euroclear Sweden and DNB Bank ASA  Sweden Branch  as issuer of the SDRs  for converting Shares to SDRs will be paid by Alvotech. For the avoidance of doubt  potential additional fees and costs charged by the shareholders’ own custodian  brokerage firm or bank will be borne by the shareholders. For information on how to convert please refer to sdr@dnb.se.AdvisorsDNB Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ) (formerly Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ) and DNB Markets  a part of DNB Bank ASA  Sweden Branch) is acting as financial advisor in relation to the Offering. Cirio Advokatbyrå AB and Westerberg & Partners are legal advisors to the Company as to Swedish law  Arendt & Medernach SA is legal advisor to the Company as to Luxembourg law  BBA//Fjeldco is legal advisor to the Company as to Icelandic law and Cooley LLP is legal advisor to the Company as to U.S. law. Linklaters Advokatbyrå is legal advisor to the financial advisors as to Swedish law and Linklaters LLP is legal advisor to the financial advisors as to US law.About AlvotechAlvotech is a biotech company  founded by Róbert Wessman  focused solely on the development and manufacture of biosimilar medicines for patients worldwide. Alvotech seeks to be a global leader in the biosimilar space by delivering high-quality  cost-effective products and services  enabled by a fully integrated approach and broad in-house capabilities. Two biosimilars  to Humira® (adalimumab) and Stelara® (ustekinumab)  are already approved and marketed in multiple global markets. The current development pipeline includes nine disclosed biosimilar candidates aimed at treating autoimmune disorders  eye disorders  osteoporosis  respiratory disease  and cancer. Alvotech has formed a network of strategic commercial partnerships to provide global reach and leverage local expertise in markets that include the United States  Europe  Japan  China  and other Asian countries and large parts of South America  Africa and the Middle East. Alvotech’s commercial partners include Teva Pharmaceuticals  a U.S. affiliate of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (U.S.)  STADA Arzneimittel AG (EU)  Fuji Pharma Co.  Ltd (Japan)  Advanz Pharma (EEA  U.K.  Switzerland  Canada  Australia and New Zealand)  Dr. Reddy’s (EEA  U.K. and U.S.)  Biogaran (France)  Cipla/Cipla Gulf/Cipla Med Pro (Australia  New Zealand  South Africa/Africa)  JAMP Pharma Corporation (Canada)  Yangtze River Pharmaceutical (Group) Co.  Ltd. (China)  DKSH (Taiwan  Hong Kong  Cambodia  Malaysia  Singapore  Indonesia  India  Bangladesh and Pakistan)  YAS Holding LLC (Middle East and North Africa)  Abdi Ibrahim (Turkey)  Kamada Ltd. (Israel)  Mega Labs  Stein  Libbs  Tuteur and Saval (Latin America) and Lotus Pharmaceuticals Co.  Ltd. (Thailand  Vietnam  Philippines  and South Korea). Each commercial partnership covers a unique set of products and territories. Except as specifically set forth therein  Alvotech disclaims responsibility for the content of periodic filings  disclosures and other reports made available by its partners. For more information  please visit https://www.alvotech.com. None of the information on the Alvotech website shall be deemed part of this press release.For more information  please visit our investor portal  and our website or follow us on social media on LinkedIn  Facebook  Instagram  and YouTube.Important informationThis announcement is not  and does not form part of  an offer to sell or buy any securities.This communication is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any jurisdiction other than Sweden  nor shall there be any sale of any such securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer  solicitation  or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. The SDRs (and underlying shares) have not been  and will not be  registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. The SDRs were being offered and sold in the Offering outside of the United States in an overseas directed offering in accordance with Regulation S.This announcement is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the ""Prospectus Regulation"") and has not been approved by any regulatory authority in any jurisdiction. A prospectus in connection with the Offering has been prepared and published by the Company on the Company’s website. The Offering was only directed to the public in Sweden.This press release does not identify or suggest  or purport to identify or suggest  the risks (direct or indirect) that may be associated with an investment in the Company. Any investment decision to acquire or subscribe for securities in connection with the Offering must be made on the basis of all publicly available information relating to the Company and the Company’s securities.DNB Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ) (formerly Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ) and DNB Markets  a part of DNB Bank ASA  Sweden Branch) is acting for Alvotech in connection with the Offering and for no one else. DNB Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ) (formerly Carnegie Investment Bank AB (publ) and DNB Markets  a part of DNB Bank ASA  Sweden Branch) will not be responsible to anyone other than Alvotech for providing the protections afforded to its clients nor for giving advice in relation to the Offering or any other matter referred to herein.Alvotech forward-looking statementsCertain statements in this communication may be considered “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or the future financial operating performance of Alvotech and may include  for example  Alvotech’s expectations regarding the expected benefits of the listing of SDRs on Nasdaq Stockholm; the timing of the settlement of the Offering; competitive advantages  business prospects and opportunities including pipeline product development; future plans and intentions  results  level of activities  performance  goals or achievements or other future events; regulatory submissions  review and interactions; the potential approval and commercial launch of its product candidates; the timing of regulatory approval  and market launches. In some cases  you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as “may”  “should”  “expect”  “intend”  “will”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “believe”  “predict”  “potential”  “aim” or “continue”  or the negatives of these terms or variations of them or similar terminology. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks  uncertainties  and other factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based upon estimates and assumptions that  while considered reasonable by Alvotech and its management  are inherently uncertain and are inherently subject to risks  variability  and contingencies  many of which are beyond Alvotech’s control. Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include  but are not limited to: (1) the ability to close the acquisition of Xbrane’s R&D operations and a biosimilar candidate  which is subject to approval of regulatory agencies and funding; (2) the ability to maintain stock exchange listing standards; (3) changes in applicable laws or regulations; (4) the possibility that Alvotech may be adversely affected by economic  business  and/or competitive factors; (5) Alvotech’s estimates of expenses and profitability; (6) Alvotech’s ability to develop  manufacture and commercialize the products and product candidates in its pipeline; (7) actions of regulatory authorities  which may affect the initiation  timing and progress of clinical studies or future regulatory approvals or marketing authorizations; (8) the ability of Alvotech or its partners to respond to inspection findings and resolve deficiencies to the satisfaction of the regulators; (9) the ability of Alvotech or its partners to enroll and retain patients in clinical studies; (10) the ability of Alvotech or its partners to gain approval from regulators for planned clinical studies  study plans or sites; (11) the ability of Alvotech’s partners to conduct  supervise and monitor existing and potential future clinical studies  which may impact development timelines and plans; (12) Alvotech’s ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval or authorizations of its products  including the timing or likelihood of expansion into additional markets or geographies; (13) the success of Alvotech’s current and future collaborations  joint ventures  partnerships or licensing arrangements; (14) Alvotech’s ability  and that of its commercial partners  to execute their commercialization strategy for approved products; (15) Alvotech’s ability to manufacture sufficient commercial supply of its approved products; (16) the outcome of ongoing and future litigation regarding Alvotech’s products and product candidates; (17) the impact of worsening macroeconomic conditions  including tariffs on Alvotech’s products in the U.S. or other markets  rising inflation and interest rates and general adverse market conditions  including the impact of conflicts in Ukraine  the Middle East and other global geopolitical tension  on the Company’s business  financial position  strategy and anticipated milestones; and (18) other risks and uncertainties set forth in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in documents that Alvotech may from time to time file or furnish with the SEC or identified in the prospectus filed with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen). There may be additional risks that Alvotech does not presently know or that Alvotech currently believes are immaterial that could also cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Nothing in this communication should be regarded as a representation by any person that the forward-looking statements set forth herein will be achieved or that any of the contemplated results of such forward-looking statements will be achieved. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date they are made. Alvotech does not undertake any duty to update these forward-looking statements or to inform the recipient of any matters of which it becomes aware of which may affect any matter referred to in this communication. Alvotech expressly disclaims any and all liability for any loss or damage (whether foreseeable or not) suffered or incurred by any person or entity as a result of anything contained or omitted from this communication. The recipient agrees that it shall not seek to sue or otherwise hold Alvotech or any of its directors  officers  employees  affiliates  agents  advisors  or representatives liable in any respect for the provision of this communication  the information contained in this communication  or the omission of any information from this communication.ALVOTECH INVESTOR RELATIONS AND GLOBAL COMMUNICATIONSBenedikt Stefansson  VPalvotech.ir@alvotech.com",neutral,0.34,0.66,0.0,mixed,0.45,0.18,0.38,True,English,"['Nasdaq Stockholm', 'Trading', 'Alvotech', 'Shares', 'subsequent Foreign Direct Investment approval', 'life-science R&D professionals', 'Nasdaq Iceland Main Market', 'Free SDR conversion period', 'R&D capability', 'R&D operations', 'Karolinska life-science hub', 'Swedish life-science sector', 'Róbert Wessman', 'Swedish Depository Receipts', 'Sw. Sveriges Riksbank', 'next exciting step', 'executive management team', 'free conversion period', 'equity share equivalents', 'broader talent pool', 'extraordinary general meeting', 'potential additional fees', 'volume-weighted average price', 'Swedish Central Bank', 'seasoned biosimilar developers', 'DNB Bank ASA', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'strong investor demand', 'expected growth trajectory', 'one ordinary share', 'many new shareholders', 'international institutional investors', 'Xbrane Biopharma AB', 'global biotech company', 'conversion fees', 'market maker', 'global leader', 'general public', 'broader base', 'European biotech', 'one year', 'biosimilar medicines', 'final price', 'application period', 'biosimilar stocks', 'share liquidity', 'strong interest', 'strong presence', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'press release', 'information purposes', 'ten percent', 'exchange rate', 'last day', 'gross proceeds', 'high-quality biologics', '90 different countries', 'commercial partnerships', 'three markets', 'U.S.', 'European markets', 'shareholder base', 'strategic priority', 'innovation capabilities', 'early June', 'regional capital', 'first day', 'brokerage firm', 'ordinary shares', 'retail investors', 'liquidity provider', 'Offering Price', 'ALVO SDB', 'biosimilars development', 'future shareholders', 'unrestricted Shares', 'trading symbol', 'recent offering', 'Euroclear Sweden', 'Sweden Branch', 'The Company', 'The Offering', 'jurisdiction', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'REYKJAVIK', 'May', 'Alvotech', 'manufacture', 'patients', 'outcome', 'SDRs', 'connection', 'listing', 'brief', 'SEK', 'discount', 'ISK', '3,000 individuals', 'ticker', 'Settlement', 'place', 'goal', 'manufacturing', 'access', 'Today', 'journey', 'service', 'current', 'Nordic', 'Founder', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Background', 'board', 'directors', 'expansion', 'experienced', 'acquisition', 'integration', 'workforce', 'scientific', 'transaction', 'April', 'Closing', 'recognition', 'opportunities', 'intention', 'agreement', 'owners', 'opportunity', 'issuer', 'avoidance', 'doubt', 'costs']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,globenewswire.com
50757,Clearstream,Bing API,https://newslite.tv/united-kingdom-surpasses-china-and-leads-us-titles/,United Kingdom surpasses China and leads US titles,The drop in registered Chinese reserves highlights Beijing’s effort to diversify its reserves  removing them from the United States Chinese US Treasury titles reserves have fallen below the,The drop in registered Chinese reserves highlights Beijing’s effort to diversify its reserves  removing them from the United StatesChinese US Treasury titles reserves have fallen below the United Kingdom for the first time since the beginning of the century  highlighting a continuous change in the management of foreign reserves by Beijing. The value of the Treasury titles arrested by China  as recorded by US banks and custodians  fell to $ 765 billion in late March  from $ 784 billion the previous month  while UK rose nearly $ 30 billion to $ 779 billion  according to data released on Friday night.This inversion places the United Kingdom as the second largest foreign holder of US Treasury titles  behind only Japan. It is the first time since October 2000 that British titles outweigh the Chinese  and is the latest sign that China seeks to gradually diversify its assets  reducing US exposure.“China has been selling slow but constant; this is a warning to the US ” said Alicia García-Herrero  chief economist for Natixis Asia Pacific. “The warning has been there for years  not suddenly – the US should have acted much before.”The data will serve as a warning sign for the US government  after the news that Moody’s followed Fitch and S&P by removing the triple classification of the world’s largest economy  citing the increase in debt and deficit.Beijing has been gradually reducing its US Treasury Titles reserves since the peak of more than $ 1.3 trillion in 2011  diversifying to other assets  such as US agencies and gold titles. Part of the fall in the value of Chinese reserves may also reflect market movements.Analysts believe that China also has a growing portion of its American assets through outsourced custodians such as Euroclear in Belgium and Clearstream in Luxembourg  which obscures the actual level of their reserves. Luxembourg reserves remained stable in March  while Belgium’s were $ 7.4 billion from February.The huge volume of Treasury titles detained by China is the result of a commercial surplus of decades with the US  that former President Donald Trump now seeks to reduce. But US government officials also expressed concern about selling titles by foreigners  which presses up the income and the debt refinancing.In March  the proportion of short -term titles in Chinese reserves – the most liquid titles that can be sold more easily in times of crisis – has reached the highest level since 2009.“Based on the visible data  there is no doubt that China has shortened its expiration of its American wallet ” said Brad Setser  expert at Council on Foreign Relations and former US Treasury employee.The increase in registered reserves of the United Kingdom does not reflect their own reserves. Instead  analysts claim that this reflects the role of London as headquarters of international capital.Holders in Europe include insurers  banks and custodians. Some hedge backgrounds have treasure titles and arbitration selling futures or swaps – colloquially known positions like “Basis Trades”.Setser said the UK number “probably [reflete] An increase in securities detained by global banks  the availability of custody services in London and  potentially  part of hedge background activity. ”Analysts claim that the data  which only show movements by the end of March  do not reflect any action taken by China after the escalation of Trump’s trade war in the so -called “Liberation Day”.“It is possible that China has made significant changes in its reserve management in the last six weeks  which will only be clear over time ” said Setser.With information from Financial Times*,neutral,0.12,0.87,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['United Kingdom', 'US titles', 'China', 'former President Donald Trump', 'former US Treasury employee', 'second largest foreign holder', 'Chinese US Treasury titles reserves', 'Alicia García-Herrero', 'Natixis Asia Pacific', 'last six weeks', 'short -term titles', 'hedge background activity', 'US government officials', 'registered Chinese reserves', 'largest economy', 'foreign reserves', 'registered reserves', 'Foreign Relations', 'British titles', 'gold titles', 'liquid titles', 'treasure titles', 'US exposure', 'US agencies', 'hedge backgrounds', 'US banks', 'United States', 'United Kingdom', 'continuous change', 'Friday night', 'latest sign', 'chief economist', 'S&P', 'triple classification', 'growing portion', 'actual level', 'huge volume', 'commercial surplus', 'highest level', 'American wallet', 'international capital', 'Basis Trades', 'custody services', 'trade war', 'Liberation Day', 'significant changes', 'Luxembourg reserves', 'first time', 'other assets', 'American assets', 'global banks', 'market movements', 'debt refinancing', 'UK number', 'reserve management', 'Financial Times', 'warning sign', 'outsourced custodians', 'Brad Setser', 'late March', 'visible data', 'drop', 'Beijing', 'effort', 'beginning', 'century', 'value', 'China', 'month', 'inversion', 'Japan', 'October', 'years', 'news', 'Moody', 'Fitch', 'world', 'increase', 'deficit', 'peak', 'Part', 'fall', 'Analysts', 'Euroclear', 'Belgium', 'Clearstream', 'February', 'result', 'decades', 'concern', 'foreigners', 'income', 'proportion', 'crisis', 'doubt', 'expiration', 'expert', 'Council', 'role', 'London', 'headquarters', 'Holders', 'Europe', 'insurers', 'arbitration', 'futures', 'swaps', 'positions', 'securities', 'availability', 'end', 'action', 'escalation', 'information']",2025-05-20,2025-05-20,newslite.tv
50758,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.yahoo.com/entertainment/articles/impactful-rawness-photobook-shows-power-063000042.html,"""With impactful rawness  his photobook shows the power of photography to move and connect us""",Lindokuhle Sobekwa wins the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2025 with project inspired by a photo he found in a bible,"When you buy through links on our articles  Future and its syndication partners may earn a commission.My mother reading a bible which for her is an escape tool from stress and pain. The Bible gives her a sense of hope that one day all will be good. 2014. | Credit: Lindokuhle SobekwaLindokuhle Sobekwa has been celebrated as the winner of the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2025 for his book I carry Her photo with Me  published by Mack in 2024.Now in its 29th year  this award is one of the most prestigious in the international art scene. It supported the launch and establishment of photographers' careers globally. As the winner  Sobekwa receives a prize of £30 000 ($40 000) in recognition of his significant contributions to contemporary photography in the past year.Advertisement AdvertisementAdvertisement AdvertisementAnne-Marie Beckmann  Director of the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation  said about the winning work  ""With impactful rawness  his photobook I carry Her photo with Me shows the power of photography to move and connect us.""The AwardFounded in 1996 by The Photographers' Gallery  the award was originally named the Citigroup Photography Prize. In collaboration with Deutsche Börse Group since 2005  it became the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize in 2016  establishing the Foundation as a non-profit dedicated to contemporary photography.Born in South Africa  Sobekwa's photographic journey began in 2012  leading to an international career. Since 2022  he has been a member of Magnum Photos and is sharing his photographic insights through lectures in both Kenya and South Africa.Advertisement AdvertisementAdvertisement AdvertisementDriven by a desire to explore the memories of his sister  their family history  and the broader implications of disappearances in South Africa  Sobekwa crafted a compelling book that artfully combines photographs  handwritten notes  and family snapshots.Now  let's take a closer look at Sobekwa's award-winning book  I carry Her photo with Me.I carry Her photo with MeImage 1 of 2Color photograph of a five individuals. Two of the children are bent down while the toddler is stood between them. There are two older girls and a boy stood smiling for the camera. One of the girls’ face is obscured by a white squareImage 2 of 2Color photograph of a notebook with an image of two women and three children crouched in front on the left hand side. On the right  the wordsSobekwa's book  I carry Her photo with Me  began when he discovered a family portrait in his mother's bible  which had the face of his older sister  Ziyanda  cut out. This image remains the only photograph he possesses of her.Ziyanda went missing when the siblings were just seven and thirteen after a traumatic incident in which Sobekwa  chased by her  was hit by a car.Advertisement AdvertisementAdvertisement AdvertisementFollowing this  she vanished  only to return a decade later  severely ill. Sobekwa attempted to capture her portrait during this time  but stopped when she reacted angrily  passing away shortly after.Image 1 of 3Color photograph of a laundry line with colored clothes hung up on itImage 2 of 3Black and white photograph of a man. Behind him there is a fire burningImage 3 of 3Color photograph of a row of houses on a sandy road. A girl's head can be seen in the corner of the photographShoair Mavlian  Director of The Photographers' Gallery and Chair of the Jury  said  ""Lindokuhle powerfully uses photography as a way for him and his family to speak about their past  loss and memory  alongside the larger story and challenges of post-Apartheid South Africa.""Sobekwa's publication resembles a scrapbook  skillfully blending photography with narrative to foster a rich dialogue about his heritage and the broader context of his homeland. Through a series of images and recollections  he delves into deeply personal storytelling that serves as a thread connecting his past to the present.Advertisement AdvertisementAdvertisement AdvertisementCentral to his exploration is the memory of his sister  Ziyanda  whose presence is felt throughout the work and the reflective examination of their family's history  revealing the intricate tapestry of relationships and dynamics that define them.Image 1 of 3Black and white photograph of a woman lying on her stomach reading a bible by candlelightImage 2 of 3Color photograph of a notebook with an image of a woman reading a book by candlelight on the right side. On the left  the wordsImage 3 of 3Color photograph of a woman sat in a bathroom looking down. She holds a sponge in her handLindokuhle Sobekwa's work and the photographs of the shortlisted artists  Cristina De Middel  Rahim Fortune  and Tarrah Krajnak  are exhibited at The Photographer's Gallery until June 15  2025.You might like...Browse the best photography awards and contests for more inspiration.",positive,0.71,0.29,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.2,0.63,True,English,"['impactful rawness', 'photobook', 'power', 'photography', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Cristina De Middel', 'best photography awards', 'international art scene', 'two older girls', 'post-Apartheid South Africa', ""The Photographers' Gallery"", 'left hand side', 'contemporary photography', 'Citigroup Photography', ""photographers' careers"", 'international career', 'two women', 'syndication partners', 'escape tool', '29th year', 'significant contributions', 'Advertisement Advertisement', 'Anne-Marie Beckmann', 'impactful rawness', 'photographic journey', 'Magnum Photos', 'photographic insights', 'broader implications', 'handwritten notes', 'closer look', 'five individuals', 'girls’ face', 'white square', 'traumatic incident', 'laundry line', 'colored clothes', 'fire burning', 'sandy road', 'Shoair Mavlian', 'larger story', 'rich dialogue', 'broader context', 'personal storytelling', 'reflective examination', 'intricate tapestry', 'right side', 'Rahim Fortune', 'Tarrah Krajnak', 'older sister', 'Color photograph', 'white photograph', 'The Award', 'The Bible', 'family snapshots', 'three children', 'compelling book', 'award-winning book', 'past year', 'winning work', 'family history', 'family portrait', 'Lindokuhle Sobekwa', 'links', 'articles', 'Future', 'commission', 'mother', 'stress', 'pain', 'sense', 'hope', 'one', 'Credit', 'winner', 'Mack', 'launch', 'establishment', 'recognition', 'Director', 'photobook', 'power', 'collaboration', 'non', 'profit', 'member', 'lectures', 'Kenya', 'desire', 'memories', 'disappearances', 'photographs', 'Image', 'toddler', 'boy', 'camera', 'notebook', 'front', 'words', 'Ziyanda', 'siblings', 'time', 'Black', 'row', 'houses', 'head', 'corner', 'Chair', 'Jury', 'way', 'loss', 'memory', 'challenges', 'publication', 'scrapbook', 'narrative', 'heritage', 'homeland', 'series', 'recollections', 'thread', 'present', 'exploration', 'presence', 'relationships', 'dynamics', 'woman', 'stomach', 'candlelight', 'bathroom', 'sponge', 'shortlisted', 'artists', 'June', 'contests', 'inspiration']",2025-05-20,2025-05-20,yahoo.com
50759,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.digitalcameraworld.com/photography/awards-and-competitions/south-african-photographer-lindokuhle-sobekwa-wins-prestigious-gbp30-000-deutsche-borse-award-for-his-family-scrapbook,South African photographer Lindokuhle Sobekwa wins prestigious £30 000 Deutsche Börse award for his family scrapbook,Lindokuhle Sobekwa wins the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2025 with project inspired by a photo he found in a bible,"My mother reading a bible which for her is an escape tool from stress and pain. The Bible gives her a sense of hope that one day all will be good. 2014Lindokuhle Sobekwa has been celebrated as the winner of the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2025 for his book I carry Her photo with Me  published by Mack in 2024.Now in its 29th year  this award is one of the most prestigious in the international art scene. It supported the launch and establishment of photographers' careers globally. As the winner  Sobekwa receives a prize of £30 000 ($40 000) in recognition of his significant contributions to contemporary photography in the past year.Anne-Marie Beckmann  Director of the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation  said about the winning work  ""With impactful rawness  his photobook I carry Her photo with Me shows the power of photography to move and connect us.""The Award Founded in 1996 by The Photographers' Gallery  the award was originally named the Citigroup Photography Prize. In collaboration with Deutsche Börse Group since 2005  it became the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize in 2016  establishing the Foundation as a non-profit dedicated to contemporary photography.Born in South Africa  Sobekwa's photographic journey began in 2012  leading to an international career. Since 2022  he has been a member of Magnum Photos and is sharing his photographic insights through lectures in both Kenya and South Africa.Driven by a desire to explore the memories of his sister  their family history  and the broader implications of disappearances in South Africa  Sobekwa crafted a compelling book that artfully combines photographs  handwritten notes  and family snapshots.The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2025 Exhibition Trailer - YouTube Watch OnNow  let's take a closer look at Sobekwa's award-winning book  I carry Her photo with Me.I carry Her photo with MeImage 1 of 2 Family group photo on a Christmas Day  2014 (Image credit: Lindokuhle Sobekwa) South Africa. Johannesburg. Thokoza 2017. Family group photo on a Christmas day (Image credit: Lindokuhle Sobekwa)Sobekwa's book  I carry Her photo with Me  began when he discovered a family portrait in his mother's bible  which had the face of his older sister  Ziyanda  cut out. This image remains the only photograph he possesses of her.Get the Digital Camera World Newsletter The best camera deals  reviews  product advice  and unmissable photography news  direct to your inbox! Contact me with news and offers from other Future brands Receive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsorsZiyanda went missing when the siblings were just seven and thirteen after a traumatic incident in which Sobekwa  chased by her  was hit by a car.Following this  she vanished  only to return a decade later  severely ill. Sobekwa attempted to capture her portrait during this time  but stopped when she reacted angrily  passing away shortly after.Image 1 of 3 South Africa. Johannesburg. Thokoza. 2013. Ziyanda's clothing (Image credit: Lindokuhle Sobekwa) Home on fire  2014 (Image credit: Lindokuhle Sobekwa) Moving to our new home in Tsakane  2014 (Image credit: Lindokuhle Sobekwa)Shoair Mavlian  Director of The Photographers' Gallery and Chair of the Jury  said  ""Lindokuhle powerfully uses photography as a way for him and his family to speak about their past  loss and memory  alongside the larger story and challenges of post-Apartheid South Africa.""Sobekwa's publication resembles a scrapbook  skillfully blending photography with narrative to foster a rich dialogue about his heritage and the broader context of his homeland. Through a series of images and recollections  he delves into deeply personal storytelling that serves as a thread connecting his past to the present.Central to his exploration is the memory of his sister  Ziyanda  whose presence is felt throughout the work and the reflective examination of their family's history  revealing the intricate tapestry of relationships and dynamics that define them.Image 1 of 3 My mother reading a bible which for her is an escape tool from stress and pain. The Bible gives her a sense of hope that one day all will be good. 2014 (Image credit: Lindokuhle Sobekwa) From the series: I carry Her photo with Me (Image credit: Lindokuhle Sobekwa) South Africa. Johannesburg. Brackendowns. 2018. My mother at work (Image credit: Lindokuhle Sobekwa)Lindokuhle Sobekwa's work and the photographs of the shortlisted artists  Cristina De Middel  Rahim Fortune  and Tarrah Krajnak  are exhibited at The Photographer's Gallery until June 15  2025.You might like...Browse the best photography awards and contests for more inspiration.",neutral,0.23,0.77,0.0,mixed,0.31,0.05,0.64,True,English,"['prestigious £30,000 Deutsche Börse award', 'South African photographer', 'Lindokuhle Sobekwa', 'family scrapbook', 'The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'Digital Camera World Newsletter', 'other Future brands', 'Cristina De Middel', 'best photography awards', 'international art scene', 'unmissable photography news', ""The Photographers' Gallery"", 'post-Apartheid South Africa', '2 Family group photo', 'best camera', 'contemporary photography', 'Citigroup Photography', ""photographers' careers"", 'The Bible', 'international career', '3 South Africa', 'escape tool', '29th year', 'significant contributions', 'Anne-Marie Beckmann', 'impactful rawness', 'photographic journey', 'Magnum Photos', 'photographic insights', 'broader implications', 'handwritten notes', 'family snapshots', 'Exhibition Trailer', 'YouTube Watch', 'closer look', 'Christmas Day', 'product advice', 'trusted partners', 'traumatic incident', 'new home', 'Shoair Mavlian', 'larger story', 'rich dialogue', 'broader context', 'personal storytelling', 'reflective examination', 'intricate tapestry', 'Rahim Fortune', 'Tarrah Krajnak', 'Image credit', 'past year', 'family history', 'compelling book', 'award-winning book', 'family portrait', 'Lindokuhle Sobekwa', 'older sister', 'winning work', 'mother', 'stress', 'pain', 'sense', 'hope', 'winner', 'Mack', 'launch', 'establishment', 'recognition', 'Director', 'photobook', 'power', 'collaboration', 'non', 'profit', 'member', 'lectures', 'Kenya', 'desire', 'memories', 'disappearances', 'photographs', 'Johannesburg', 'Thokoza', 'face', 'Ziyanda', 'deals', 'reviews', 'inbox', 'offers', 'email', 'behalf', 'sponsors', 'siblings', 'time', 'clothing', 'fire', 'Tsakane', 'Chair', 'Jury', 'way', 'loss', 'memory', 'challenges', 'publication', 'scrapbook', 'narrative', 'heritage', 'homeland', 'series', 'images', 'recollections', 'thread', 'present', 'exploration', 'presence', 'relationships', 'dynamics', 'one', 'Brackendowns', 'shortlisted', 'artists', 'June', 'contests', 'inspiration']",2025-05-20,2025-05-20,digitalcameraworld.com
50760,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/19/3084222/0/en/ASM-share-buyback-update-May-12-16-2025.html,ASM share buyback update May 12 – 16  2025,Almere  The NetherlandsMay 19  2025  5:45 p.m. CET  ASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) reports the following transactions  conducted...,Almere  The NetherlandsMay 19  2025  5:45 p.m. CETASM International N.V. (Euronext Amsterdam: ASM) reports the following transactions  conducted under ASM's current share buyback program.Date Repurchased shares Average price Repurchased value May 12  2025 2 126 € 481.32 € 1 023 285 May 14  2025 816 € 492.00 € 401 473 May 15  2025 3 777 € 489.70 € 1 849 592 May 16  2025 3 246 € 491.05 € 1 593 937 Total 9 965 € 488.54 € 4 868 287These repurchases were made as part of the €150 million share buyback program which started on April 30  2025. Of the total program  10.7% has been repurchased. For further details including individual transaction information please visit: www.asm.com/investors/dividends-share-buybacks.About ASM InternationalASM International N.V.  headquartered in Almere  the Netherlands  and its subsidiaries design and manufacture equipment and process solutions to produce semiconductor devices for wafer processing  and have facilities in the United States  Europe  and Asia. ASM International's common stock trades on the Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange (symbol: ASM). For more information  visit ASM's website at www.asm.com.This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['ASM share buyback update', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'current share buyback program', '€150 million share buyback program', 'Euronext Amsterdam Stock Exchange', 'ASM International N.V.', 'common stock trades', 'individual transaction information', 'total program', 'following transactions', 'Average price', 'process solutions', 'semiconductor devices', 'wafer processing', 'United States', 'press release', 'The Netherlands', 'Almere', 'May', 'CET', 'Date', 'shares', 'repurchases', 'part', 'April', 'details', 'investors/dividends', 'share-buybacks', 'subsidiaries', 'manufacture', 'equipment', 'facilities', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'symbol', 'website', 'meaning', '5:45']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,globenewswire.com
50761,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/19/3084273/0/en/Voltalia-announces-the-appointment-of-two-new-Board-members-including-one-independent.html,Voltalia announces the appointment of two new Board members  including one independent,Voltalia announces the appointment of two new Board members  including one independent    Voltalia (Euronext Paris  code ISIN: FR0011995588)  an......,Voltalia announces the appointment of two new Board members  including one independentVoltalia (Euronext Paris  code ISIN: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energies  announces the appointment of two new board members. Their nomination has been validated by the shareholders during the Voltalia Annual General Meeting held on May 15  2025« Following last Thursday's Annual General Meeting  we are pleased to announce the appointment of Bertrand Cousin as an independent Board member  replacing Alain Papiasse  as well as the arrival of Alexis Grolin to Voltalia's Board of Directors.Their appointment enriches our governance with expertise that complements the rest of the Board  in the service of our strategic thinking and our ambition for sustainable and responsible growth. Following the continuous growth of his professional commitments  Alain Papiasse decided to terminate his mandate. We thank him warmly  he has allowed us to make great progress through his valuable contributions over the past five years »  comments Laurence Mulliez  Chairman of Volalia’s Board of Directors.M. Bertrand Cousin joins the Board as an independent director. He will join the Audit Committee as Chairman  and will replace Alain Papiasse  outgoing independent director. With over 30 years’ experience in the banking sector in France and abroad  he has notably managed several teams with responsibility for asset financing and infrastructure projects. His independent view and in-depth knowledge of global financial challenges will be valuable assets to support Voltalia's strategy.M. Alexis Grolin  with 20 years’ experience in asset management and business transformation  has contributed to structuring numerous projects in infrastructure  real estate and renewable energies. His expertise in corporate governance and impact investing reinforces Voltalia’s commitment to the energy transition.Following those appointments  Voltalia pursues its commitment to a rigorous governance  focused on innovation and operational excellence.Next on the agenda: Q2 2025 turnover  on July 23  2025 (after market close)About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in renewable energies. The Group produces and sells electricity from its wind  solar  hydro  biomass and storage facilities. It has 3.3 GW of capacity in operation and under construction  and a portfolio of projects under development with a total capacity of 17.4 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider  supporting its renewable energy customers at every stage of their projects  from design to operation and maintenance.A pioneer in the business market  Voltalia offers a comprehensive range of services to businesses  from the supply of green electricity to energy efficiency services and the local production of its own electricity.With more than 2 000 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally on behalf of its customers.Voltalia is listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (FR0011995588 - VLTSA) and is included in the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid&Small indices. The company is also included  amongst others  in the MSCI ESG ratings and the Sustainalytics ratings. VoltaliaEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 Press Relations Seitosei.Actifin - Jennifer Julliajennifer.jullia@seitosei-actifin.comT. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 19Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.8,0.2,0.0,True,English,"['two new Board members', 'one independent', 'Voltalia', 'appointment', 'CAC Mid&Small indices', 'two new Board members', 'Voltalia Annual General Meeting', 'global financial challenges', 'MSCI ESG ratings', 'past five years', 'M. Bertrand Cousin', 'M. Alexis Grolin', 'Press Relations Seitosei', 'Euronext regulated market', 'energy efficiency services', 'independent Board member', 'renewable energy customers', 'energy transition', 'Sustainalytics ratings', '30 years’ experience', '20 years’ experience', 'market close', 'business market', 'renewable energies', 'one independent', 'independent director', 'independent view', 'Euronext Paris', 'international player', 'last Thursday', 'Alain Papiasse', 'strategic thinking', 'responsible growth', 'continuous growth', 'professional commitments', 'great progress', 'valuable contributions', 'Laurence Mulliez', 'Audit Committee', 'banking sector', 'several teams', 'asset financing', 'depth knowledge', 'valuable assets', 'asset management', 'business transformation', 'real estate', 'impact investing', 'operational excellence', 'Q2 2025 turnover', 'The Group', 'storage facilities', 'comprehensive range', 'local production', 'Enternext Tech', 'corporate governance', 'rigorous governance', 'numerous projects', 'service provider', 'total capacity', 'green electricity', 'infrastructure projects', 'Jennifer Jullia', 'appointment', 'code', 'ISIN', 'nomination', 'shareholders', 'May', 'arrival', 'Directors', 'expertise', 'rest', 'ambition', 'sustainable', 'mandate', 'comments', 'Chairman', 'Volalia', 'France', 'responsibility', 'strategy', 'innovation', 'agenda', 'July', 'hydro', 'biomass', '3.3 GW', 'construction', 'portfolio', 'development', '17.4 GW', 'stage', 'design', 'maintenance', 'pioneer', 'businesses', 'supply', '2,000 employees', '20 countries', '3 continents', 'behalf', 'VLTSA', 'company', 'others', 'Email', 'T.', 'Actifin', 'Attachment']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,globenewswire.com
50762,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/19/3083934/0/en/JDE-Peet-s-share-buyback-periodic-update-May-19-2025.html,JDE Peet’s share buyback periodic update May 19  2025,PRESS RELEASE  Amsterdam  May 19  2025  JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP)  the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company  today announced that it has......,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  May 19  2025JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP)  the world’s leading pure-play coffee and tea company  today announced that it has repurchased 21 909 shares in the period from May 12  2025 up to and including May 16  2025.The shares were repurchased at an average price of EUR 22.08 per share for a total consideration of EUR 0.5 million. These repurchases were made as part of the EUR 250 million share buyback programme announced on March 3  2025.The total number of shares repurchased under this programme to date is 3 622 662 ordinary shares for a total consideration of EUR 67.5 million. More details on the progress of the buyback programme are available here.This press release is issued in connection with the disclosure and reporting obligation set out in Article 2(3) of the EU Regulation 2016/1052 that contains technical standards for buyback programmes.# # #EnquiriesMediaKhaled Rabbani+31 20 558 1735Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 6 1594 4569IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 400 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2024  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.8 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 21 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['share buyback periodic update', 'JDE Peet', 'EUR 250 million share buyback programme', 'leading pure-play coffee', 'buyback programmes', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'average price', 'total consideration', 'total number', 'More details', 'reporting obligation', 'EU Regulation', 'technical standards', 'Khaled Rabbani', 'Robin Jansen', 'L’OR', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'global workforce', 'JDE Peet', 'Enquiries Media', 'tea company', '3,622,662 ordinary shares', '21,909 shares', 'Amsterdam', 'May', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'world', 'period', 'repurchases', 'part', 'March', 'date', 'progress', 'connection', 'disclosure', 'Article', 'Investors', 'Analysts', '4,400 cups', 'second', 'possibilities', '100 markets', 'portfolio', '50 brands', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'Tassimo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '21,000 employees', 'journey', 'Attachment']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,globenewswire.com
50763,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/19/3084290/0/en/Eurobio-Scientific-EB-Development-rises-above-90-threshold.html,Eurobio Scientific: EB Development rises above 90% threshold,EB Development rises above 90% threshold  Paris  May 19  2024 – 7:00 pm - Eurobio Scientific (FR0013240934  ALERS  PEA-PME eligible)  a leading French......,EB Development rises above 90% thresholdParis  May 19  2024 – 7:00 pm - Eurobio Scientific (FR0013240934  ALERS  PEA-PME eligible)  a leading French group in in vitro medical diagnostics and life sciences  was informed today by EB Development that it had exceeded the threshold of 90% of the company's share capital. This threshold crossing results from the acquisition by EB Development of Eurobio Scientific shares on the market.EB Development now holds 9 224 652 shares  or 90.01% of Eurobio Scientific's share capital and 90.01% of its voting rights.Next financial meetingAnnual General Meeting: June 19  2025About Eurobio ScientificEurobio Scientific is a major player in the field of specialty in vitro diagnostics. It is involved from research to marketing of diagnostic tests in the fields of transplantation  immunology and infectious diseases  and offers dedicated reagents for research laboratories  including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. With its numerous partnerships and strong hospital presence  Eurobio Scientific has its own extensive distribution network and a portfolio of proprietary products. The Group has around 320 employees  four production units based in the Paris region  Germany  the Netherlands and the USA  and subsidiaries in Milan (Italy)  Dorking (UK)  Sissach (Switzerland)  Bünde (Germany)  Antwerp (Belgium) and Utrecht (Netherlands).Eurobio Scientific's reference shareholders are the funds IK Partners and NextStage AM  together with its two directors Jean-Michel Carle and Denis Fortier. For further information  visitEurobio Scientific shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris. Euronext Growth BPI Innovation  PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indices  Euronext European Rising Tech label.mnemonic: ALERS - ISIN code: FR0013240934 - Reuters: ALERS.PA - Bloomberg: ALERS:FPAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Eurobio Scientific', 'EB Development', '90% threshold', 'Next financial meeting Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext European Rising Tech', 'Euronext Growth BPI Innovation', 'Next Biotech indices', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'strong hospital presence', 'extensive distribution network', 'four production units', 'leading French group', 'vitro medical diagnostics', 'Eurobio Scientific shares', 'vitro diagnostics', 'The Group', 'EB Development', 'life sciences', 'share capital', 'voting rights', 'major player', 'diagnostic tests', 'infectious diseases', 'dedicated reagents', 'biotechnology companies', 'numerous partnerships', 'proprietary products', 'Paris region', 'Bünde', 'reference shareholders', 'IK Partners', 'NextStage AM', 'two directors', 'Jean-Michel Carle', 'Denis Fortier', 'ISIN code', 'research laboratories', 'threshold crossing', '9,224,652 shares', '90% threshold', 'May', 'ALERS', 'PEA-PME', 'company', 'results', 'acquisition', 'market', 'June', 'field', 'specialty', 'transplantation', 'immunology', 'pharmaceutical', 'portfolio', '320 employees', 'Germany', 'Netherlands', 'USA', 'subsidiaries', 'Milan', 'Italy', 'Dorking', 'UK', 'Sissach', 'Switzerland', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'Utrecht', 'funds', 'information', 'Reuters', 'Bloomberg', 'Attachment', '7:00']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,globenewswire.com
50764,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/19/3083747/0/en/Xavier-Chardon-Appointed-CEO-of-Citro%C3%ABn.html,Xavier Chardon Appointed CEO of Citroën,Xavier Chardon Appointed CEO of Citroën  AMSTERDAM  May 19  2025 – Xavier Chardon is appointed Chief Executive Officer of Citroën  effective June 2 ...,Xavier Chardon Appointed CEO of CitroënAMSTERDAM  May 19  2025 – Xavier Chardon is appointed Chief Executive Officer of Citroën  effective June 2  2025  reporting to Jean-Philippe Imparato  Stellantis’ Chief Operating Officer  Enlarged Europe.Xavier Chardon will continue the momentum initiated by the brand in recent months. With a strong international background and in-depth knowledge of the Citroën brand  to which he dedicated almost 20 years of his career  Xavier Chardon’s mission will be to build on Citroën’s recent successes and accelerate the brand’s transformation in a rapidly changing automotive landscape.Jean-Philippe Imparato stated: “I would like to thank Thierry Koskas for leading Citroën brand over the last two years and for achieving its line up renewal  most recently with the presentation of the new C5 Aircross.”“We are very pleased to welcome Xavier Chardon to the head of Citroën. His rich and diverse career  his expertise in the automotive sector and his knowledge of the brand will be valuable assets in leading Citroën towards new horizons and strengthening its unique position in the market”  concluded Imparato..# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is a leading global automaker  dedicated to giving its customers the freedom to choose the way they move  embracing the latest technologies and creating value for all its stakeholders. Its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands includes Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  FIAT  Jeep®  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comNathalie ROUSSEL +33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.16,0.84,0.0,positive,0.77,0.22,0.0,True,English,"['Xavier Chardon', 'Citroën', 'CEO', 'Stellantis’ Chief Operating Officer', 'leading Citroën brand', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'leading global automaker', 'strong international background', 'changing automotive landscape', 'new C5 Aircross', 'last two years', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'automotive sector', 'new horizons', 'Xavier Chardon', 'Enlarged Europe', 'recent months', 'recent successes', 'Thierry Koskas', 'line up', 'valuable assets', 'unique position', 'Euronext Milan', 'Euronext Paris', 'latest technologies', 'unique portfolio', 'innovative brands', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'Jean-Philippe Imparato', 'depth knowledge', 'diverse career', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'Nathalie ROUSSEL', '20 years', 'CEO', 'AMSTERDAM', 'momentum', 'mission', 'transformation', 'renewal', 'presentation', 'head', 'rich', 'expertise', 'market', 'NYSE', 'STLA', 'customers', 'freedom', 'way', 'value', 'stakeholders', 'iconic', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'FIAT', 'Jeep®', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'information', 'fernao', 'Attachment']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,globenewswire.com
50765,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/19/3083872/0/en/Signify-share-repurchase-period-update.html,Signify share repurchase period update,Press ReleaseMay 19  2025Signify share repurchase period update Eindhoven  the Netherlands – Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  today announced that it has repurchased 26 782 shares in the period May 12 to May 16  2025. The shares were r…,Press ReleaseMay 19  2025Signify share repurchase period updateEindhoven  the Netherlands – Signify (Euronext: LIGHT)  the world leader in lighting  today announced that it has repurchased 26 782 shares in the period May 12 to May 16  2025. The shares were repurchased at an average price of EUR 20.50 per share and an aggregate amount of EUR 0.5 million. Signify will use these repurchased shares to reduce the company’s capital.The repurchases were made as part of the company’s share repurchase program  which was announced on February 4  2025. The total number of shares repurchased under this program to date is 2 423 065 shares for a total consideration of EUR 47.7 million.Details on the share buyback transactions can be found here.--- END ---For further information  please contact:Signify Investor RelationsThelke GerdesTel: +31 6 1801 7131E-mail: thelke.gerdes@signify.comSignify Corporate CommunicationsTom LodgeTel: +31 6 5252 5416E-mail: tom.lodge@signify.comAbout SignifySignify (Euronext: LIGHT) is the world leader in lighting for professionals  consumers and the Internet of Things. Our Philips products  Interact systems and data-enabled services deliver business value and transform life in homes  buildings and public spaces. In 2024  we had sales of EUR 6.1 billion  approximately 29 000 employees and a presence in over 70 countries. We unlock the extraordinary potential of light for brighter lives and a better world. We have been in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index since our IPO for eight consecutive years and have achieved the EcoVadis Platinum rating for five consecutive years  placing Signify in the top one percent of companies assessed. News from Signify can be found in the Newsroom\  on X  LinkedIn and Instagram. Information for investors is located on the Investor Relations page.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['share repurchase period update', 'Dow Jones Sustainability World Index', 'Corporate Communications Tom Lodge', 'share repurchase period update', 'eight consecutive years', 'EcoVadis Platinum rating', 'five consecutive years', 'top one percent', 'share buyback transactions', 'share repurchase program', 'Investor Relations page', 'world leader', 'Press Release', 'average price', 'aggregate amount', 'total number', 'total consideration', 'Philips products', 'Interact systems', 'data-enabled services', 'business value', 'public spaces', 'extraordinary potential', 'brighter lives', 'Thelke Gerdes', 'May', 'Eindhoven', 'Netherlands', 'Signify', 'Euronext', 'LIGHT', '26,782 shares', 'company', 'capital', 'repurchases', 'part', 'February', '2,423,065 shares', 'Details', 'END', 'information', 'Tel', 'mail', 'professionals', 'consumers', 'Internet', 'Things', 'life', 'homes', 'buildings', 'sales', '29,000 employees', 'presence', '70 countries', 'IPO', 'companies', 'News', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'investors', 'Attachment', '31']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,globenewswire.com
50766,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/19/3084221/0/en/Melexis-update-on-the-share-buy-back-program.html,Melexis: update on the share buy-back program,Press release - Regulated Information    Ieper  Belgium – 19 May 2025  17.45 hrs CET  Further to the initiation of the share buy-back program announced...,Press release - Regulated InformationIeper  Belgium – 19 May 2025  17.45 hrs CETFurther to the initiation of the share buy-back program announced on 10 December 2024  Melexis reports the purchase of 25 124 Melexis shares on Euronext Brussels in the period from 12 to 16 May 2025.Trade date Total shares purchased Average price (€) Min price (€) Max price (€) Buyback amount (€) 12/5/2025 124 58.49 58.45 58.50 7 253 13/5/2025 6 000 60.63 59.80 61.20 363 768 14/5/2025 6 000 60.32 59.75 61.55 361 937 15/5/2025 6 000 61.32 60.45 61.55 367 929 16/5/2025 7 000 60.93 60.65 61.70 426 507 TOTAL 25 124 60.79 58.45 61.70 1 527 394As a result of purchases made since the launch of the share buy-back program for up to 850 000 shares  Melexis now holds 409 824 treasury shares.,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['share buy-back program', 'Melexis', 'update', 'share buy-back program', 'Press release', 'Regulated Information', '17.45 hrs CET', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Trade date', 'Average price', 'Min price', 'Max price', 'Buyback amount', 'Total shares', '409,824 treasury shares', '25,124 Melexis shares', '850,000 shares', 'Ieper', 'Belgium', '19 May', 'initiation', '10 December', 'purchase', 'period', '16 May', 'result', 'launch']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,globenewswire.com
50767,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/19/3084271/0/en/IBA-ACQUISITION-OF-OWN-SHARES.html,IBA – ACQUISITION OF OWN SHARES,Immediate Release – May 19th  2025  Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  May 19th  2025 - In accordance with article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019......,Immediate Release – May 19th  2025Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  May 19th  2025 - In accordance with article 8:4 of the Royal Decree of 29 April 2019 executing the Belgian Code on Companies and Associations  Ion Beam Applications SA (“IBA”) hereby discloses information in relation to its share buyback program announced on March 24th  2025.Under this program  IBA has requested a financial intermediary to repurchase up to 650 000 IBA ordinary shares on its behalf under the terms of a mandate with validity until December 31st  2025  effective as from March 25th  2025  to cover the company’s obligations under long-term incentive plans for management and certain members of its personnel.In the framework of this share buyback program  IBA repurchased 26 500 IBA shares on Euronext Brussels in the period from May 13th  2025 up to and including May 19th  2025  as follows:Trade date Shares purchased Average price Min price Max price Buyback amount 13-05-25 0 14-05-25 3 000 11.58 € 11.54 € 11.60 € 34 752.30 € 15-05-25 7 000 11.41 € 11.34 € 11.50 € 79 888.20 € 16-05-25 7 000 11.38 € 11.34 € 11.44 € 79 645.30 € 19-05-25 9 500 11.20 € 11.16 € 11.36 € 106 440.85 € TOTAL 26 500 11.35 € 11.16 € 11.60 € 300 726.65 €The total number of shares purchased under this program therefore amounts to 582 849  following this eighth week of execution. As a result  the current situation with respect to treasury shares (held directly by IBA SA and indirectly through its subsidiary IBA Investments SRL) is the following :Shares Voting rights IBA Investments SRL 51 973 103 946 IBA SA 896 428 962 851 Total - Treasury shares 948 401 1 066 797 Total - Issued shares 30 282 218 40 514 366 Treasury shares in % 3.13% 2.63%About IBAIBA (Ion Beam Applications S.A.) is the world leader in particle accelerator technology. The company is the leading supplier of equipment and services in the fields of proton therapy  considered as the most advanced form of radiation therapy available today  as well as industrial sterilization  radiopharmaceuticals and dosimetry. The company  based in Louvain-la-Neuve  Belgium  employs approximately 2 100 people worldwide. IBA is a certified B Corporation (B Corp) meeting the highest standards of verified social and environmental performance.IBA is listed on the pan-European stock exchange EURONEXT (IBA: Reuters IBAB.BR and Bloomberg IBAB.BB).More information can be found at: www.iba-worldwide.comContact personIBAThomas PevenageInvestor Relationsinvestorrelations@iba-group.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['OWN SHARES', 'IBA', 'ACQUISITION', 'Ion Beam Applications S.A.', 'up to 650,000 IBA ordinary shares', 'Ion Beam Applications SA', 'Max price Buyback amount', 'long-term incentive plans', 'particle accelerator technology', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'Investor Relations investorrelations', 'certified B Corporation', 'Reuters IBAB.BR', 'share buyback program', 'Trade date Shares', 'Shares Voting rights', 'IBA Investments SRL', 'Average price', 'Min price', 'Bloomberg IBAB', 'IBA SA', 'treasury shares', '26,500 IBA shares', 'Immediate Release', 'May 19th', 'Royal Decree', 'Belgian Code', 'March 24th', 'financial intermediary', 'December 31st', 'March 25th', 'May 13th', 'total number', 'eighth week', 'current situation', 'world leader', 'leading supplier', 'proton therapy', 'advanced form', 'radiation therapy', 'industrial sterilization', 'highest standards', 'environmental performance', 'Contact person', 'Thomas Pevenage', 'Euronext Brussels', 'More information', 'Louvain-la-Neuve', 'Belgium', 'accordance', '29 April', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'behalf', 'terms', 'mandate', 'validity', 'company', 'obligations', 'management', 'members', 'personnel', 'framework', 'period', 'execution', 'result', 'respect', 'subsidiary', 'equipment', 'services', 'fields', 'radiopharmaceuticals', 'dosimetry', '2,100 people', 'social', 'BB', 'group', 'Attachment']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,globenewswire.com
50768,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4127273.html,Sofitel and MGallery Collection Honoured with Prestigious Tatler Best Vietnam 2025 Awards,The iconic Sofitel and MGallery Collection brands within Accor’s Luxury & Lifestyle division have won a series of prestigious Tatler Best Vietnam 2025 awards  which recognise the country’s leading hotels  resorts  restaurants and bars.The Albion by Kirk Westa…,The iconic Sofitel and MGallery Collection brands within Accor’s Luxury & Lifestyle division have won a series of prestigious Tatler Best Vietnam 2025 awards  which recognise the country’s leading hotels  resorts  restaurants and bars.The Albion by Kirk Westaway  the casual British restaurant that opened in November 2024 at Hotel des Arts Saigon – MGallery Collection  was named as the “Restaurant of the Year” in the “Best-in-Class” category. This distinction affirms its status as the country’s first venue where diners can discover innovative takes on classic British cuisine. Nestled on this chic boutique hotel’s 23rd floor  with sweeping views of the Saigon skyline  this impressive culinary destination balances classic 1930s décor and creates modern dishes that highlight British flavours while embracing fresh  local ingredients from Dalat’s organic farms. The Albion by Kirk Westaway was also placed on the “Tatler Best 20 Restaurants” list.Also recognised by the “Tatler Best 20 Restaurants” collection is ST25 by KOTO  the contemporary Vietnamese establishment at Sofitel Saigon Plaza. This vibrant restaurant pays tribute to ST25  the renowned rice variety  which was named as the “World’s Best Rice” in 2019. More than just a purveyor of the finest Vietnamese cuisine  ST25 by KOTO is also committed to community empowerment as it provides local young people with opportunities to develop their skills and advance their careers.The “Tatler Best-in-Class Restaurants” awards also celebrate individual excellence  and Robin Mouquet of Sofitel Saigon Plaza was heralded as Vietnam’s “Best Pastry Chef”. A master pâtissier  Chef Robin delights the hotel’s guests and visiting pastry lovers with his creative skills  including an innovative take on the classic French croissant which infuses the flavours of Vietnamese tea. Don’t miss his artfully crafted delicacies at Le Sucré  the hotel’s café that has just opened.In the “Tatler Best Hotels” list for 2025  Sofitel Legend Metropole Hanoi was named as Vietnam’s “Best Heritage Hotel”. This elegant “grande dame” has welcomed visitors – including many legendary stars of stage and screen – to Vietnam’s capital city for over 120 years  and now stands as an iconic urban landmark. Guests can experience the hotel's original grandeur in the well-preserved Heritage Wing  uncover its rich history with guided tours  dine at Le Beaulieu  one of Hanoi’s oldest and most highly acclaimed restaurants  or sip a cup of Vietnamese egg coffee  which was invented at the hotel in the 1940s.Tatler Best is guided by a panel of leading experts in tourism  cuisine and beverage preparation across Vietnam. The award winners not only reflect the highest standards of service but also highlight emerging trends that cater to the tastes and preferences of the most discerning clientele.Accor is a leading hotel operator in Vietnam  with a rapidly expanding portfolio of almost 50 hotels and resorts nationwide. The luxury Sofitel brand  which celebrated its 60th anniversary in 2024  has doubled its footprint in Vietnam with the signing of Sofitel Sapa Hotel & Residences and Sofitel Diamond Crown Hai Phong. The recent opening of The Albion by Kirk Westaway at Hotel des Arts Saigon – MGallery Collection represents Accor's commitment to elevating the country's culinary scene by attracting the industry's most distinguished chefs.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world-leading hospitality group offering stays and experiences across more than 110 countries with over 5 600 hotels and resorts  10 000 bars & restaurants  wellness facilities and flexible workspaces. The Group has one of the industry's most diverse hospitality ecosystems  encompassing around 45 hotel brands from luxury to economy  as well as Lifestyle with Ennismore. ALL  the booking platform and loyalty program embodies the Accor promise during and beyond the hotel stay and gives its members access to unique experiences. Accor is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity  and inclusivity. Accor's mission is reflected in the Group's purpose: Pioneering the art of responsible hospitality  connecting cultures  with heartfelt care. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France. Included in the CAC 40 index  the Group is publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information  please visit group.accor.com or follow us on X  Facebook  LinkedIn  Instagram and TikTok.,neutral,0.13,0.87,0.0,positive,0.73,0.27,0.0,True,English,"['Prestigious Tatler Best Vietnam 2025 Awards', 'MGallery Collection', 'Sofitel', 'Sofitel Diamond Crown Hai Phong', 'prestigious Tatler Best Vietnam 2025 awards', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'classic 1930s décor', 'Hotel des Arts Saigon', 'Tatler Best 20 Restaurants” collection', 'Tatler Best Hotels” list', 'classic French croissant', 'Sofitel Saigon Plaza', 'fresh, local ingredients', 'renowned rice variety', 'local young people', 'master pâtissier', 'elegant “grande dame', 'many legendary stars', 'contemporary Vietnamese establishment', 'Vietnamese egg coffee', 'diverse hospitality ecosystems', 'impressive culinary destination', 'Best Pastry Chef', 'iconic urban landmark', 'classic British cuisine', 'chic boutique hotel', 'casual British restaurant', 'Sofitel Sapa Hotel', 'finest Vietnamese cuisine', 'Legend Metropole Hanoi', 'MGallery Collection brands', 'leading hotel operator', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'luxury Sofitel brand', 'iconic Sofitel', 'Saigon skyline', 'Vietnamese tea', '45 hotel brands', 'responsible hospitality', 'vibrant restaurant', 'Chef Robin', 'pastry lovers', 'culinary scene', 'leading hotels', 'leading experts', 'Heritage Hotel', 'hotel stay', 'British flavours', 'acclaimed restaurants', 'The Albion', 'Kirk Westaway', 'first venue', 'innovative takes', '23rd floor', 'sweeping views', 'modern dishes', 'organic farms', 'community empowerment', 'individual excellence', 'Robin Mouquet', 'Le Sucré', 'capital city', 'original grandeur', 'Heritage Wing', 'rich history', 'guided tours', 'Le Beaulieu', 'beverage preparation', 'award winners', 'highest standards', 'emerging trends', 'discerning clientele', 'expanding portfolio', '60th anniversary', 'recent opening', 'distinguished chefs', 'wellness facilities', 'flexible workspaces', 'booking platform', 'loyalty program', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'environmental sustainability', 'community engagement', 'heartfelt care', 'CAC 40 index', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'The Group', 'Class Restaurants', 'Lifestyle division', 'creative skills', 'unique experiences', 'responsible tourism', 'Accor promise', 'Accor SA', 'accor.com', '50 hotels', '5,600 hotels', 'series', 'country', 'resorts', 'bars', 'November', 'Year', 'category', 'distinction', 'status', 'diners', 'Dalat', 'ST25', 'KOTO', 'tribute', 'purveyor', 'opportunities', 'careers', 'guests', 'delicacies', 'café', 'visitors', 'stage', 'screen', 'oldest', 'cup', '1940s', 'panel', 'service', 'tastes', 'preferences', 'footprint', 'signing', 'Residences', 'commitment', 'industry', 'stays', '110 countries', 'economy', 'Ennismore', 'members', 'access', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', 'mission', 'purpose', 'cultures', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'TikTok']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,hospitalitynet.org
50769,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finovate.com/etoro-to-offer-insurance-in-france-courtesy-of-generali-partnership/,eToro to Offer Insurance in France Courtesy of Generali Partnership,Stocks  bonds  and … life insurance? That’s the deal that trading and investing platform eToro has struck with French life insurance provider Generali this week. The partnership between eToro and Generali will enable the platform to offer its users in France …,Trading and investing platform eToro has partnered with French life insurance leader Generali to offer life insurance and a French retirement savings plan called a PER to customers in France.The partnership comes days after eToro went public in the US on the Nasdaq stock exchange.Founded in 2007  eToro has won Best of Show in all six of its Finovate appearances.Stocks  bonds  and … life insurance?That’s the deal that trading and investing platform eToro has struck with French life insurance provider Generali this week. The partnership between eToro and Generali will enable the platform to offer its users in France life insurance and a PER (Plan d’Épargne Retraite)  a tax-advantaged French retirement savings plan.The PER and life insurance contracts available through the alliance with eToro Patrimonie  eToro’s local subsidiary  provide both managed and self-directed options to serve a range of retail investor preferences and risk tolerances. Investors can also build their own investment allocations by choosing from among 500 different mutual funds  exchange-traded funds (ETFs)  stocks  and dated bond funds.“Introducing savings solutions for eToro’s users in France and opening a local subsidiary underscore our commitment to strengthen our footprint in a key market for the business ” said Julien Nebenzahl  President of eToro Patrimoine. “With these new products  we want to empower retail investors to build a robust savings portfolio that allows them to grow their wealth for the long-term.”Among France’s leading insurers and asset managers  Generali France offers a range of insurance solutions including life  property  health  liability  and assistance coverage. The firm also provides wealth and asset management services to its eight million retail  professional  and corporate clients. Founded in 1832  the institution reported a revenue of €19.2 billion in 2024.“We are delighted to support eToro  a globally recognized investment player  in the launch of its subsidiary in France and its savings offering ” Corentin Favennec  Partnerships Director at Generali Patrimoine  said. “Our 100% digital PER and life insurance products  which complement each other  perfectly fit into eToro’s value proposition to serve the wealth management needs of the French people.”The launch of eToro’s new insurance offering comes in the wake of a number of product releases announced for the company’s customers in France. Last year  eToro enabled trading in local currency for eToro Money EUR accounts. The company also expanded the number of French-listed stocks from Euronext Paris that could be traded on the eToro platform. The insurance news in France also comes as eToro makes its debut as a public company on the Nasdaq. eToro raised nearly $310 million in its IPO last week  giving the platform a market capitalization north of $5.4 billion. The company’s successful offering was hoped by many to be a sign of resurgent strength for the IPO market.Founded in 2007  eToro is a trading and investing platform with 40 million registered users in 75 countries. eToro’s customers can use the platform to buy and sell assets from 20 global stock exchanges  as well as trade and invest in more than 70 cryptocurrencies. A pioneer in collaborative investing  eToro offers a CopyTrader feature that enables users to automatically copy the buying and selling of other  more experienced  investors in real time.eToro has won Best of Show in all six of its Finovate appearances beginning in 2011. The company most recently demoed its technology on the Finovate stage at FinovateEurope 2017.Photo by Martijn Adegeest,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.74,0.26,0.0,True,English,"['Generali Partnership', 'eToro', 'Insurance', 'France', 'Courtesy', 'French retirement savings plan', 'French life insurance leader', 'French life insurance provider', 'robust savings portfolio', '20 global stock exchanges', 'Introducing savings solutions', '500 different mutual funds', 'dated bond funds', 'life insurance contracts', 'retail investor preferences', 'asset management services', 'life insurance products', 'Nasdaq stock exchange', 'wealth management needs', 'new insurance offering', '40 million registered users', 'France life insurance', 'French people', 'savings offering', 'insurance solutions', 'new products', 'insurance news', 'exchange-traded funds', 'asset managers', 'successful offering', 'retail investors', 'Finovate appearances', 'directed options', 'risk tolerances', 'investment allocations', 'key market', 'Julien Nebenzahl', 'leading insurers', 'corporate clients', 'investment player', 'Corentin Favennec', 'Partnerships Director', 'value proposition', 'product releases', 'local currency', 'Euronext Paris', 'market capitalization', 'resurgent strength', 'collaborative investing', 'CopyTrader feature', 'real time', 'Finovate stage', 'Martijn Adegeest', 'The PER', 'local subsidiary', '100% digital PER', 'experienced, investors', 'investing platform', 'IPO market', 'Generali Patrimoine', 'French-listed stocks', 'public company', 'eToro Patrimonie', 'eToro Patrimoine', 'eToro Money', 'Generali France', 'eToro platform', 'Trading', 'customers', 'Best', 'Show', 'bonds', 'deal', 'tax-advantaged', 'alliance', 'managed', 'range', 'ETFs', 'commitment', 'footprint', 'business', 'President', 'long-term', 'property', 'health', 'liability', 'assistance', 'coverage', 'firm', 'institution', 'revenue', 'launch', 'wake', 'number', 'accounts', 'debut', 'sign', '75 countries', 'assets', '70 cryptocurrencies', 'pioneer', 'buying', 'selling', 'technology', 'FinovateEurope', 'Photo']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,finovate.com
50770,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/19/3083772/0/en/Icelandic-Salmon-Invitation-to-presentation-for-the-first-quarter-2025-results.html,Icelandic Salmon – Invitation to presentation for the first quarter 2025 results,Bíldudalur  19 May 2025  Icelandic Salmon will be presenting its results for the first quarter of 2025 tomorrow on Tuesday  20 May 2025.  The...,Bíldudalur  19 May 2025Icelandic Salmon will be presenting its results for the first quarter of 2025 tomorrow on Tuesday  20 May 2025.The presentation will be held in English via webcast. Please copy and paste the following link into your browser: www.arnarlax.webcast.is.CEO Bjørn Hembre and CFO Jónas Heiðar Birgisson will present the results at 9:00 Icelandic time (11:00 CEST). A Q&A session will follow  and questions can be submitted before and during the presentation to questions@arnarlax.is.One-on-one meetings can be arranged either in our office in Kópavogur (Urðarhvarf 14)  or on Teams between 10:15-15:00 Icelandic time. If interested  please send an email to hjortur@arnarlax.isThe results will be available from 05:30 Icelandic time (07:30 CEST) on the company's homepage at www.arnarlax.is  Oslo Stock Exchange's website www.newsweb.com  Nasdaq's page at https://www.nasdaq.com/  and Globe Newswire at http://newsroom globenewswire.com/newsroomFor further information  please contact:For further information  please contact:CEO Bjørn Hembre Tel: +354 620 1936Email: bjorn@arnarlax.isCFO Jónas Heiðar Birgisson Tel: +354 855 7760Email: jonas@arnarlax.isAbout Icelandic SalmonIcelandic Salmon is dual-listed on the stock exchange market  both at the Euronext Growth in Oslo and NASDAQ First North in Reykjavík. The Group is the 100% owner of Arnarlax ehf  the leading farming company in Iceland with head office in Bíldudalur. The Group is fully integrated  from egg to the fish is delivered to customers in the market  with control over all parts of the value chain.See https://www.arnarlax.is for more information about the Group.This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['first quarter 2025 results', 'Icelandic Salmon', 'Invitation', 'presentation', 'CFO Jónas Heiðar Birgisson', 'CEO Bjørn Hembre', 'A Q&A session', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'stock exchange market', 'leading farming company', '10:15-15:00 Icelandic time', 'NASDAQ First North', 'first quarter', '9:00 Icelandic time', '05:30 Icelandic time', 'Icelandic Salmon', 'Bíldudalur', 'following link', 'Kópavogur', 'Urðarhvarf', 'Globe Newswire', 'Euronext Growth', 'Reykjavík', 'value chain', 'disclosure requirements', 'The Group', 'one meetings', 'head office', 'Arnarlax ehf', 'arnarlax.is', '19 May', 'results', 'Tuesday', 'presentation', 'English', 'webcast', 'browser', 'questions', 'Teams', 'email', 'hjortur', 'homepage', 'website', 'newsroom', 'globenewswire', 'information', 'bjorn', 'Tel', 'jonas', '100% owner', 'egg', 'fish', 'customers', 'control', 'parts', 'Section', '07']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,globenewswire.com
50771,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/19/3084335/0/en/Banijay-Group-weekly-share-transactions.html,Banijay Group: weekly share transactions,Press Release  Paris – 19 May 2025  Share Transactions Disclosure  Banijay Group N.V.1 (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made...,Press ReleaseParis – 19 May 2025Share Transactions DisclosureBanijay Group N.V.1 (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 12 May to 16 May 2025 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 23 May 2024.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2025-05-12 BUY 80 8.918750 713.50 XAMS 2025-05-12 SELL 6 9.020000 54.12 XAMS 2025-05-13 BUY 82 9.244878 758.08 XAMS 2025-05-13 SELL 330 9.137061 3 015.23 XAMS 2025-05-14 BUY 345 9.227652 3 183.54 XAMS 2025-05-14 SELL 354 9.225847 3 265.95 XAMS 2025-05-15 BUY 569 9.318453 5 302.20 XAMS 2025-05-15 SELL 727 9.364787 6 808.20 XAMS 2025-05-16 SELL 1880 10.050239 18 894.45 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://group.banijay.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaH1 2025 results: 31 July 2025Investor Relationsinvestors@group.banijay.comPress Relationsbanijaygroup@brunswickgroup.comAbout Banijay GroupBanijay Group is a global entertainment leader founded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entrepreneur and entertainment industry pioneer. Our mission is to inspire passion by providing audiences with engaging and innovative entertainment experiences. The Group’s activities include Content production & distribution (through Banijay Entertainment  the largest international independent producer distributor)  Live experiences (through Banijay Live  a leading player in live experiences) and Online sports betting & gaming (through Banijay Gaming  Europe’s fastest-growing online sports betting platform). In 2024  Banijay Group recorded revenue and Adjusted EBITDA of €4.8bn and €900m respectively.Banijay Group is listed on Euronext Amsterdam (ISIN: NL0015000X07  Bloomberg: BNJ NA  Reuters: BNJ.AS).1 Previously known as FL Entertainment N.V. until 24 May 2024Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['weekly share transactions', 'Banijay Group', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'largest international independent producer distributor', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'Banijay Group N.V', 'Average Price Amount', 'global entertainment leader', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'entertainment industry pioneer', 'innovative entertainment experiences', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'Banijay Entertainment', 'following transactions', 'The Group', 'Live experiences', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'H1 2025 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', '30-year entrepreneur', 'Content production', 'Banijay Live', 'leading player', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'BNJ NA', 'BNJ.AS', 'Banijay Gaming', 'Paris', '19 May', '94500G73K46H93RF180', 'shares', '12 May', '16 May', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '23 May', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '31 July', 'banijaygroup', 'brunswickgroup', 'mission', 'passion', 'audiences', 'engaging', 'activities', 'distribution', 'Europe', 'revenue', 'EBITDA', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', '24 May', 'Attachment']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,globenewswire.com
50772,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/19/3083678/0/en/Update-of-share-buy-back-programme-ForFarmers.html,Update of share buy-back programme ForFarmers,Lochem  19 May 2025  Update of share buy-back programme ForFarmers   ForFarmers N.V. (ForFarmers) has repurchased 212 721 shares in the period from 12...,Lochem  19 May 2025Update of share buy-back programme ForFarmersForFarmers N.V. (ForFarmers) has repurchased 212 721 shares in the period from 12 May 2025 through 16 May 2025.The shares were repurchased at an average price of €4.20 per share  for a total amount of €892 460. These repurchases were made in accordance with the authorisation granted by the ForFarmers Annual General Meeting of Shareholders on 17 April 2025. The authorisation concerns the buy-back of shares for ForFarmers to fulfil its obligations arising from (depositary receipts for) share-related incentive schemes. It concerns a maximum of 400 000 shares  for a maximum amount of €2 400 000.The total number of shares that has been repurchased to date according to this programme is 362 119 shares  for a total amount of €1 510 644.More information about the share buy-back programme is available on the ForFarmers website www.forfarmersgroup.eu/en.This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information in the sense of Article 7 paragraph 1 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Download the weekly report regarding progress of share buy-back programme (including the individual transactions).Note to the editor:ForFarmers  Ilse Niehof-Duivelshof  T: +31 (0) 573 28 88 00Company profileForFarmers N.V. (‘ForFarmers’) is a company offering complete feed solutions for (organic) livestock farming. With its mission statement ‘For the Future of Farming’  ForFarmers is committed to future-proof farming and making the agricultural sector even more sustainable. Our goal is clear: to contribute to good returns and a robust long-term earnings model. How? By leading the way with knowledge  advice  support and products on farm. Close to the farmers  solution-oriented and with an open mind to the future. The result: a contribution to affordable and sustainable food  For the Future of Farming.With sales of around 9 million tonnes of animal feed  ForFarmers is a leading player in Europe. The company has production operations in the Netherlands (head office)  Germany  Poland and the UK and exports to various countries within and outside Europe. ForFarmers has around 2 700 employees. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.  PO Box 91  7240 AB Lochem  T: +31 (0)573 28 88 00info@forfarmers.eu - www.forfarmersgroup.eu/enFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis document contains forward-looking statements that include ForFarmers' regulatory capital and liquidity positions under certain specified scenarios. In addition  forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  statements containing words such as ''intends''  ''expects''  ''takes into account''  ''aims at''  ''has the plan''  ''estimates'' and words of similar purport. These statements concern or may affect future matters  such as ForFarmers' future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and performance to differ materially from the expected future results or performance implicitly or explicitly contained in forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause  or contribute to  differences in current expectations include  but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  taxation  case law and regulations  fluctuations in stock prices  legal proceedings  investigations by regulators  competitive conditions  and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statement or the actual results of ForFarmers are discussed in the latest published annual report. The forward-looking statements contained in this document relate solely to statements as of the date of this document  and ForFarmers assumes no obligation or responsibility to update the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement  whether in connection with new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is required by law to do so.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.36,0.25,0.4,True,English,"['share buy-back programme', 'Update', 'ForFarmers', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'robust long-term earnings model', 'ForFarmers Annual General Meeting', 'share-related incentive schemes', 'general economic conditions', 'complete feed solutions', 'organic) livestock farming', 'ForFarmers N.V.', ""ForFarmers' regulatory capital"", 'share buy-back programme', 'future financial results', 'annual report', 'animal feed', 'competitive conditions', 'actual results', 'average price', 'total amount', 'depositary receipts', 'press release', 'Article 7 paragraph', 'weekly report', 'individual transactions', 'Ilse Niehof-Duivelshof', 'mission statement', 'agricultural sector', 'good returns', 'open mind', 'sustainable food', '9 million tonnes', 'leading player', 'production operations', 'head office', 'various countries', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'PO Box', 'liquidity positions', 'similar purport', 'business plans', 'current strategies', 'current expectations', 'stock prices', 'legal proceedings', 'forward-looking statement', 'future results', 'More information', 'inside information', 'future-proof farming', 'new information', 'future matters', 'future events', 'ForFarmers website', 'maximum amount', 'total number', '7240 AB Lochem', 'case law', 'other factors', 'Company profile', 'statements', '19 May', 'Update', '212,721 shares', 'period', '12 May', '16 May', 'repurchases', 'accordance', 'authorisation', 'Shareholders', '17 April', 'obligations', '400,000 shares', '362,119 shares', 'forfarmersgroup', 'sense', 'progress', 'Note', 'editor', 'goal', 'way', 'knowledge', 'advice', 'support', 'products', 'contribution', 'affordable', 'sales', 'Europe', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'UK', 'exports', '2,700 employees', 'document', 'specified', 'scenarios', 'addition', 'limitation', 'words', 'account', 'estimates', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'differences', 'developments', 'legislation', 'technology', 'taxation', 'regulations', 'fluctuations', 'investigations', 'regulators', 'latest', 'responsibility', 'announcement', 'connection']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,globenewswire.com
50773,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/05/19/barclays-cuts-public-storage-nysepsa-price-target-to-351-00/,Barclays Cuts Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Price Target to $351.00,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) had its target price decreased by Barclays from $354.00 to $351.00 in a report released on Friday morning Benzinga reports. Barclays currently has an overweight rating on the real estate investment trust’s stock. Severa…,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) had its target price decreased by Barclays from $354.00 to $351.00 in a report released on Friday morning Benzinga reports. Barclays currently has an overweight rating on the real estate investment trust’s stock.Several other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. Mizuho began coverage on Public Storage in a report on Wednesday  April 9th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $287.00 target price on the stock. Truist Financial raised Public Storage from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $310.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Thursday  April 10th. Wells Fargo & Company cut their target price on shares of Public Storage from $365.00 to $330.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a report on Friday  February 21st. Evercore ISI upped their price target on shares of Public Storage from $297.00 to $309.00 and gave the company an “in-line” rating in a research note on Friday  May 2nd. Finally  Bank of America lifted their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $368.00 to $380.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday  May 13th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating  seven have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. According to data from MarketBeat  the company currently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $337.42.Get Public Storage alerts:Get Our Latest Stock Analysis on PSAPublic Storage Price PerformanceNYSE:PSA opened at $309.07 on Friday. The business’s 50-day simple moving average is $293.46 and its two-hundred day simple moving average is $305.41. Public Storage has a 52 week low of $256.60 and a 52 week high of $369.99. The stock has a market cap of $54.22 billion  a PE ratio of 32.09  a P/E/G ratio of 4.91 and a beta of 0.91. The company has a quick ratio of 0.97  a current ratio of 0.97 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.77.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday  April 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $4.12 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter  beating the consensus estimate of $4.06 by $0.06. The firm had revenue of $1.18 billion for the quarter  compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.18 billion. Public Storage had a net margin of 40.54% and a return on equity of 34.07%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up .1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year  the business posted $4.03 earnings per share. As a group  analysts forecast that Public Storage will post 16.7 EPS for the current fiscal year.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementThe firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Friday  June 27th. Stockholders of record on Thursday  June 12th will be issued a $3.00 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday  June 12th. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.88%. Public Storage’s payout ratio is 119.17%.Hedge Funds Weigh In On Public StorageA number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of PSA. Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company Ltd boosted its stake in shares of Public Storage by 5.0% during the fourth quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company Ltd now owns 53 729 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $16 089 000 after purchasing an additional 2 566 shares during the period. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank boosted its position in Public Storage by 30.2% in the 4th quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 136 676 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $40 926 000 after buying an additional 31 662 shares during the period. Meridian Wealth Management LLC bought a new position in Public Storage in the 4th quarter worth about $395 000. Aew Capital Management L P increased its position in shares of Public Storage by 108.6% during the fourth quarter. Aew Capital Management L P now owns 439 400 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $131 574 000 after acquiring an additional 228 740 shares during the period. Finally  Jones Financial Companies Lllp increased its position in shares of Public Storage by 53.5% during the fourth quarter. Jones Financial Companies Lllp now owns 19 234 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $5 759 000 after acquiring an additional 6 706 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Public Storage Company Profile(Get Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Recommended StoriesReceive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Public Storage', 'Price Target', 'Barclays', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Sumitomo Mitsui DS Asset Management Company Ltd', 'Aew Capital Management L P', '218 million net rentable square feet', 'two-hundred day simple moving average', 'Several other equities research analysts', 'Meridian Wealth Management LLC', '50-day simple moving average', 'real estate investment trust', 'Jones Financial Companies Lllp', 'Five equities research analysts', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', 'Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank', 'Public Storage Price Performance', 'Public Storage Company Profile', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement', 'other institutional investors', 'current fiscal year', 'average price target', '35% common equity interest', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Get Free Report', 'strong buy rating', 'Latest Stock Analysis', 'quarterly earnings data', 'S&P 500', 'average rating', 'net margin', 'Truist Financial', 'research note', 'analysts’ expectations', 'quarterly dividend', 'target price', 'current ratio', 'large investors', '$310.00 price objective', 'buy” rating', 'Moderate Buy', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'dividend yield', 'overweight rating', 'neutral” rating', 'hold” rating', 'Wells Fargo', 'overweight” rating', 'Evercore ISI', 'hold rating', 'market cap', 'PE ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'quick ratio', 'equity ratio', 'consensus estimate', 'ex-dividend date', 'payout ratio', 'Hedge Funds', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'same quarter', 'fourth quarter', '4th quarter', 'June 27th', 'June 12th', 'United States', 'April 10th', 'additional 2,566 shares', 'additional 31,662 shares', 'additional 228,740 shares', 'additional 6,706 shares', 'new position', 'Friday morning', '$3.00 dividend', '4.12 earnings', '$4.03 earnings', '40 states', '53,729 shares', '136,676 shares', '439,400 shares', '19,234 shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Barclays', 'Benzinga', 'reports', 'Mizuho', 'coverage', 'Wednesday', 'Thursday', 'February', 'line', 'May', 'America', 'Tuesday', 'MarketBeat', 'business', '52 week', 'beta', 'debt', 'last', 'EPS', 'firm', 'revenue', 'return', 'group', 'Stockholders', 'record', 'number', 'stake', 'period', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', 'interests']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,etfdailynews.com
50774,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/19/3084337/0/en/Disclosure-of-trading-in-own-shares.html,Disclosure of trading in own shares,Disclosure of trading in own shares from 05/12/2025 to 05/16/2025  Paris – May 19  2025  Share repurchase program approved by the Shareholders’ Meeting...,Disclosure of trading in own sharesfrom 05/12/2025 to 05/16/2025Paris – May 19  2025Share repurchase program approved by the Shareholders’ Meeting of May 29  2024Transaction Details: Publicis Groupe SAName of the Issuer Identity Code of the Issuer ISIN Intermediary Name Identify Code of the Intermediary Currency Publicis Groupe SA 2138004KW8BV57III342 FR0000130577 BOFA SECURITIES EUROPE SA 549300FH0WJAPEHTIQ77 EURTotal number of shares purchased according to trading venues:Name of the Issuer Identity code of the financial instrument Day of the transaction Total number of shares purchased Daily weighted average purchase price of the shares (€) Gross Consideration Venue PUBLICIS GROUPE FR0000130577 12/05/2025 - - - XPAR PUBLICIS GROUPE FR0000130577 12/05/2025 - - - CEUX PUBLICIS GROUPE FR0000130577 12/05/2025 - - - AQEU PUBLICIS GROUPE FR0000130577 12/05/2025 - - - TQEX PUBLICIS GROUPE FR0000130577 13/05/2025 - - - XPAR PUBLICIS GROUPE FR0000130577 13/05/2025 - - - CEUX PUBLICIS GROUPE FR0000130577 13/05/2025 - - - AQEU PUBLICIS GROUPE FR0000130577 13/05/2025 - - - TQEX PUBLICIS GROUPE FR0000130577 14/05/2025 - - - XPAR PUBLICIS GROUPE FR0000130577 14/05/2025 - - - CEUX PUBLICIS GROUPE FR0000130577 14/05/2025 - - - AQEU PUBLICIS GROUPE FR0000130577 14/05/2025 - - - TQEX PUBLICIS GROUPE FR0000130577 15/05/2025 8 068 95.2194 768 230.12 XPAR PUBLICIS GROUPE FR0000130577 15/05/2025 - - - CEUX PUBLICIS GROUPE FR0000130577 15/05/2025 - - - AQEU PUBLICIS GROUPE FR0000130577 15/05/2025 - - - TQEX PUBLICIS GROUPE FR0000130577 16/05/2025 15 977 95.0842 1 519 160.26 XPAR PUBLICIS GROUPE FR0000130577 16/05/2025 - - - CEUX PUBLICIS GROUPE FR0000130577 16/05/2025 - - - AQEU PUBLICIS GROUPE FR0000130577 16/05/2025 - - - TQEX * Rounded to four decimal places Sum: 24 045 95.1296 2 287 391.23About Publicis Groupe - The Power of OnePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 108 000 professionals.www.publicisgroupe.com | X: @PublicisGroupe | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | Viva la Difference!Contacts Publicis GroupeAmy Hadfield Director of Global Communications + 33 1 44 43 70 75 amy.hadfield@publicisgroupe.com Jean-Michel Bonamy Investor Relations + 33 1 44 43 74 88 jean-michel.bonamy@publicisgroupe.com Carla Foucaud Investor Relations + 44 20 7830 3710 carla.foucaud@publicisgroupe.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,positive,0.52,0.46,0.02,True,English,"['Disclosure', 'trading', 'shares', 'Intermediary Currency Publicis Groupe SA 2138004KW8BV57III342', 'Daily weighted average purchase price', 'BOFA SECURITIES EUROPE SA 549300FH0WJAPEHTIQ77', 'four decimal places Sum', 'Jean-Michel Bonamy Investor Relations', 'Issuer ISIN Intermediary Name', 'Carla Foucaud Investor Relations', 'four main activities', 'Share repurchase program', 'Issuer Identity Code', 'financial instrument Day', 'Gross Consideration Venue', 'Amy Hadfield Director', 'XPAR PUBLICIS GROUPE', 'CEUX PUBLICIS GROUPE', 'AQEU PUBLICIS GROUPE', 'Contacts Publicis Groupe', 'TQEX PUBLICIS GROUPE', 'digital business transformation', 'michel.bonamy', 'The Groupe', 'Identify Code', 'marketing transformation', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Total number', 'The Power', 'global leader', 'value chain', 'privileged partner', 'fluid organization', 'Global Communications', 'clients’ transformation', 'Transaction Details', 'trading venues', 'Euronext Paris', 'ten expertise', 'Disclosure', 'shares', '05/12', 'May', 'CAC', 'step', 'consulting', 'execution', 'personalization', 'scale', 'Data', 'Technology', 'unified', 'access', '100 countries', '108,000 professionals', 'publicisgroupe', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Difference', 'Attachment']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,globenewswire.com
50775,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/19/3083676/0/en/Nextensa-Results-on-Q1-2025.html,Nextensa: Results on Q1 2025,REGULATED INFORMATIONBrussels  19 May 2025  7:30 AM  RESULTS ON Q1 2025  HIGHLIGHTS   STRONG START TO 2025Nextensa has started 2025 with momentum ......,REGULATED INFORMATIONBrussels  19 May 2025  7:30 AMRESULTS ON Q1 2025HIGHLIGHTSSTRONG START TO 2025Nextensa has started 2025 with momentum  completing three strategic transactions that decisively implement its sustainable investment strategy and position the company for a new phase of growth  greater value creation potential  and strengthened market position.• The sale of the Knauf Shopping Centers  on 13 February 2025  marked an important step in the reorientation of the portfolio towards assets with greater growth potential. This transaction reinforces Nextensa’s financial strength and creates room for targeted investments. The two Knauf Shopping Centers (Knauf Pommerloch & Knauf Schmiede) were sold to the Wereldhave group for a total amount of € 165.75 M.• On 2 April  the outcome of Proximus’ RfP process for a new Brussels campus was officially announced. Proximus’ decision to establish its headquarters at Tour & Taxis confirms the attractiveness and strategic importance of this site  as a sustainable and innovative urban development. The arrival of Proximus ensures long-term rental income with a full pre-letting of the office section of Lake Side  the final phase of the Tour & Taxis urban development.• With the acquisition of the Proximus Towers in Brussels’ North district  Nextensa is strengthening its position in the segment of high-quality office buildings and landmark assets. These iconic towers  known for their architectural and commercial value  fit perfectly with Nextensa’s long-term vision of investing in premium locations with strong sustainable value. The transaction was signed on 2 April for an amount of € 62.5 M.INVESTMENTS PROPERTIES• Like-for-like rental income increased by 9% in the first quarter of 2025  supported by the continued strong performance of the Tour & Taxis site and the contribution of major renovations such as Moonar (Luxembourg) and Vösendorf 16 (Austria). However  nominal rental income for Q1 2025 is lower (-10.2%) compared to the same period in 2024 due to asset disposals carried out in 2024 and early 2025.• Property operating costs decreased by 3% compared to the same period last year.DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS• Cloche d’Or:On 18 March  the foundation stone of the office building “The Stairs” was laid. The delivery of the building and the completion of the sale to State Street are expected by the end of Q1 2026.Despite a slowdown in residential sales in Luxembourg  only 17 apartments remain unsold at the Cloche d’Or site.• Tour & Taxis:With an average sales rate of 2 apartments per week during the first quarter of 2025  322 out of 346 apartments in Park Lane Phase II had been sold by the end of the quarter.NET RESULTThe net result (Group share) amounts to € 7.8 M  or € 0.77 per dividend-entitled share  compared to € 7.0 M or € 0.70 per share at the end of the first quarter of 2024.ACTIVE FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT• The average cost of financing decreased from 2.86% to 2.79%  supported by the interest rate hedging strategy and the reduction in financial debt.• The sale of the Knauf shopping centers brought the net LTV ratio below 40%  thereby strengthening the balance sheet to support future development projects.About NextensaNextensa is a mixed-use real estate investor and developer.The company’s investment portfolio is spread across the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg (43%)  Belgium (42%) and Austria (15%); its total value of approximately € 1.1 billion as at 31/03/2025.As a developer  Nextensa is primarily active in shaping large urban developments. At Tour & Taxis (development of over 350 000 sqm) in Brussels  Nextensa is building a mixed real estate portfolio consisting of a revaluation of iconic buildings and new constructions. In Luxembourg (Cloche d’Or)  it is working in partnership on a major urban extension of more than 400 000 sqm consisting of offices  retail and residential buildings.The company is listed on Euronext Brussels and has a market capitalisation of € 414M (value 31/03/2025).For more informationTim Rens | Chief Financial OfficerNextensa NV | 0436.323.915 (RLE Brussels  Dutch-speaking division)Gare Maritime  Picardstraat 11  B505  1000 Brussels+32 2 882 10 08 | investor.relations@nextensa.euwww.nextensa.euAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.65,0.12,0.23,True,English,"['Nextensa', 'Results', 'Q1 2025', 'interest rate hedging strategy', 'Park Lane Phase II', 'mixed-use real estate investor', 'mixed real estate portfolio', 'two Knauf Shopping Centers', 'greater value creation potential', 'Cloche d’Or site', 'greater growth potential', 'Property operating costs', 'large urban developments', 'three strategic transactions', 'average sales rate', 'ACTIVE FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT', 'major urban extension', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'innovative urban development', 'sustainable investment strategy', 'net LTV ratio', 'nominal rental income', 'Proximus’ RfP process', 'future development projects', 'Brussels’ North district', 'long-term rental income', 'high-quality office buildings', 'new Brussels campus', 'strong sustainable value', 'Taxis urban development', 'new phase', 'investment portfolio', 'Knauf Pommerloch', 'Knauf Schmiede', 'final phase', 'financial strength', 'strategic importance', 'long-term vision', 'major renovations', 'residential sales', 'average cost', 'financial debt', 'commercial value', 'total value', 'STRONG START', 'office section', 'strong performance', 'NET RESULT', 'iconic buildings', 'new constructions', 'residential buildings', 'important step', 'targeted investments', 'Wereldhave group', 'Proximus’ decision', 'full pre-letting', 'Lake Side', 'Proximus Towers', 'iconic towers', 'premium locations', 'INVESTMENTS PROPERTIES', 'Vösendorf', 'same period', 'asset disposals', 'foundation stone', 'The Stairs', 'State Street', 'balance sheet', 'Grand Duchy', 'market capitalisation', 'Tim Rens', 'Dutch-speaking division', 'Gare Maritime', 'Taxis site', 'Euronext Brussels', 'RLE Brussels', 'first quarter', 'Group share', 'dividend-entitled share', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'market position', 'total amount', 'landmark assets', 'Nextensa NV', '1000 Brussels', '19 May', 'RESULTS', 'Q1', 'HIGHLIGHTS', 'momentum', 'company', '13 February', 'reorientation', 'room', '2 April', 'outcome', 'headquarters', 'Tour', 'attractiveness', 'arrival', 'acquisition', 'segment', 'architectural', 'continued', 'contribution', 'Moonar', 'Luxembourg', 'Austria', '18 March', 'delivery', 'completion', 'slowdown', '17 apartments', '2 apartments', 'week', '346 apartments', 'financing', 'reduction', 'developer', 'Belgium', '350,000 sqm', 'revaluation', 'partnership', '400,000 sqm', 'offices', 'retail', 'Picardstraat', 'B50', 'relations', 'Attachment', '7:30', '€', '2.5', '322']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,globenewswire.com
50776,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/19/3083933/0/en/STMicroelectronics-Announces-Status-of-Common-Share-Repurchase-Program.html,STMicroelectronics Announces Status of Common Share Repurchase Program,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase Program  Disclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from May 12  2025 to May 16  2025...,STMicroelectronics Announces Status ofCommon Share Repurchase ProgramDisclosure of Transactions in Own Shares – Period from May 12  2025 to May 16  2025AMSTERDAM – May 19  2025 -- STMicroelectronics N.V. (the “Company” or “STMicroelectronics”)  a global semiconductor leader serving customers across the spectrum of electronics applications  announces full details of its common share repurchase program (the “Program”) disclosed via a press release dated June 21  2024. The Program was approved by a shareholder resolution dated May 22  2024 and by the supervisory board.STMicroelectronics N.V. (registered with the trade register under number 33194537) (LEI: 213800Z8NOHIKRI42W10) announces the repurchase (by a broker acting for the Company) on the regulated market of Euronext Paris  in the period between May 12  2025 to May 16  2025 (the “Period”)  of 319 000 ordinary shares (equal to 0.04% of its issued share capital) at the weighted average purchase price per share of EUR 22.9890 and for an overall price of EUR 7 333 503.40.The purpose of these transactions under article 5(2) of Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) was to meet obligations arising from share option programmes  or other allocations of shares  to employees or to members of the administrative  management or supervisory bodies of the issuer or of an associate company.The shares may be held in treasury prior to being used for such purpose and  to the extent that they are not ultimately needed for such purpose  they may be used for any other lawful purpose under article 5(2) of the Market Abuse Regulation.Below is a summary of the repurchase transactions made in the course of the Period in relation to the ordinary shares of STMicroelectronics (ISIN: NL0000226223)  in detailed form.Transactions in PeriodDates of transaction Number of shares purchased Weighted average purchase price per share (EUR) Total amount paid (EUR) Market on which the shares were bought (MIC code) 12-May-25 64 000 22.5816 1 445 222.40 XPAR 13-May-25 64 000 22.9145 1 466 528.00 XPAR 14-May-25 63 000 23.1494 1 458 412.20 XPAR 15-May-25 64 000 23.1669 1 482 681.60 XPAR 16-May-25 64 000 23.1353 1 480 659.20 XPAR Total for Period 319 000 22.9890 7 333 503.40Following the share buybacks detailed above  the Company holds in total 19 348 813 treasury shares  which represents approximately 2.1% of the Company’s issued share capital.In accordance with Article 5(1)(b) of the Market Abuse Regulation and Article 2(3) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1052  a full breakdown of the individual trades in the Program are disclosed on the ST website (https://investors.st.com/stock-and-bond-information/share-buyback).About STMicroelectronicsAt ST  we are 50 000 creators and makers of semiconductor technologies mastering the semiconductor supply chain with state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. An integrated device manufacturer  we work with more than 200 000 customers and thousands of partners to design and build products  solutions  and ecosystems that address their challenges and opportunities  and the need to support a more sustainable world. Our technologies enable smarter mobility  more efficient power and energy management  and the wide-scale deployment of cloud-connected autonomous things. We are on track to be carbon neutral in all direct and indirect emissions (scopes 1 and 2)  product transportation  business travel  and employee commuting emissions (our scope 3 focus)  and to achieve our 100% renewable electricity sourcing goal by the end of 2027. Further information can be found at www.st.com.For further information  please contact:INVESTOR RELATIONS:Jérôme RamelEVP Corporate Development & Integrated External CommunicationTel: +41.22.929.59.20jerome.ramel@st.comMEDIA RELATIONS:Alexis BretonCorporate External CommunicationsTel: +33.6.59.16.79.08alexis.breton@st.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.4,0.59,True,English,"['Common Share Repurchase Program', 'STMicroelectronics', 'Status', '100% renewable electricity sourcing goal', 'Jérôme Ramel', 'Common Share Repurchase Program', 'art manufacturing facilities', 'integrated device manufacturer', 'cloud-connected autonomous things', 'EVP Corporate Development', 'Integrated External Communication', 'Corporate External Communications', 'global semiconductor leader', 'average purchase price', 'semiconductor supply chain', 'Commission Delegated Regulation', 'employee commuting emissions', 'share option programmes', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'STMicroelectronics N.V.', 'other lawful purpose', 'overall price', 'other allocations', 'indirect emissions', 'regulated market', 'share capital', 'share buybacks', 'semiconductor technologies', 'electronics applications', 'full details', 'press release', 'shareholder resolution', 'supervisory board', 'trade register', 'Euronext Paris', 'administrative, management', 'supervisory bodies', 'repurchase transactions', 'detailed form', 'MIC code', 'full breakdown', 'individual trades', 'sustainable world', 'smarter mobility', 'efficient power', 'energy management', 'wide-scale deployment', 'product transportation', 'business travel', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'ST website', 'investors.st', 'Own Shares', '319,000 ordinary shares', 'Total amount', 'Further information', 'associate company', 'Period Dates', '19,348,813 treasury shares', 'Alexis Breton', 'Status', 'Disclosure', 'May', 'AMSTERDAM', 'customers', 'spectrum', 'number', 'LEI', '213800Z8NOHIKRI42W', 'broker', 'article', 'obligations', 'employees', 'members', 'issuer', 'extent', 'summary', 'course', 'ISIN', 'XPAR', 'accordance', 'bond', '50,000 creators', 'makers', 'state', 'thousands', 'partners', 'products', 'solutions', 'ecosystems', 'challenges', 'opportunities', 'need', 'track', 'scopes', 'focus', 'end', 'jerome', 'Attachment']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,globenewswire.com
50777,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/19/3084267/0/en/Aramis-Group-Governance-changes-at-Aramis-Group.html,Aramis Group - Governance changes at Aramis Group,PRESS RELEASE  Arcueil  May 19  2025    Governance changes at Aramis Group  Following the Board of Directors meeting held on May 19  2025  Aramis Group......,PRESS RELEASEArcueil  May 19  2025Governance changes at Aramis GroupFollowing the Board of Directors meeting held on May 19  2025  Aramis Group announces changes to its governance.The Board has decided to co-opt Anne Abboud as a new Director representing Stellantis  following the resignation of Linda Jackson on the same day  due to her retirement  Anne Abboud will serve until the end of Linda Jackson’s term  which will conclude at the Annual General Meeting that will approve the financial statements for the fiscal year ending September 30  2028.Her co-optation will be submitted for ratification at the next Ordinary General Meeting of Aramis Group.In accordance with the commitments made at the time of the Company’s initial public offering  Guillaume Paoli and Nicolas Chartier will proceed with a new rotation of their respective roles as Chief Executive Officer and Deputy Chief Executive Officer  effective June 8  2025.Anne Abboud co-opted as new Director representing StellantisAnne Abboud has been co-opted on the Board of Directors of Aramis Group as a Director representing Stellantis. Her cooptation brings valuable insights rooted in her on-the-ground experience and leadership in the automotive sector  helping the Group navigate key technological  environmental  and human transitions.Anne Abboud is a seasoned executive with over 35 years of experience in production  logistics  sales  marketing  and distribution network management. She currently serves as Head of Stellantis Pro One  the group’s dedicated light commercial vehicles division  where she leads its sustainable growth strategy by placing innovation and customer satisfaction at the core of her mission.Her deep expertise in commercial performance  network management  and the automotive industry represents an asset for Aramis Group’s ongoing growth and transformation. Anne Abboud has been also co-opted as a member of the Appointments and Remuneration Committee as of May 19  2025.Leadership rotation at Aramis GroupIn line with the governance model established at the time of the Company’s IPO — which provides for a rotating Chairmanship between the two co-founders every two years — Nicolas Chartier will  effective June 8  2025  step down as Deputy CEO to assume the roles of Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO. Accordingly  Guillaume Paoli will step down as Chairman and CEO and take on the role of Deputy CEO.Composition of the Board of Directors and its CommitteesThe Board of Directors continues to comprise nine members: the two co-founders  four directors representing Stellantis (Anne Abboud  Sophie Le Roi  Philippe de Rovira and James Weston)  and three independent directors (Sonia Barrière  Patrick Bataillard and Delphine Mousseau). The Board maintains 33% independence and 44% gender diversity  meeting the AFEP-MEDEF Code recommendations. The diverse expertise of its members continues to ensure a high level of strategic and operational excellence  supporting the company’s sustainable and long-term development.The composition of the Audit Committee and the CSR Committee remains unchanged. Anne Abboud joins the Appointments and Remuneration Committee  in line with the best governance practices.***About Aramis Group – www.aramis.groupAramis Group is the European leader for B2C online used car sales and operates in six countries. A fast-growing group  an e-commerce expert and a vehicle refurbishing pioneer  Aramis Group takes action each day for more sustainable mobility with an offering that is part of the circular economy. Founded in 2001  it has been revolutionizing its market for over 20 years  focused on ensuring the satisfaction of its customers and capitalizing on digital technology and employee engagement to create value for all its stakeholders. With annual revenues of more than €2 billion  Aramis Group sells more than 110 000 vehicles B2C and welcomes close to seventy million visitors across all its digital platforms each year. The Group employs more than 2 400 people and has eight industrial-scale refurbishing centers throughout Europe. Aramis Group is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment B (Ticker: ARAMI – ISIN: FR0014003U94).Investors contact Press contactsinvestor@aramis.group BrunswickHugues BoëtonTristan Roquet Montegonaramisgroup@brunswickgroup.com+33 (0)6 79 99 27 15Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Aramis Group', 'Governance changes', 'dedicated light commercial vehicles division', 'B2C online used car sales', 'Euronext Paris Compartment B', 'Tristan Roquet Montegon aramisgroup', 'eight industrial-scale refurbishing centers', 'next Ordinary General Meeting', 'Deputy Chief Executive Officer', 'vehicle refurbishing pioneer', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Sophie Le Roi', 'Philippe de Rovira', 'Sonia Barrière', 'AFEP-MEDEF Code recommendations', 'seventy million visitors', 'Hugues Boëton', 'initial public offering', 'distribution network management', 'best governance practices', 'three independent directors', 'sustainable growth strategy', 'Stellantis Pro One', '110,000 vehicles B2C', 'commercial performance', 'seasoned executive', 'Directors meeting', 'ongoing growth', 'annual revenues', 'Deputy CEO', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Anne Abboud', 'Linda Jackson', 'same day', 'financial statements', 'fiscal year', 'Guillaume Paoli', 'Nicolas Chartier', 'new rotation', 'valuable insights', 'automotive sector', 'human transitions', 'deep expertise', 'automotive industry', 'Remuneration Committee', 'governance model', 'rotating Chairmanship', 'James Weston', 'Patrick Bataillard', 'Delphine Mousseau', '44% gender diversity', 'diverse expertise', 'high level', 'operational excellence', 'long-term development', 'Audit Committee', 'CSR Committee', 'European leader', 'six countries', 'e-commerce expert', 'sustainable mobility', 'circular economy', 'digital technology', 'employee engagement', 'close to', 'digital platforms', 'Press contacts', 'growing group', 'The Group', 'group Brunswick', 'Aramis Group', 'new Director', 'four directors', 'Governance changes', 'respective roles', 'ground experience', 'customer satisfaction', 'Leadership rotation', 'nine members', 'Arcueil', 'May', 'Board', 'resignation', 'retirement', 'optation', 'ratification', 'accordance', 'commitments', 'time', 'Company', '35 years', 'production', 'logistics', 'marketing', 'Head', 'innovation', 'core', 'mission', 'asset', 'transformation', 'Appointments', 'IPO', 'founders', 'Composition', 'Committees', '33% independence', 'strategic', '20 years', 'customers', 'value', 'stakeholders', '2,400 people', 'Ticker', 'ISIN', 'Investors', 'brunswickgroup', 'Attachment', '6']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,globenewswire.com
50778,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/19/3084233/0/en/VGP-Announces-76-Million-Tap-Issuance-Under-Green-Bond-Framework-with-EBRD.html,VGP Announces €76 Million Tap Issuance Under Green Bond Framework with EBRD,PRESS RELEASE Regulated Information   NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO OR TO ANY PERSON LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN THE UNITED STATES...,PRESS RELEASERegulated InformationNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION IN OR INTO OR TO ANY PERSON LOCATED OR RESIDENT IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS (INCLUDING PUERTO RICO  THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS  GUAM  AMERICAN SAMOA  WAKE ISLAND AND THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS)  ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA (THE “UNITED STATES”) OR TO ANY U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S OF THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933  AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”)) OR IN OR INTO ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE IT IS UNLAWFUL TO RELEASE  PUBLISH OR DISTRIBUTE THIS PRESS RELEASE.19 May 2025  6:00 pm  Antwerp  Belgium: VGP NV (‘VGP’ or ‘the Group’) today announces a tap issuance of €76 million in additional senior unsecured Green Bonds subscribed by the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD). This issuance forms part of the Group’s existing Green Bond program and follows the execution of a framework agreement with the EBRD.The additional green bonds are assimilated and form a single series with the existing € 500 million 4.250 per cent. green bonds due 29 January 2031 as described in the information memorandum issued by VGP NV on 31 March 2025  bringing the total outstanding amount to €576 million. The bonds are listed on the Euro MTF Market operated by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange under the same ISIN code (i.e. BE6362152199). The settlement of the tap issuance took place today.The net proceeds of the issuance will be used exclusively to finance or refinance eligible Green Projects as defined in VGP’s Sustainable Finance Framework (March 2025)  aligned with the ICMA Green Bond Principles. These projects include sustainable industrial park developments across Serbia  Hungary  Slovakia  Romania  Croatia  and Czechia  all meeting EU Taxonomy criteria for substantial contribution to climate change mitigation.This collaboration with EBRD strengthens our long-term commitment to sustainable development and green financing. The tap issuance supports the Group’s pipeline of energy-efficient semi-industrial and logistics facilities  enabling us to continue delivering low-carbon solutions for our customers across Europe.CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS AND MEDIA ENQUIRIESInvestor Relations Tel: +32 (0)3 289 1433investor.relations@vgpparks.euABOUT EBRDThe European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) is a multilateral development bank that promotes private sector development and sustainable growth through investment and policy reform.ABOUT VGPVGP is a pan-European owner  manager and developer of high-quality logistics and semi-industrial properties as well as a provider of renewable energy solutions. VGP has a fully integrated business model with extensive expertise and many years of experience along the entire value chain. VGP was founded in 1998 as a family-owned Belgian property developer in the Czech Republic and today operates with around 380 full-time employees in 18 European countries directly and through several 50:50 joint ventures. In December 2024  the gross asset value of VGP  including the 100% joint ventures  amounted to € 7.8 billion and the company had a net asset value (EPRA NTA) of € 2.4 billion. VGP is listed on Euronext Brussels (ISIN: BE0003878957).For more information  please visit: http://www.vgpparks.eu/enForward-looking statements: This press release may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of management regarding future events  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from any future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. VGP is providing the information in this press release as of this date and does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release considering new information  future events or otherwise. The information in this announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to buy securities in VGP or an invitation or inducement to engage in any other investment activities. VGP disclaims any liability for statements made or published by third parties and does not undertake any obligation to correct inaccurate data  information  conclusions or opinions published by third parties in relation to this or any other press release issued by VGP.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.26,0.48,True,English,"['€76 Million Tap Issuance', 'Green Bond Framework', 'VGP', 'EBRD', 'additional senior unsecured Green Bonds', 'ICMA Green Bond Principles', 'sustainable industrial park developments', 'family-owned Belgian property developer', 'U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS', 'existing Green Bond program', 'PRESS RELEASE Regulated Information', 'UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT', 'additional green bonds', 'NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS', 'total outstanding amount', 'Euro MTF Market', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'EU Taxonomy criteria', 'climate change mitigation', 'integrated business model', 'entire value chain', 'gross asset value', 'U.S. PERSON', 'renewable energy solutions', 'net asset value', 'eligible Green Projects', 'Sustainable Finance Framework', 'same ISIN code', 'private sector development', 'several 50:50 joint ventures', 'multilateral development bank', 'other investment activities', 'other press release', 'The European Bank', 'green financing', 'REGULATION S', '100% joint ventures', 'sustainable development', 'sustainable growth', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'framework agreement', 'net proceeds', 'low-carbon solutions', 'other factors', '18 European countries', 'PUERTO RICO', 'AMERICAN SAMOA', 'WAKE ISLAND', 'single series', 'substantial contribution', 'long-term commitment', 'energy-efficient semi-industrial', 'logistics facilities', 'CONTACT DETAILS', 'MEDIA ENQUIRIES', 'policy reform', 'pan-European owner', 'high-quality logistics', 'semi-industrial properties', 'extensive expertise', 'many years', 'Czech Republic', '380 full-time employees', 'EPRA NTA', 'Euronext Brussels', 'current views', 'future events', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'future results', 'third parties', 'inaccurate data', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Such statements', 'information memorandum', 'new information', 'tap issuance', 'VGP NV', 'Investor Relations', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'INTO', 'TERRITORIES', 'POSSESSIONS', 'GUAM', 'DISTRICT', 'COLUMBIA', '19 May', 'Antwerp', 'Belgium', 'Group', 'Reconstruction', 'EBRD', 'execution', 'cent', '31 March', 'settlement', 'place', 'Serbia', 'Hungary', 'Slovakia', 'Romania', 'Croatia', 'Czechia', 'collaboration', 'pipeline', 'customers', 'INVESTORS', 'vgpparks', 'manager', 'provider', 'experience', 'December', 'company', 'management', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'achievements', 'date', 'obligation', 'announcement', 'offer', 'invitation', 'inducement', 'liability', 'conclusions', 'opinions', 'Attachment', '6:00', '250']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,globenewswire.com
50779,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/irish/its-all-very-well-emoting-about-the-palestinians-but-where-is-the-legislation-abolishing-the-cap-at-the-airport-oleary-blast-ministers/a1425123646.html,‘It’s all very well emoting about the Palestinians  but where is the legislation abolishing the cap at the airport?’ – Michael O’Leary blasts ministers,Ryanair’s Michael O’Leary has warned that temporary measures to relieve the operation of the Dublin Airport Passenger cap are only in place for the coming summer and winter seasons  and says Government has done nothing to ensure long term access despite promi…,"Ryanair passenger numbers exceed 200 million for the first time  but profits dropRyanair’s Michael O’Leary has warned that temporary measures to relieve the operation of the Dublin Airport passenger cap are only in place for the coming summer and winter seasons  and he says Government has done nothing to ensure long-term access despite promises.""The Government has been in place for five months with a 20-seat majority and nothing has been done  despite election commitments  to sort this out. It’s all very well emoting about the Palestinians  but where is the legislation abolishing the cap at the airport?” he said.That cap  a planning condition imposed by An Bord Pleanála  restricts the number of passengers using the airport to 32 million a year.Mr O’Leary said the impact of the cap  which was in force when schedules for the winter just gone were drawn up  is likely to have played a role in a decline in overseas visitor numbers to Ireland that has been reported by the Central Statistics Office (CSO) for the early months of 2025.The courts have fixed the short-term impact of the cap after legal actions taken by airlines but that is only short term  Mr O’Leary said.The Programme for Government included a commitment to removing the passenger cap and Mr O’Leary said he had met Transport Minister Darragh O’Brien  “who talks the talk” on the issue but has yet to act.There are likely to be 36 million passengers through the airport this year  but as things stand that will have to be cut back in 2026 unless action is taken to change or scrap the cap.US airlines in particular will need certainty well in advance on whether they can land passengers in Dublin Airport  he said.Mr O’Leary said there are signs that Canadian passengers in particular are looking to Europe this year and Europeans are avoiding the US amid a perception that the new Trump administration is unwelcoming for international travellersHe was commenting after Ryanair reported a full-year profit after tax of €1.61bn for the 12 months to the end of March 2025  down from €1.92bn in the previous year.The Irish-headquartered airline flew more than 200 million passengers in its latest 2025 financial year  a record not just for Ryanair but for any European carrier. However  fares were 7pc than in 2024.Revenue of €13.95bn was up 4pc but operating costs rose 9pc to €12.39bn.Ryanair said its cost per passenger was flat and that its cost gap over competitor EU airlines widened  as fuel hedge savings offset higher staff and other costs linked in part to repeated Boeing delivery delays.Mr O’Leary said lower fares in the year had stimulated demand.“The absence of a full Easter in Q1  consumer spending pressure and a big drop off in online travel agent bookings prior to summer ’24 necessitated repeated price stimulation last year ” he said.To date  Ryanair said summer 2025 demand is strong  with peak fares trending modestly ahead of last year.""With limited visibility  we currently expect Q2 pricing to recover some of the 7pc decline we experienced in prior year Q2. The final H1 (first half) outcome is  however  heavily dependent on close-in bookings and peak summer yields. As is normal at this time of year  we have zero H2 visibility ” Ryanair said.“While we cautiously expect to recover most  but not all of last year’s 7pc fare decline  which should lead to reasonable net profit growth in FY26  it is far too early to provide any meaningful guidance.”Delays in delivery of new B737-8200 “gamechangers” from Boeing are now a long-running issue.Ryanair now has 181 of the new  more efficient planes in its 618 aircraft fleet  out of a 210-plane order book.Delays at Boeing have meant deliveries have been slow and unpredictable. That will restrict growth this year to just 3pc (206 million passengers)  Ryanair said.""We are working closely with Boeing to accelerate deliveries and are increasingly confident that the remaining 29 ‘gamechangers’ in our 210 orderbook will deliver well ahead of summer ’26  enabling us to catch up delayed traffic growth into full year 2027 ” the airline said.Deliveries from a further order of 300 of Boeing’s MAX-10 aircraft are expected to start in spring 2027 and be completed by March 2034  when it is targeting growth to 300 million passengers.Ryanair says rival European airlines are also seeing their capacity constrained  including many that rely on Airbus  which has its own delays in terms of aircraft deliveries.Meanwhile  for investors  the Irish airline has ended a temporary restriction on non-EU investors buying ordinary shares  that had been in place in order to ensure it met the 50pc threshold of EU ownership  required as a European airline.“Once the 50pc threshold was reached  the board  taking into account positive feedback from regulators and investors resolved in March that it was in the best interest of Ryanair and our shareholders as a whole to discontinue the prohibition on non-EU nationals acquiring ordinary shares with immediate effect ” Ryanair said.Voting restrictions do continue to apply to non-EU national shareholders but EU and non-EU nationals can now invest in Ryanair Holdings via ordinary shares listed on Euronext Dublin and/or depository shares listed on the Nasdaq in New York.Meanwhile  long-time director and former Ryanair executive Howard Millar will not seek re-election at the upcoming Ryanair AGM and will step down from the board in September.Mr Millar was Ryanair’s CFO from 1992 to 2014  and has been a non-executive director for the last nine years.*This article was updated on May 20th to note that the passenger cap at Dublin Airport was a condition imposed by An Bord Pleanála and not Fingal County Council  as was initially reported. .",negative,0.03,0.42,0.56,negative,0.01,0.18,0.82,True,English,"['Michael O’Leary blasts ministers', 'Palestinians', 'legislation', 'cap', 'airport', 'final H1 (first half) outcome', 'Transport Minister Darragh O’Brien', 'An Bord Pleanála', 'online travel agent bookings', 'reasonable net profit growth', 'Michael O’Leary', 'Mr O’Leary', 'overseas visitor numbers', 'Central Statistics Office', 'new Trump administration', 'fuel hedge savings', 'consumer spending pressure', 'repeated price stimulation', 'Dublin Airport passenger cap', 'zero H2 visibility', 'new B737-8200 “gamechangers', 'latest 2025 financial year', '210-plane order book', 'prior year Q2.', '7pc fare decline', 'rival European airlines', 'peak summer yields', '3pc (206 million passengers', 'Ryanair passenger numbers', 'first time', 'full-year profit', 'Boeing delivery delays', 'limited visibility', 'Q2 pricing', '7pc decline', 'remaining 29 ‘gamechangers', 'European carrier', 'peak fares', '36 million passengers', '200 million passengers', '300 million passengers', 'temporary measures', 'long-term access', '20-seat majority', 'election commitments', 'planning condition', 'legal actions', 'short term', 'international travellers', 'previous year', 'operating costs', 'higher staff', 'other costs', 'full Easter', 'big drop', 'last year', 'meaningful guidance', 'efficient planes', '618 aircraft fleet', 'traffic growth', 'full year', 'MAX-10 aircraft', 'temporary restriction', 'ordinary shares', '50pc threshold', 'positive feedback', 'best interest', 'non-EU nationals', 'immediate effect', 'Voting restrictions', 'Canadian passengers', 'coming summer', 'Irish-headquartered airline', 'EU airlines', 'Irish airline', 'EU ownership', 'five months', 'early months', 'lower fares', 'winter seasons', 'short-term impact', 'US airlines', 'cost gap', 'running issue', 'summer 2025 demand', 'aircraft deliveries', 'EU investors', '12 months', 'profits', 'operation', 'place', 'Government', 'promises', 'Palestinians', 'legislation', 'force', 'schedules', 'role', 'Ireland', 'CSO', 'courts', 'Programme', 'talk', 'things', 'certainty', 'advance', 'signs', 'Europeans', 'perception', 'tax', 'March', 'record', 'Revenue', 'competitor', 'part', 'absence', 'date', 'FY26', '210 orderbook', 'spring', 'capacity', 'Airbus', 'terms', 'board', 'account', 'regulators', 'shareholders', 'prohibition', '2024']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,independent.ie
50780,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/05/19/3084229/0/en/Aramis-Group-2025-first-half-results.html,Aramis Group - 2025 first-half results,PRESS RELEASE  Arcueil  May 19  2025  2025 first-half results        Double-digit revenue growth  doubling of adjusted EBITDA  solid cash...,"PRESS RELEASEArcueil  May 19  20252025 first-half resultsDouble-digit revenue growth  doubling of adjusted EBITDA  solid cash generationAnnual targets confirmedResults on March 31  2025  first half of the financial year ending September 30  2025Revenue of €1 213.3 million  organic growth of +10% compared to the first half of 2024Customer satisfaction remains very high  with an NPS 1 of 72  among the best in the industry and supported by continued team engagement  illustrated by a strong eNPS 2 of 55of 72  among the best in the industry and supported by continued team engagement  illustrated by a strong eNPS of 55 +10% increase in the number of vehicles sold to private customers compared to the first half of 2024  including +11% for refurbished vehicles and +7% for pre-registered vehiclesAramis Group continues to significantly outperform the used car market 3 (+ 12 points) with further market share gains(+ 12 points) with further market share gains Increase in gross profit per unit sold (GPU) to €2 317  up +8% compared to the first half of 2024Adjusted EBITDA doubled to €32.8 million compared to €16.2 million in the first half of 2024; positive net income of €6.4 millionCash generation 4 of €23.7 million  thanks to further improvement in operating working capital to 24 days (compared to 27 days on March 31  2024)of €23.7 million  thanks to further improvement in operating working capital to 24 days (compared to 27 days on March 31  2024) Continued reduction in net debt to €47.4 million compared to €61.0 million on September 30  20242025 annual targets confirmedNicolas Chartier and Guillaume Paoli  co-founders5 of Aramis Group:""Thanks to our unique value proposition and highly engaged teams  we once again recorded sustained growth and significant margin improvement in the first half of 2025. We sold a record number of cars  with nearly 61 000 vehicles sold to private customers  demonstrating the strong momentum of our business. Customer satisfaction scores remain at remarkable levels  reflecting the strength of our commercial development and service quality. Combined with our positive profitability momentum  our operational excellence has enabled us to generate strong cash-flow. Finally  we have made solid progress in deploying our strategic plan  presented in late November 2024  illustrated by the unification of our brand platforms and visual identity in all our geographies. Our strengths and these solid results allow us to approach the second half of the year with confidence and confirm all our objectives for 2025.""2025 FIRST-HALF ACTIVITYOverview of volumes and revenues2025 first-half B2C volumesIn units Reported basis H1 2025 H1 2024 Change (%) Refurbished cars 47 060 42 362 +11.1% Pre-registered cars 13 809 12 867 +7.3% Total B2C volumes 60 869 55 229 +10.2%2025 first-half revenuesBy segmentIn million of euros Reported basis H1 2025 H1 2024 Change (%) Refurbished cars 806.5 731.4 +10.3% Pre-registered cars 271.9 233.4 +16.5% Total B2C 1 078.4 964.9 +11.8% Total B2B 73.8 76.4 -3.4% Total services 61.2 57.0 +7.2% Revenues 1 213.3 1 098.3 +10.5%By countryIn million of euros Reported basis H1 2025 H1 2024 Change (%) France 519.5 477.8 +8.7% Belgium 165.4 139.2 +18.9% Spain 162.0 150.5 +7.7% United Kingdom 254.5 213.8 +19.0% Austria 98.1 103.5 -5.2% Italy 13.8 13.6 +1.7% Revenues 1 213.3 1 098.3 +10.5%Analysis of the change in revenues by segmentB2C – sales of cars to private customers (89% of revenues)B2C segment revenue – corresponding to sales of refurbished and pre-registered cars to private customers – reached €1 078.4 million in the first half of 2025  up +11.8% compared to the first half of 2024  including +10.2% volume effect and +1.4% price effect.Revenue from the refurbished cars segment reached €806.5 million  up +10.3%  including a volume effect of +11.1% and a price effect of -0.7%. This double-digit organic growth trajectory is in line with Aramis Group's objectives for 2025.Revenue from the pre-registered cars segment amounted to €271.9 million  up +16.5% compared to the first half of 2024  including a volume effect of +7.3% and a price/mix effect of +8.5%. The momentum during this semester was supported by Cardoen's performance in Belgium  which benefited from the same catch-up effect as France in the previous semester. This evolution occurs in a market context that  after a gradual normalization phase  is stabilizing in line with our expectations.Aramis Group once again demonstrates the quality of its value proposition as an integrated player  capable of purchasing more vehicles  reconditioning them more efficiently  and serving an ever-growing number of customers in Europe. The Group continues to gain market share in the segment of vehicles under 8 years old  outperforming it by 12 points in the first half of 2025.B2B – car sales to professional customers (6% of revenue)B2B segment revenue amounted to €73.8 million in the first half of 2025  down -3.4% compared to the first half of 2024  due to a decline in average selling price. B2B segment activity  largely correlated with the volume of vehicles purchased from private customers  has now stabilized.Services (5% of revenue)Revenue generated by services reached €61.2 million in the first half of 2025  up +7.2% compared to the first half of 2024  driven by B2C volume growth. The penetration rate of financing solutions offered by Aramis Group is stable at 44%.Analysis of the change in revenues by countryBy geography  revenue generated in France in the first half of 2025 reached €519.5 million  up +8.7%. This solid growth is mainly driven by the momentum in refurbished vehicle sales  with volumes increasing by +17.1%.In Belgium  revenue reached €165.4 million  recording a significant increase of +18.9%  driven by a catch-up effect in the pre-registered vehicles segment  with volumes up +40.9%.In Spain  revenue reached €162.0 million  representing solid growth of +7.7% compared to the first half of 2024  despite the flooding of the Valencia sales point in October 2024. The Valencia site reopened on May 5  2025.Revenue generated in the United Kingdom reached €254.5 million  representing remarkable growth of +19.0%  driven by a +14.7% increase in volumes sold during the semester.In Austria  revenue reached €98.1 million  down -5.2%  reflecting an unfavorable base effect following an exceptional 2024 year that benefited from one-off sourcing opportunities.In Italy  volumes sold to private customers decreased by -4.8% during the period  while revenue increased by 1.7%  below the group's expectations. Including deliveries to other group entities  total volumes sold by the entity increased by +37.7%  with Italian vehicles being marketed in other group countries through our internal marketplace.INCOME STATEMENTCondensed income statement 6In million of euros Reported basis H1 2025 H1 2024 Change (%) Revenues 1 213.3 1 098.3 +10.5% Gross profit 141.1 118.9 +18.6% Gross profit per B2C vehicle sold - GPU (€) 2 317 2 153 +7.6% Adjusted EBITDA 32.8 16.2 +102.7% Operating income (loss) 15.4 (7.7) na Net profit (loss) 6.4 (13.3) naGross profitIn the first half of 2025  the gross profit reached €141.1 million  a significant increase of +18.6% compared to the first half of 2024. Gross profit per B2C vehicle sold (GPU) reached €2 317  consolidating Aramis Group's position as a European benchmark7.This improvement results from:the Group's ability to select the best vehicles for its customers  thanks to its diverse sourcing channels and unique technologies;the improvement of its service offering;the reduction in reconditioning costs  with better absorption of fixed costs and continuously improved processes.Adjusted EBITDAAdjusted EBITDA reached €32.8 million in the first half of 2025  compared to €16.2 million in the first half of the previous year.Aramis Group maintains its discipline in managing selling  general and administrative expenses (SG&A)  which grew at half the rate of volumes sold. Marketing expenses amounted to €17.2 million  down -6.7% on unit cost terms (COCA).Operating incomeOperating income for the first half of 2025 came to €15.4 million compared to -€7.7 million in the first half of 2024.In addition to adjusted EBITDA  operating income includes:+€0.3 million in acquisition-related personnel expenses  compared to -€6.4 million in FY24. These expenses correspond to the provisioning of the earn-out payment for the Onlinecars acquisition and the exercise of the Motor Depot purchase option. This decrease in expenses is explained by the downward revision of the price to be paid for exercising the Motor Depot purchase option  which decreased from £36 million to £30 million;-€2.0 million in share-based payment personnel expenses;restructuring costs of -€0.2 million;depreciation and amortization of -€15.6 million (including -€7.4 million related to IFRS 16).Net incomeNet income for the first half of 2025 was positive at €6.4 million compared to -€13.3 million in the first half of 2024.It includes:financial result of -€4.6 million  including net financial debt cost of -€2.4 million  financial expenses on lease liabilities (IFRS 16) of -€2.2 million;corporate income tax totaling -€4.4 million.CASH-FLOW AND FINANCIAL STRUCTUREInventories and operating working capital requirementsIn million of euros Reported basis Mar 31  2025 Sep 30  2024 Mar 31  2024 Inventories 241.6 222.3 226.9 Trade receivables 41.1 37.1 51.4 Other current assets (excl. non-operational items) 48.2 37.3 38.8 Trade payables 94.2 67.1 91.1 Other current liabilities (excl. non-operational items) 73.6 63.7 67.2 Other items 5.5 4.2 2.5 Operating working capital requirements 157.5 161.7 156.3 In days of revenues 24 26 27Operating working capital amounted to €157.5 million. This represents 24 days of revenue as of March 31  2025  an improvement of 3 days compared to March 31  2024.This evolution particularly demonstrates the Group's good inventory management  which has continued its work on accelerating turnover across all geographies.Cash positionIn million of euros Reported basis Mar 31  2025 Mar 31  2024 Net debt at opening 61.0 82.3 Adjusted EBITDA +32.8 +16.2 Change in operating working capital requirement +4.2 +8.1 Disbursement of personnel liabilities related to acquisitions -7.0 -1.0 Other transaction-related cash flow +1.6 -1.5 Subtotal of cash flow from transactions +31.6 +21.7 Capital expenditures -5.4 -6.8 Acquisitions of subsidiaries (excl. fees) - - Other investment-related cash flow +2.2 +0.9 Sub-total of cash flow from investing activities -3.2 -5.9 Financial interests -2.4 -2.4 Lease charges (IFRS 16 - interest and capital) -9.3 -7.8 Other financing-related cash flow(excl. issuing and repayment of borrowings) -3.1 +0.1 Sub-total of cash flow from financing activities -14.7 -10.1 Net debt at closing 47.4 76.7Net debt amounted to €47.4 million as of March 31  2025  compared to €61.0 million at the end of September 2024  representing a reduction in net debt of €13.6 million  which breaks down as follows:+€23.7 million in cash generation  driven by EBITDA contribution  working capital reduction  and controlled CAPEX. As a reminder  CAPEX mainly consists of investments in the Group's information systems  increasingly mutualized  hence the reduction compared to FY24;-€7.0 million payment for the Onlinecars earn-out  made in March 2025 as planned;-€3.1 million in share buybacks as part of our plan to cover the performance share plan.Aramis Group's balance sheet ratios thus remain very healthy. As of March 31  2025  the Group has undrawn and unconditional credit lines of approximately €200 million. Furthermore  the Group has renegotiated the terms of some of its credit lines with Stellantis  converting short-term credit lines or those with fixed maturities in 2026/2027 into a credit facility that can be drawn at any time for a maximum duration of 3 years  amounting to €100 million.OUTLOOKIn a macroeconomic environment marked by high volatility  the group remains prudent and vigilant while anticipating relative stability in the used vehicle market  supported by Europeans' mobility needs.In this context  Aramis Group confirms its objectives for fiscal year 2025:double-digit organic growth in refurbished vehicle volumes;high single-digit organic growth in total B2C vehicle volumes;adjusted EBITDA exceeding €65 million;progressive improvement in operating working capital  expressed in days of revenue.***Status of the statutory auditors’ procedures:During its meeting on May 19  2025  Aramis Group's Board of Directors approved the consolidatedfinancial statements for the first half of the financial year 2025  ended March 31  2025. The limited review procedures on the interim financial statements have been completed. The limited review report will be issued after verification of the interim management report.Next financial information:2025 third-quarter activity: July 24  2025 (after market close)2025 annual results: November 26  2025 (after market close)About Aramis Group – www.aramis.groupAramis Group is the European leader for B2C online used car sales and operates in six countries. A fast-growing group  an e-commerce expert and a vehicle refurbishing pioneer  Aramis Group takes action each day for more sustainable mobility with an offering that is part of the circular economy. Founded in 2001  it has been revolutionizing its market for over 20 years  focused on ensuring the satisfaction of its customers and capitalizing on digital technology and employee engagement to create value for all its stakeholders. With annual revenues of more than €2 billion  Aramis Group sells more than 110 000 vehicles B2C and welcomes close to seventy million visitors across all its digital platforms each year. The Group employs more than 2 400 people and has eight industrial-scale refurbishing centers throughout Europe. Aramis Group is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment B (Ticker: ARAMI – ISIN: FR0014003U94).DisclaimerCertain information included in this press release is not historical data but forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and assumptions  including  but not limited to  assumptions about current and future business strategies and the environment in which Aramis Group operates  and involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which may cause actual results or performance  or the results or other events  to be materially different from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include those discussed or identified in Chapter 4 ""Risk Factors and Control Environment"" of the Universal Registration Document dated December 19  2024  filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (AMF) under number D. 24-0891 and available on the Group's website (www.aramis.group) and on the AMF website (www.amffrance.org). These forward-looking statements and information are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. This press release does not contain or constitute an offer of securities or an invitation or inducement to invest in securities in France  the United States  or any other area.Investor contactinvestor@aramis.groupPress contactsBrunswickHugues BoëtonTristan Roquet Montegonaramisgroup@brunswickgroup.com+33 (0)6 79 99 27 15APPENDICESNet profit and lossIn € thousands H1 2024-2025 H1 2023-2024 Revenues 1 213 349 1 098 320 Cost of goods and services sold (1 004 461) (917 200) Other purchases and external expenses (92 908) (89 612) Taxes and duties (4 079) (3 658) Personnel expenses (75 001) (69 379) Personnel expenses related to share-based payments (1 980) (1 214) Personnel expenses related to acquisitions 322 (6 376) Provisions and impairment (8 450) (2 513) Transaction costs - - Other operating income 6 485 1 115 Other operating expenses (2 348) (1 309) Operating income (loss) before depreciation  amortization and impairment 30 928 8 175 Depreciation  amortization and impairment related to PP&E and intangible assets (8 145) (8 619) Amortization of right-of-use assets related to leases (7 421) (7 249) Gain on bargain price - - Operating income (loss) 15 362 (7 694) Cost of net financial debt (2 364) (3 107) Financial expenses on lease liabilities (2 224) (2 181) Other financial income 13 29 Other financial expenses (5) (243) Net financial income (expenses) (4 579) (5 502) Income (loss) before tax 10 783 (13 196) Income tax (4 394) (144) Net income (loss) 6 389 (13 340) Attributable to owners of the Company 6 389 (13 340) Attributable to non-controlling interests - -Statement of financial positionIn € thousands Mar 31  2025 Sep 30  2024 Mar 31  2024 Goodwill 65 124 65 121 64 437 Other intangible assets 56 731 59 112 60 897 Property  plant and equipment 33 225 36 018 38 820 Right-of-use assets related to leases 92 928 98 516 96 392 Other non-current financial assets  including derivatives 1 334 1 219 1 238 Deferred tax assets 7 506 9 491 2 018 Non-current assets 256 847 269 477 263 802 Inventories 241 576 222 314 226 924 Assets sold with a buy-back commitment 525 2 600 3 874 Trade receivables 41 085 37 111 51 433 Current tax receivables 147 959 309 Other current assets 50 366 39 322 40 864 Cash and cash equivalents 31 116 37 012 29 937 Current assets 364 815 339 318 353 342 Total assets 621 662 608 795 617 144 Share capital 1 657 1 657 1 657 Additional paid-in capital 271 165 271 165 271 165 Reserves and reserves and retained earnings (86 650) (90 227) (91 100) Unrealized exchange losses 2 588 2 583 874 Profit (loss) attributable to owners of the Company 6 389 5 013 (13 340) Equity attributable to owners of the Company 195 150 190 190 169 256 Non-controlling interests - - - Total equity 195 150 190 190 169 256 Non-current financial debt 28 705 42 873 43 653 Non-current lease liabilities 82 839 88 031 85 679 Non-current provisions 4 966 5 098 3 302 Deferred tax liabilities 9 269 9 166 8 750 Non-current personnel liabilities associated with current acquisitions - 18 498 23 515 Other non-current liabilities 5 555 4 319 2 644 Non-current liabilities 131 334 167 984 167 543 Current financial debt 64 396 69 762 77 209 Current lease liabilities 14 665 14 658 14 154 Current provisions 6 564 5 739 4 676 Trade payables 94 213 67 068 91 108 Current tax liabilities 1 754 1 239 561 Current personnel liabilities associated with current acquisitions 17 402 6 222 4 667 Other current liabilities 96 185 85 932 87 970 Current liabilities 295 178 250 620 280 346 Total equity and liabilities 621 662 608 795 617 144Cash-flow statementIn € thousands H1 2024-2025 H1 2023-2024 Net income (loss) 6 389 (13 340) Adjustments for depreciation  amortization and provisions 16 260 15 754 Adjustments for income tax 4 394 144 Adjustments for net financial income (expense) 4 579 5 502 Items reclassified under cash from investing activities 139 38 Expense related to share-based payments 1 980 1 214 Other non-cash items (18) (193) Change in personnel liabilities related to acquisitions (7 322) 5 376 Change in working capital requirement 6 125 6 999 Income tax paid (954) 237 Net cash from (used in) operating activities 31 572 21 732 Acquisition of property  plant and equipment and intangible assets (5 375) (6 788) Proceeds from disposals of assets 2 270 945 Change in loans and other financial assets (114) (81) Net cash from (used in) investing activities (3 220) (5 923) Proceeds from borrowings 14 542 32 293 Repayment of borrowings (42 714) (61 780) Purchase/sale of treasury shares (3 099) (206) Interest paid (4 303) (4 575) Other financial expenses paid and income received 16 269 Net cash from (used in) financing activities (35 558) (33 999) Effect of changes in exchange rate (10) 43 Net change in cash (7 216) (18 147) Cash and cash equivalents at opening 36 937 47 485 Cash and cash equivalents at closing 29 721 29 338Reconciliation of gross profit per unit (GPU)In € thousands Reported basis H1 2025 H1 2024 Change (%) Revenues 1 213 349 1 098 320 +10.5% Cost of goods and services sold (1 004 461) (917 200) +9.5% Gross profit (consolidated data) 208 888 181 121 +15.3% Cost of transport and refurbishing (67 834) (62 209) +9.0% Gross profit 141 054 118 912 +18.6% Number of B2C vehicles sold (units) 60 869 55 229 +10.2% Gross profit per unit of B2C vehicle sold – GPU (€) 2 317 2 153 +7.6%Reconciliation of adjusted EBITDAIn € thousands Reported basis H1 2025 H1 2024 Change (%) Operating income (loss) before depreciation  amortizationand impairment of non-current assets 30 928 8 175 +278.3% Personnel expenses related to share-based payments 1 980 1 214 +63.1% Personnel expenses related to acquisitions (322) 6 376 na Transaction costs - - na Restructuring costs 178 395 -55.0% Adjusted EBITDA 32 765 16 161 +102.7%Breakdown of operating working capital requirementIn € thousands Reported basis Mar 31  2025 Sep 30  2024 Mar 31  2024 Inventories 241 576 222 314 226 924 Trade receivables 41 085 37 111 51 433 Trade payables (94 213) (67 068) (91 108) Other current assets 50 366 39 322 40 864 Restatements related to the other current assets item: - - - - Payroll and social security receivables (375) (342) (336) - Tax receivables other than those related to VAT (101) (353) (404) - Other items not related to operating WCR (1 681) (1 365) (1 340) Other current liabilities (96 186) (85 932) (87 970) Restatements related to the other current liabilities item: - - - - Social security liabilities 20 761 20 300 18 504 - Tax liabilities other than those related to VAT 1 274 1 143 1 159 - Debt on securities acquisition - - 100 - Items under ""other liabilities"" not related to conversion premiums and environmental bonuses 573 813 1 023 Deferred income – non-current (5 546) (4 220) (2 533) Operating working capital requirement (A) 157 534 161 721 156 316 Revenues over last 12 months (B) 2 352 567 2 237 537 2 102 334 Operating working capital requirement expressed in days of revenues (A/B multiplied by 365) 24 26 27Reconciliation of net debt with net financial debt under IFRSIn € thousands Reported basis Mar 31  2025 Sep 30  2024 Mar 31  2024 Borrowings and liabilities with credit institutions (incl. RCF) 38 444 67 503 72 352 Miscellaneous financial liabilities 38 657 30 454 33 648 Bank overdrafts 1 395 74 599 Cash and cash equivalents (31 116) (37 012) (29 937) Net financial debt 47 380 61 020 76 662 Lease liabilities 97 504 102 689 99 833 Liabilities relating to minority shareholder put options 14 605 14 603 14 263 IFRS net financial debt 159 488 178 312 190 7581 Net Promoter Score  a widely used indicator measuring customer satisfaction2 Employee Net Promoter Score  a widely used indicator measuring employee engagement3 Market for used vehicles less than eight years old  on average across the six geographies of the Group. Source: S&P Global and Aramis Group4 Total cash-flow excluding cash-outs related to Onlinecars earn-out payment (€7m) and share buyback program (€3m)5 Guillaume Paoli is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company  and Nicolas Chartier is Deputy Chief Executive Officer  based on a 2-year rotation6 See appendices for the reconciliation of gross profit and adjusted EBITDA7 Compared to the average gross profit per unit of European listed companies  and taking into account the differences in the definition of gross profitAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.85,0.15,0.0,True,English,"['Aramis Group', '2025 first-half results', 'double-digit organic growth trajectory', 'gradual normalization phase', 'positive net income', 'average selling price', 'same catch-up effect', 'Double-digit revenue growth', 'market share gains', 'continued team engagement', 'unique value proposition', 'Customer satisfaction scores', 'positive profitability momentum', 'significant margin improvement', 'solid cash generation', '2025 first-half B2C volumes', 'Total B2C volumes', 'B2C segment revenue', 'refurbished cars segment', 'B2B segment revenue', 'sustained growth', 'net debt', '+1.4% price effect', 'car market', 'market context', 'solid progress', '2025 FIRST-HALF ACTIVITY', 'Total B2B', 'Total services', '+10.2% volume effect', 'price/mix effect', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'adjusted EBITDA', 'Annual targets', 'first half', 'strong eNPS', 'Aramis Group', 'gross profit', 'working capital', 'Nicolas Chartier', 'Guillaume Paoli', 'engaged teams', 'strong momentum', 'remarkable levels', 'commercial development', 'operational excellence', 'strong cash-flow', 'strategic plan', 'late November', 'brand platforms', 'visual identity', 'solid results', 'second half', 'United Kingdom', 'integrated player', 'The Group', '2025 first-half results', 'registered cars', 'private customers', 'professional customers', 'H1 2024 Change', 'record number', 'growing number', 'financial year', 'service quality', 'previous semester', '2025 first-half revenues', 'car sales', 'refurbished vehicles', '61,000 vehicles', 'Arcueil', 'May', 'doubling', 'March', 'September', 'industry', '55 +10% increase', 'GPU', '24 days', '27 days', 'operating', 'reduction', 'founders5', 'business', 'strength', 'unification', 'geographies', 'confidence', 'objectives', 'Overview', 'units', 'euros', 'country', 'France', 'Belgium', 'Spain', 'Austria', 'Italy', 'Analysis', 'line', 'Cardoen', 'performance', 'evolution', 'expectations', 'Europe', '12 points']",2025-05-19,2025-05-20,globenewswire.com
50781,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/unifiedpost-group-rebrands-banqup-group-200000902.html,Unifiedpost Group rebrands to Banqup Group  reinforcing its position as a pure-play SaaS provider,Press Release - Regulated Information Unifiedpost Group rebrands to Banqup Group  reinforcing its position as a pure-play SaaS provider La Hulpe  Belgium – 20 May 2025  22:00 CET – REGULATED INFORMATION – Banqup Group SA ,Press Release - Regulated InformationUnifiedpost Group rebrands to Banqup Group  reinforcing its position as a pure-play SaaS providerLa Hulpe  Belgium – 20 May 2025  22:00 CET – REGULATED INFORMATION – Banqup Group SA  formerly Unifiedpost Group SA  (Euronext: UPG) (Banqup  Company)  a leading provider of integrated business communications solutions  held an Extraordinary General Meeting (EGM) and Annual General Meeting (AGM).The shareholders approved all proposed resolutions (here)  including:EGM: Strategic rebranding from Unifiedpost Group SA to Banqup Group SA across the Group. This further underpins our focus on core digital services and aligns our business as a pure-play SaaS provider. The rebranding offers our stakeholders a clear understanding of our product and value proposition  reinforcing our commitment to growth in e-invoicing and payment solutions.AGM: Enhanced governance with the approval of the updated remuneration policy and the appointment of four new Board members:Nicolas de Beco  representing Beco Global Consulting LLC  as executive directorNathalie Van Den Haute  representing Quilaudem BV  as non-executive directorKoen Hoffman  representing Ahok BV  as an independent directorLeanne Kemp as an independent directorThe minutes  voting results and presentation of the AGM will be available on the shareholder page (here) in thecoming days.Financial Calendar:22 May 2025: Publication of the Q1 2025 business update26 August 2025: Publication of the H1 2025 results (webcast)13 November 2025: Publication of the Q3 2025 business updateContactAlex NicollInvestor RelationsBanqup Groupalex.nicoll@unifiedpost.comAbout Banqup GroupBanqup Group delivers integrated cloud-based SaaS solutions to streamline business transactions across the entire lifecycle  from e-invoicing and e-payments to tax reporting. Banqup  our solution for businesses  unifies purchase-to-pay  order-to-cash  e-invoicing compliance  and e-payments into one secure platform  removing the complexity of juggling disconnected tools. eFaktura World  our solution for governments  is a comprehensive digital platform designed for tax administrations to implement e-invoicing and streamline both B2G and B2B tax reporting flows. To learn more about Banqup Group and our solutions  please visit our website: Unifiedpost Group | Global leaders in digital solutionsCautionary note regarding forward-looking statements: The statements contained herein may include prospects  statements of future expectations  opinions  and other forward-looking statements in relation to the expected future performance of Banqup Group and the markets in which it is active. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current views and assumptions regarding future events. By nature  they involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  and other factors that appear justified at the time at which they are made but may not turn out to be accurate. Actual results  performance or events may  therefore  differ materially from those expressed or implied in such forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law  Banqup Group does not undertake any obligation to update  clarify or correct any forward-looking statements contained in this press release in light of new information  future events or otherwise and disclaims any liability in respect hereto. The reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,mixed,0.21,0.28,0.51,True,English,"['pure-play SaaS provider', 'Unifiedpost Group', 'Banqup Group', 'position', 'Nathalie Van Den Haute', 'four new Board members', 'Beco Global Consulting LLC', 'Q3 2025 business update Contact', 'integrated cloud-based SaaS solutions', 'B2B tax reporting flows', 'integrated business communications solutions', 'Nicolas de Beco', 'Q1 2025 business update', 'pure-play SaaS provider', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Annual General Meeting', 'one secure platform', 'core digital services', 'comprehensive digital platform', 'Unifiedpost Group SA', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'Banqup Group SA', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Banqup Group alex', 'digital solutions', 'Global leaders', 'new information', 'business transactions', 'leading provider', 'tax administrations', 'payment solutions', 'other factors', 'Press Release', 'Regulated Information', 'La Hulpe', 'clear understanding', 'value proposition', 'remuneration policy', 'executive director', 'Quilaudem BV', 'Koen Hoffman', 'Ahok BV', 'independent director', 'Leanne Kemp', 'voting results', 'shareholder page', 'Financial Calendar', 'H1 2025 results', 'Alex Nicoll', 'Investor Relations', 'entire lifecycle', 'disconnected tools', 'eFaktura World', 'Cautionary note', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'Actual results', 'applicable law', 'undue reliance', 'future events', 'Strategic rebranding', 'invoicing compliance', 'future performance', 'Belgium', '20 May', '22:00 CET', 'Euronext', 'UPG', 'Company', 'EGM', 'AGM', 'shareholders', 'resolutions', 'focus', 'stakeholders', 'product', 'commitment', 'growth', 'e-invoicing', 'governance', 'approval', 'appointment', 'minutes', 'presentation', 'coming', 'Publication', '26 August', 'webcast', 'November', 'payments', 'businesses', 'cash', 'complexity', 'governments', 'B2G', 'website', 'prospects', 'opinions', 'expected', 'markets', 'management', 'assumptions', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'time', 'obligation', 'light', 'liability', 'respect', 'reader']",2025-05-20,2025-05-20,uk.finance.yahoo.com
50782,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.pharmiweb.com/press-release/2025-05-20/galapagos-announces-oral-presentations-at-eha-and-icml-2025-featuring-promising-new-data-from-atalanta-1-study-of-investigational-car-t-candidate-glpg,Galapagos Announces Oral Presentations at EHA and ICML 2025 Featuring Promising New Data from ATALANTA-1 study of Investigational CAR-T Candidate GLPG5101,Galapagos Announces Oral Presentations at EHA and ICML 2025 Featuring Promising New Data from ATALANTA-1 study of Investigational CAR-T Candidate GLPG5101 Mechelen  Belgium; May 14  2025  22:01 CET; Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG) ,Galapagos Announces Oral Presentations at EHA and ICML 2025 Featuring Promising New Data from ATALANTA-1 study of Investigational CAR-T Candidate GLPG5101Mechelen  Belgium; May 14  2025  22:01 CET; Galapagos NV (Euronext & NASDAQ: GLPG)  a global biotechnology company dedicated to transforming patient outcomes through life-changing science and innovation  today announced that new data from our ongoing ATALANTA-1 Phase 1/2 study of GLPG5101 in relapsed/refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma (R/R NHL) have been accepted for oral presentations at the 2025 European Hematology Association (EHA) Congress taking place June 12-15  2025  in Milan  Italy  and the International Conference on Malignant Lymphoma (ICML) in Lugano  Switzerland the following week.“At Galapagos  we are driven by a mission to expand access to transformative cell therapies for patients facing serious hematological and solid tumors  where unmet needs remain high ” said Omotayo Fasan  M.D.  Clinical Development Program Head at Galapagos. “We are excited to present new data for GLPG5101 in multiple relapsed/refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma subtypes  which continue to support our approach of rapidly delivering fresh  stem-like early memory cells to potentially improve outcomes.”The data to be presented are summarized below:The oral presentation at EHA will feature new safety and longer follow-up data for GLPG5101 in 64 patients with R/R large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL)  mantle cell lymphoma (MCL)  follicular lymphoma (FL)  and marginal zone lymphoma (MZL) from the ongoing ATALANTA-1 Phase 1/2 study.The oral presentation at ICML will feature new and full results from ATALANTA-1 Cohort 3 (indolent NHL  iNHL) on safety  efficacy and translational data for GLPG5101 in patients with iNHL (follicular lymphoma and marginal zone lymphoma) from the ongoing ATALANTA-1 Phase 1/2 study.The abstracts and presentation details are as follows:Abstract title Authors (Presenter) Presentation date/session Galapagos-driven original abstract at EHA Low rates of high-grade toxicities with GLPG5101  a fresh  stem-like  early memory phenotype anti-CD19 CAR T- cell therapy in patients with non-Hodgkin lymphoma in the ATALANTA-1 study​ Joost S.P. Vermaat  Sébastien Anguille  Maria T. Kuipers  Pim G.N.J. Mutsaers   Evelyne Willems  Michael R. Bishop  Tim J.A. Dekker  Martin Dreyling  Caron Jacobson  Sandra Blum  Omotayo Fasan  Harini Kothari  Eva Santermans  Jeevan Shetty  Kirsten Van Hoorde and Marie José Kersten Date:​ June 15  2025 Session: Gene therapy  cellular immunotherapy and vaccination - Clinical​ Galapagos-driven original abstract at ICML High CR and MRD Negativity Rates With GLPG5101  a Fresh  Stem-Like  Early Memory CD19 CAR T With 7-Day Vein-to-Vein Time: Full Results From ATALANTA-1 Cohort 3 (iNHL) Marie José Kersten  Maria T. Kuipers   Sébastien Anguille  Evelyne Willems  Michael R. Bishop  Tim J.A. Dekker  Martin Dreyling  Caron Jacobson  Chiara Lobetti-Bodoni  Esmee Hoefsmit  Stavros Milatos  Eva Santermans  Maike Spoon  Kirsten Van Hoorde  Anna Van Muyden  Claire Vennin  Pim G.N.J. Mutsaers  Joost S.P. Vermaat ​Date: June 18  2025​ Session: New cellular therapies ​About GLPG5101 and ATALANTA-1 (EudraCT 2021-003272-13; NCT 06561425)GLPG5101 is a second generation anti-CD19/4-1BB CAR-T product candidate  administered as a single fixed intravenous dose. The safety  efficacy  and feasibility of decentralized manufactured GLPG5101 are currently being evaluated in the ATALANTA-1 Phase 1/2 study in patients with relapsed/refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma (R/R NHL).The primary objective of the Phase 1 part of the study is to evaluate safety and to determine the recommended dose for the Phase 2 part of the study. Secondary objectives include assessment of efficacy and feasibility of decentralized manufacturing of GLPG5101. The dose levels that were evaluated in Phase 1 are 50x106 (DL1)  110x106 (DL2) and 250x106 (DL3) CAR+ viable T-cells. The primary objective of the Phase 2 part of the study is to evaluate the Objective Response Rate (ORR) while the secondary objectives include Complete Response Rate (CRR)  duration of response  progression free survival  overall survival  safety  pharmacokinetic profile  and the feasibility of decentralized manufacturing. Each enrolled patient will be followed for 24 months.About Galapagos’ cell therapy manufacturing platformGalapagos’ innovative decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform has the potential for the administration of fresh  fit cells within a median vein-to-vein time of seven days  greater physician visibility  and improved patient experience. The platform consists of an end-to-end xCellit® workflow management and monitoring software system  a decentralized  functionally closed  automated manufacturing platform for cell therapies (using Lonza’s Cocoon®) and a proprietary quality control testing and release strategy.About GalapagosGalapagos is a biotechnology company with operations in Europe  the U.S.  and Asia  dedicated to transforming patient outcomes through life-changing science and innovation for more years of life and quality of life. Focusing on high unmet medical needs  we synergize compelling science  technology  and collaborative approaches to create a deep pipeline of best-in-class medicines. With capabilities from lab to patient  including a decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform  we are committed to challenging the status quo and delivering results for our patients  employees  and shareholders. Our goal is to meet current medical needs and to anticipate and shape the future of healthcare  ensuring that our innovations reach those who need them most. For additional information  please visit www.glpg.com or follow us on LinkedIn or X.For further information  please contact:Media inquiries:Srikant Ramaswami +1 412 699 0359 Marieke Vermeersch+32 479 490 603 media@glpg.com Investor inquiries:Srikant Ramaswami +1 412 699 0359Glenn Schulman +1 412 522 6239 ir@glpg.comForward-looking statementsThis press release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. These statements are often  but are not always  made through the use of words or phrases such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “will ” “continue ” “aim ” “future ” “potential ” “forward ” “may ” as well as similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release include  but are not limited to  statements regarding data from the ATALANTA-1 Phase 1/2 study  statements regarding the expected timing  design and readouts of the ATALANTA-1 study  and statements regarding Galapagos’ cell therapy manufacturing platform. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors which might cause Galapagos’ actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties and other factors include  without limitation  the risk that preliminary or interim clinical results may not be replicated in ongoing or subsequent clinical trials  the risk that ongoing and future clinical studies with Galapagos’ product candidates  including GLPG5101  may not be completed in the currently envisaged timelines or at all  the inherent uncertainties associated with competitive developments  clinical trial and product development activities and regulatory approval requirements (including that data from the ongoing and planned clinical research programs may not support registration or further development of GLPG5101 due to safety  efficacy or other reasons)  Galapagos' reliance on collaborations with third parties  and that Galapagos’ estimations regarding its GLPG5101 development program and regarding the commercial potential of GLPG5101 may be incorrect  as well as those risks and uncertainties identified in Galapagos’ Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended 31 December 2024 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and its subsequent filings with the SEC. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained herein are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and speak only as of the date hereof  and Galapagos makes no commitment to update or publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements in order to reflect new information or subsequent events  circumstances  or changes in expectations.AttachmentVisit our website: http://www.glpg.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.89,0.11,0.0,True,English,"['Investigational CAR-T Candidate GLPG5101', 'Oral Presentations', 'New Data', 'ATALANTA-1 study', 'Galapagos', 'EHA', 'ICML', 'Promising', 'fresh, stem-like, early memory phenotype anti-CD19 CAR T- cell therapy', 'decentralized, functionally closed, automated manufacturing platform', 'innovative decentralized cell therapy manufacturing platform', 'Pim G.N.J. Mutsaers', 'Joost S.P. Vermaat \u200bDate', 'Galapagos’ cell therapy manufacturing platform', 'Presentation date/session Galapagos-driven original abstract', 'multiple relapsed/refractory non-Hodgkin lymphoma subtypes', 'ongoing ATALANTA-1 Phase 1/2 study', 'Clinical\u200b Galapagos-driven original abstract', '\u200b Joost S.P. Vermaat', 'Tim J.A. Dekker', 'Clinical Development Program Head', 'proprietary quality control testing', 'Marie José Kersten Date', 'single fixed intravenous dose', 'early memory cells', 'Early Memory CD19', 'R/R large B-cell lymphoma', 'Investigational CAR-T Candidate GLPG5101', 'mantle cell lymphoma', 'transformative cell therapies', 'fresh, fit cells', 'Abstract title Authors', 'Sébastien Anguille', '2025 European Hematology Association', 'Maria T. Kuipers', 'Michael R. Bishop', 'Kirsten Van Hoorde', 'MRD Negativity Rates', 'Anna Van Muyden', 'CAR+ viable T-cells', 'greater physician visibility', 'xCellit® workflow management', 'monitoring software system', 'marginal zone lymphoma', 'Complete Response Rate', 'global biotechnology company', 'longer follow-up data', 'decentralized manufacturing', 'EHA Low rates', 'Gene therapy', 'Objective Response Rate', 'ICML High CR', 'New cellular therapies', 'ATALANTA-1 study', 'decentralized manufactured', 'U.S.', 'Phase 1 part', 'Phase 2 part', 'ATALANTA-1 Cohort', 'Malignant Lymphoma', 'follicular lymphoma', 'oral presentation', 'presentation details', 'R/R NHL', 'cellular immunotherapy', 'primary objective', 'dose levels', 'New Data', 'life-changing science', 'International Conference', 'serious hematological', 'solid tumors', 'unmet needs', 'Omotayo Fasan', 'M.D.', 'full results', 'indolent NHL', 'translational data', 'high-grade toxicities', 'Evelyne Willems', 'Martin Dreyling', 'Caron Jacobson', 'Sandra Blum', 'Harini Kothari', 'Eva Santermans', 'Jeevan Shetty', '7-Day Vein', 'Vein Time', 'Chiara Lobetti-Bodoni', 'Esmee Hoefsmit', 'Stavros Milatos', 'Maike Spoon', 'Claire Vennin', 'second generation', 'Secondary objectives', 'free survival', 'overall survival', 'pharmacokinetic profile', 'median vein', 'seven days', 'release strategy', 'EHA) Congress', 'patient experience', 'Galapagos NV', 'patient outcomes', 'new safety', 'Promising', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'Euronext', 'NASDAQ', 'innovation', 'place', 'Milan', 'Italy', 'Lugano', 'Switzerland', 'mission', 'access', 'patients', 'approach', 'DLBCL', 'MCL', 'MZL', 'iNHL', 'efficacy', 'abstracts', '\u200b June', '2025 Session', 'vaccination', '\u200b Session', 'EudraCT', 'feasibility', 'assessment', '250x106', 'ORR', 'CRR', 'duration', 'progression', '24 months', 'potential', 'administration', 'end', 'Lonza', 'Cocoon®', 'operations', 'Asia']",2025-05-20,2025-05-20,pharmiweb.com
50783,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/evs-communicates-results-ordinary-general-163000889.html,EVS Communicates the Results of the Ordinary General Meeting,EVS COMMUNICATES THE RESULTS OF THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING EVS Broadcast Equipment SA  leading provider of live video production systems  held its Ordinary General Meeting on May 20  2025. In total 154 shareholders representing 3 ,EVS COMMUNICATES THE RESULTS OF THE ORDINARY GENERAL MEETINGEVS Broadcast Equipment SA  leading provider of live video production systems  held its Ordinary General Meeting on May 20  2025.In total 154 shareholders representing 3 726 794 shares  or 26.01% of the company shares  attended (by proxy and physically) the Ordinary General Meeting held physically at the company's registered office.All the resolutions have been approved  i.e.:- The remuneration report  the discharge of the Directors and the Auditor;- The 2024 annual accounts and the allocation of profits  including a total gross dividend of EUR 1.10 for fiscal year 2024 (such dividend is made up  on the one hand  of the interim dividend of EUR 0.50 gross per existing share  paid in November 2024 and  on the other hand  of a balance of EUR 0.60 gross per share payable upon detachment of the coupon 38);The renewal of the mandate of 7 Capital SRL  represented by Mrs. Chantal De Vrieze  as Director;The appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers SRL as statutory auditor for the coming three years.Due to the lack of attendance quorum  the Extraordinary General Meeting convened on the same day has been postponed to June 10  2025  at 12:00 pm.All documents relating to the Ordinary General Meeting of May 20  2025  including a summary of the votes  can be found on our company website www.evs.com.About EVSWe create return on emotionEVS is globally recognized as a leading provider in live video technology for broadcast and new media productions. Spanning the entire production process  EVS solutions are trusted by production teams worldwide to deliver the most gripping live sports images  buzzing entertainment shows and breaking news to billions of viewers every day – and in real time. As we continue to expand our footprint  our dedication to sustainable growth for both our business and the industry is clearly demonstrated through our ESG strategy. This commitment is not only reflected in our results  but also in our high ratings from different agencies.Headquartered in Liège  Belgium  the company has a global presence with offices in Australia  Asia  the Middle East  Europe  North and Latin America  employing over 700 team members and ensuring sales  training  and technical support to more than 100 countries.EVS is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels: EVS  ISIN: BE0003820371. EVS is  amongst others  part of the Euronext Tech Leaders and Euronext BEL Mid indices.Media ContactsFor more info about this press release  or to set up an interview with EVS  please contact:,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Ordinary General Meeting', 'EVS', 'Results', 'Mrs. Chantal De Vrieze', 'gripping live sports images', 'Euronext BEL Mid indices', 'live video production systems', 'EVS Broadcast Equipment SA', 'live video technology', 'ORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'coming three years', 'entire production process', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'new media productions', 'total gross dividend', 'production teams', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Media Contacts', 'leading provider', 'registered office', 'remuneration report', '2024 annual accounts', 'fiscal year', 'one hand', 'interim dividend', 'other hand', '7 Capital SRL', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers SRL', 'attendance quorum', 'same day', 'entertainment shows', 'real time', 'sustainable growth', 'ESG strategy', 'high ratings', 'different agencies', 'Liège', 'global presence', 'Middle East', 'Latin America', '700 team members', 'technical support', 'press release', 'company website', 'public company', 'existing share', 'statutory auditor', 'EVS solutions', 'company shares', '3,726,794 shares', 'RESULTS', 'May', '154 shareholders', 'proxy', 'resolutions', 'discharge', 'Directors', 'allocation', 'profits', 'November', 'balance', 'detachment', 'coupon', 'renewal', 'mandate', 'appointment', 'lack', 'June', 'documents', 'summary', 'votes', 'return', 'emotion', 'news', 'billions', 'viewers', 'footprint', 'dedication', 'business', 'industry', 'commitment', 'Belgium', 'offices', 'Australia', 'Asia', 'Europe', 'North', 'sales', 'training', '100 countries', 'ISIN', 'others', 'part', 'info', 'interview', '12:00']",2025-05-20,2025-05-20,uk.finance.yahoo.com
50784,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-05/65454937-exail-technologies-exail-wins-a-contract-with-the-singapore-navy-for-the-supply-of-multiple-robotic-systems-in-the-field-of-mine-countermeasures-650.htm,EXAIL TECHNOLOGIES: Exail wins a contract with the Singapore Navy for the supply of multiple robotic systems in the field of mine countermeasures,Press release Paris  20 May 2025 As part of the ambitious modernization program of the Republic of Singapore Navy (RSN) mine countermeasures capabilities  Exail has been selected through several,"Press releaseParis  20 May 2025As part of the ambitious modernization program of the Republic of Singapore Navy (RSN) mine countermeasures capabilities  Exail has been selected through several contracts to provide a significant portion of the deliverables for this drone-based solution.The Singapore Navy has been a long-standing and regular partner of the company for several decades. Exail had notably equipped the first-generation mine-hunter ships with its robotic mine clearance solutions and has been supplying expendable underwater drones for several years. This collaboration continues today with the supply of next-generation systems.As part of this program  the Singapore Navy is equipping itself with its own surface drones (USV)  the SWIFT 18 model provided by the local company ST Engineering  Exail's partner in this program. These USVs will integrate various critical systems provided by Exail:High-performance inertial navigation systems;Underwater acoustic positioning systems;Forward-looking sonars (FLS)  an innovative sonar model developed by Exail.The motherships are also equipped with navigation systems provided by Exail.To carry out the mine clearance mission  the USVs will also be equipped with Exail's MIDS systems (Mine Identification and Disposal Systems)  consisting of several dozen robotic systems in total (see the press release published on April 1st 2025 - link)  including:SEASCAN underwater drones for identification missions;Expendable K-STER underwater drones that are destroyed during mine neutralization;UMISOFT control & command software for the MIDS system drones;LARS (Launch and Recovery System) to launch and recover the drones from the USV.As part of the mine clearance missions  the surface drone also has the ability to tow a sonar provided by a leading French company  which will integrate with Exail's navigation and positioning systems integrated into the USV.By providing proven and combat-ready solutions  Exail supports the RSN's mission to secure vital maritime routes while protecting personnel from dangers. With these next-generation systems  the Republic of Singapore Navy will have high-level operational mine clearance capabilities. Exail thus strengthens its partnership with this innovative client and contributes to its forward-thinking approach to mine countermeasures.Several drone systems of these models have already been ordered by other clients  with volumes in the hundreds of units. They will be produced in series at the drone assembly site in Ostend  Belgium  benefiting from industrial volume effects.Beyond the Republic of Singapore Navy  other commercial processes are underway in the Asia-Pacific region for robotic mine countermeasure systems. Negotiations are progressing and could lead to short-term notifications.About Exail TechnologiesExail Technologies is an industrial company specializing in high technologies in the field of autonomous robotics with vertical integration of its activities. The group offers complex systems of drones  navigation  as well as products for aerospace and photonics. Exail Technologies ensures performance  reliability  and security for its civil and military clients operating in harsh environments and generates its revenue in nearly 80 countries.Exail Technologies is listed on Euronext Paris Compartment B (EXA) and is part of the Euronext Tech Leaders segment  which includes over 110 leading or high-growth tech companies in their fields.www.exail-technologies.comContacts : Investors RelationsHugo SoussanTel. +33 (0)1 44 77 94 86h.soussan@ exail-technologies.comAnne-Pauline PetureauxTel. +33 (0)1 53 67 36 72apetureaux@actus.fr Media RelationsManon ClairetTel. +33 (0)1 53 67 36 73mclairet@actus.fr------------------------This publication embed ""Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key:xphpY8aYZGfJlWmeZ5psmWJmbm1pw5Gca2idyWRoZZ3KnJ6TyW+TbpjIZnJinWZn- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.------------------------© Copyright Actusnews WireReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's freeFull and original release in PDF format:https://www.actusnews.com/documents_communiques/ACTUS-0-91811-cp_exail-technologies_commande-singapour_en.pdf",neutral,0.1,0.9,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.28,0.32,True,English,"['multiple robotic systems', 'Singapore Navy', 'mine countermeasures', 'EXAIL TECHNOLOGIES', 'contract', 'supply', 'field', 'high-level operational mine clearance capabilities', 'Euronext Tech Leaders segment', 'Euronext Paris Compartment B', 'robotic mine countermeasure systems', 'robotic mine clearance solutions', 'Expendable K-STER underwater drones', 'several dozen robotic systems', 'Underwater acoustic positioning systems', 'RSN) mine countermeasures capabilities', 'High-performance inertial navigation systems', 'mine clearance missions', 'high-growth tech companies', 'expendable underwater drones', 'first-generation mine-hunter ships', 'vital maritime routes', 'SEASCAN underwater drones', 'various critical systems', 'drone assembly site', 'industrial volume effects', 'other commercial processes', 'next press releases', 'Several drone systems', 'Copyright Actusnews Wire', 'ambitious modernization program', 'MIDS system drones', 'The Singapore Navy', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'innovative sonar model', 'leading French company', 'Mine Identification', 'mine neutralization', 'MIDS systems', 'combat-ready solutions', 'next-generation systems', 'Disposal Systems', 'complex systems', 'surface drone', 'several contracts', 'several decades', 'several years', 'SWIFT 18 model', 'identification missions', 'Recovery System', 'innovative client', 'other clients', 'industrial company', 'significant portion', 'drone-based solution', 'ST Engineering', 'Forward-looking sonars', 'April 1st', 'UMISOFT control', 'command software', 'forward-thinking approach', 'Asia-Pacific region', 'short-term notifications', 'autonomous robotics', 'vertical integration', 'military clients', 'harsh environments', 'Investors Relations', 'Anne-Pauline Petureaux', 'Media Relations', 'Manon Clairet', 'original release', 'PDF format', 'high technologies', 'local company', 'regular partner', 'Hugo Soussan', 'Exail Technologies', '110 leading', '20 May', 'Republic', 'deliverables', 'long', 'standing', 'collaboration', 'supply', 'USV', 'FLS', 'motherships', 'link', 'LARS', 'Launch', 'ability', 'proven', 'personnel', 'dangers', 'partnership', 'models', 'volumes', 'hundreds', 'units', 'series', 'Ostend', 'Belgium', 'Negotiations', 'field', 'activities', 'group', 'products', 'aerospace', 'photonics', 'civil', 'revenue', '80 countries', 'exail-technologies', 'Contacts', 'Tel.', 'apetureaux', 'mclairet', 'publication', 'xphpY8aYZGfJlWmeZ5psmWJmbm1pw5Gca2idyWRoZZ3KnJ6TyW', 'TbpjIZnJinWZn', 'email', 'Full', 'documents', 'communiques', 'singapour']",2025-05-06,2025-05-20,finanznachrichten.de
50785,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.irishexaminer.com/business/companies/arid-41635777.html,Euronext seeks stamp duty exemption on share trades,Stock exchange Euronext Dublin is proposing a stamp duty exemption on the trading of shares in companies with a market valuation of less than €1bn,Stock exchange Euronext Dublin is seeking an exemption to the stamp duty paid when trading shares in companies worth less than €1bn to attract retail investors into the Irish market.This measure was just one of four the exchange has made to the Government in its recent pre-budget submission.Ireland currently applies a 1% stamp duty on the trading of shares  which Euronext said was “disproportionately higher than in other European states”.Euronext Dublin is proposing a stamp duty exemption on the trading of shares in companies with a market valuation of less than €1bn  an increase the lifetime limit for Capital Gains Tax Entrepreneur Relief by a further €1m to a total of €2m  and the establishment an Irish equity market growth fund to provide equity finance to companies listed  or intending to list  on Irish markets.It is also seeking an incentivised savings and investment account scheme for Ireland  offering savers an equity-focused product while creating a new source of finance for scaling enterprises listed on public markets.Euronext Dublin chief executive Daryl Byrne said there was a recognition in the programme for government of the potential of Irish equity capital markets “to support the financing of indigenous enterprise”.“Ireland may have been missing a trick in not supporting more Irish enterprises to access private capital by way of public markets  evidenced by the small number of initial public offerings in Ireland over the past decade ” he said.“At the same time  unlike other EU countries  Ireland lacks ways for retail investors to access equity products. This represents both a serious market failure and a worrying missed opportunity for Ireland.”,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['stamp duty exemption', 'share trades', 'Euronext', 'Capital Gains Tax Entrepreneur Relief', 'Irish equity market growth fund', 'Euronext Dublin chief executive', 'Irish equity capital markets', 'recent pre-budget submission', 'other European states', 'investment account scheme', 'other EU countries', 'serious market failure', 'worrying missed opportunity', 'initial public offerings', 'stamp duty exemption', 'Irish market', 'private capital', 'equity products', 'market valuation', 'public markets', 'equity finance', '1% stamp duty', 'Irish enterprises', 'retail investors', 'lifetime limit', 'incentivised savings', 'equity-focused product', 'new source', 'Daryl Byrne', 'indigenous enterprise', 'small number', 'past decade', 'same time', 'Stock exchange', 'shares', 'companies', 'measure', 'Government', 'Ireland', 'trading', 'total', 'establishment', 'savers', 'scaling', 'recognition', 'programme', 'potential', 'financing', 'trick', 'way']",2025-05-20,2025-05-20,irishexaminer.com
50786,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2025-05/65449134-societe-generale-launches-a-new-global-employee-share-ownership-programme-399.htm,Société Générale launches a new global employee share ownership programme,SOCIETE GENERALE LAUNCHES A NEW GLOBAL EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PROGRAMME Press release Paris  20 May 2025 Societe Generale confirms the launch of a new global employee share ownership,"SOCIETE GENERALE LAUNCHES A NEW GLOBAL EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PROGRAMMEPressreleaseParis  20 May 2025Societe Generale confirms the launch of a new global employee share ownership programme allowing eligible employees and retired former employees of the Group to subscribe for a capital increase reserved for them on preferential terms. The subscription period for the share offer will take place from 2 to 16 June (inclusive).The settlement-delivery of the shares should take place on 24 July 2025.The terms of this transaction are described in the information document provided below.This transaction implements the 27th resolution of the General Meeting held on 22 May 2024. The principle of this operation  approved by the Board of Directors on 5 February 2025  was made public in page 15 of the Board of Directors' report on the resolutions submitted to the General Meeting of 20 May 2025 and  before that  in the table of financial authorisations provided in section 3.1.7 of the Universal Registration Document dated 12 March 2025 which has been updated  on pages 58 to 59 of the Convening Brochure  relating to the General Meeting of 20 May 2025  which was published on 14 April 2025.Employee share ownership is a long-term collective commitment mechanism regularly implemented within Societe Generale to involve employees in the development of the company and to enable them to benefit from long-term value creation.The 2025 programme is the 32nd offered by the Group.Press contacts:Jean-Baptiste Froville_+33 1 58 98 68 00_ jean-baptiste.froville@socgen.comFanny Rouby_+33 1 57 29 11 12_ fanny.rouby@socgen.com20 May 2025INFORMATION DOCUMENTPROVIDED FOR EMPLOYEES AND RETIRED FORMER EMPLOYEESOF THE SOCIETE GENERALE GROUPPERTAINING TO A CAPITAL INCREASE IN CASH TARGETING A MAXIMUM OF 12 044 800 SHARES RESERVED FOR ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEES AND RETIRED FORMER EMPLOYEES PARTICIPATING IN SOCIETE GENERALE GROUP COMPANYOR GROUP SAVINGS PLANS2025 GROUP EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PROGRAMME (2025 GESOP)This information document is available at Societe Generale's administrative office (17 cours Valmy - 92972 Paris-La Défense Cedex)  on its website and its intranet site  and was covered by a press release dated 20 May 2025.This document is prepared in accordance with the prospectus publication exemptions provided for in Article 1.4°(i) and Article 1.5°(h) of Prospectus Regulation (EU) No. 2017/1129. It constitutes the document required to meet the conditions for exemption from publication of a prospectus as defined by said Prospectus Regulation  directly applicable in the domestic law of each Member State of the European Union.MAIN CHARACTERISTICS OF THE CAPITAL INCREASE IN CASH RESERVED FOR ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEES AND RETIRED FORMER EMPLOYEES PARTICIPATING IN SOCIETE GENERALE GROUP COMPANY OR GROUP SAVINGS PLANSISSUER Societe Generale French public limited company (société anonyme) Share capital: EUR 1 000 395 971.25Registered office: 29  boulevard Haussmann - 75009 PARISParis Trade and Companies Register No. 552 120 222Euronext Paris - Compartment AOrdinary share ISIN code: FR0000130809Share admitted to Deferred Settlement Service Securities offered The maximum overall nominal amount of the capital increase is set at EUR 15 056 000  corresponding to the issue of 12 044 800 shares available for subscription in cash.The capital increase is sub-divided into two (2) tranches using separate investment vehicles  respectively accessible to separate entities or groups of entities.The Societe Generale shares to be issued will be of the same class and will be equivalent to Societe Generale shares already admitted to trading on Euronext Paris (Compartment A). Reasons for the offer The 2025 Group Employee Share Ownership Programme falls within the scope of the Societe Generale Group employee share ownership policy  both in France and internationally  allowing beneficiaries to become involved in the Group's operations by participating  through this investment  in the development of Societe Generale  by expressing their voting rights and participating in the General Meeting. Terms of subscription The shares will be available for subscription through employee mutual fund (""FCPE"") in France and directly via the acquisition of registered shares outside France.Method for determining the subscription priceThe subscription price of EUR 35.76 is equal to the arithmetic average of the 20 (twenty) volume-weighted average prices recorded each day on the Euronext Paris regulated stock market at the end of each of the 20 (twenty) trading sessions preceding the morning of 19 May 2025 (date of the decision of the Chief Executive Officer  setting the subscription period and the subscription price and acting on the sub-delegation of the Board of Directors at its meeting of 5 February 2025 using the authorization granted to the Board by the twenty-seven resolution of the Combined General Meeting of 22 May 2024)  with the application of a 20% discount.Duration of subscription periodThe subscription period will begin on Monday 2nd June 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (Paris time) and will end on Monday 16th June 2025 at 11:59 p.m. (Paris time). Terms of subscription for sharesThe first (1st) tranche is subscribed through the Employee Mutual Funds under Company or Group Savings Plans. The second (2nd) tranche is directly subscribed by employees under the International Group Savings Plan.Beneficiaries of the offerThis offer is reserved for employees with seniority of at least three (3) months  holding an employment contract in effect at the end of the subscription period  broken down as follows: for the 1 st tranche  the beneficiaries of the Societe Generale Company Savings Plan and the Group Savings Plan;tranche  the beneficiaries of the Societe Generale Company Savings Plan and the Group Savings Plan; for the 2nd tranche  the beneficiaries of the International Group Savings Plan. As regards the first tranche  former employees having left their company after retiring  with this category including pre-retirees  and having retained assets in the Company or Group Savings Plans  may also take part in this reserved capital increase. Subscription limitIn accordance with Article L. 3332-10 of the French Labour Code  the total amount of payments made by Beneficiaries (including payments into other Savings Plans) may not exceed 25% of their gross annual remuneration received during the year of subscription or  for Beneficiaries whose employment contract is suspended and who received no remuneration for the year of subscription  25% of the annual limit provided for in Article L. 241-3 of the French Social Security Code. At its meeting of 5 February 2025  the Board of Directors decided that the total amount of a given Beneficiary's individual subscription (which may consist of a voluntary payment  including the transfer of available assets  as well as the net amounts of profit-sharing and employer matching contribution (not applicable to retirees)) may not exceed EUR 20 000.Employer matching contributionEmployer matching contribution rules are specific to each Company or Group Savings Plan and each participating entity. Transaction timetable Subscription will be open from Monday 2nd June 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (Paris time) to Monday 16th June 2025 at 11:59 p.m. (Paris time). The capital increase is scheduled for 24 July 2025. Listing of new shares Listing marketSociete Generale shares are listed on Euronext Paris (deferred settlement service  continuous trading group A  ISIN code FR0000130809). Listing of new sharesThe listing of the new shares on Euronext Paris will be requested immediately after the completion of the capital increase (the listing should be effective on or around 29 July 2025). General information on new shares subject to a request for admission to tradingRights attached to shares issuedAs soon as they are created  the new shares will be subject to all the provisions of the Issuer's Articles of Association and will bear dividends rights as of 1 January 2025. As a result  they will be fully assimilated with the existing shares and will entitle the shareholders of a public limited company to the associated legal prerogatives. In particular  they will entitle shareholders to ownership of the company's assets and the liquidation surplus  in a proportion equal to the percentage of share capital they represent. Similarly  the dividend is distributed to shareholders in proportion to their shareholding.A double voting right  in proportion to the capital represented  is allocated to all fully paid-up shares registered in the name of the same shareholder  for at least two years  as well as to new registered shares granted free of charge to a shareholder  in the event of a capital increase through the incorporation of reserves  profits or issue premiums  in respect of shares entitled thereto.In accordance with Article L. 214-165 II  paragraph 3  of the French Monetary and Financial Code  the voting rights attached to Societe Generale shares subscribed via the FCPE will be exclusively exercised individually by the unitholders of said FCPE and  for fractional units  by the supervisory board of said FCPE.In the event of a public purchase or exchange offer  the supervisory board of the FCPE decide  based on the relative majority of the votes cast  whether or not to tender Societe Generale shares to the offer. If there is no relative majority  the decision is put to the vote of the unitholders  who decide based on the relative majority of the votes cast.Marketability of sharesNo clauses in the Articles of Association limit the free marketability of the shares comprising Societe Generale's capital.Only the rules below governing the unavailability of shares under a Company or Group Savings Plan will limit the marketability of said shares. Unavailability Shares held directly by the Beneficiaries and units of the employee mutual fund  as applicable  will be unavailable for a period of 5 years  barring cases of early release subject to the conditions applicable to the Company or Group Savings Plan in question. As regards the 2nd tranche  in some countries  depending on local legislation  some cases of early release will not be open to employees. Specific disclaimer for international subscriptions This document constitutes neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation to subscribe for Societe Generale shares. The Societe Generale share offer reserved for eligible current employees and retired former employees participating in Societe Generale Group Company or Group Savings Plans will only be implemented in countries where such an offer has been registered with the relevant local authorities and/or with the approval of a prospectus by the competent local authorities  or in consideration of an exemption from the obligation to establish a prospectus or register the offer. More generally  the offer will only be made in countries where all required registration procedures and/or notifications have been made and the proper authorisations obtained  except for the exemptions mentioned above. This document is not intended for countries in which such a prospectus would not have been approved or such an exemption would not be available  or in which all required registration and/or notification procedures have not yet been made or the proper authorisations obtained  and copies of this document should not be sent in such countries.With respect to the United States of America in particular  the shares referred to in this document have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the ""Securities Act"") and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or exemption from registration in accordance with the Securities Act. Societe Generale does not intend to register the offer  in part or in whole  in the United States  or to make public share offers in the United States. The shares will be offered only for transactions benefiting from an exemption from registration.Due to the sanctions imposed by the European Union  this offer is not open to citizens or residents of Russia who do not have a residence permit in or are not nationals of a European Union country  of a country member of the European Economic Area or of Switzerland  or to citizens or residents or Belarus who do not have a residence permit in or are not nationals of a European Union country. Employee contact Beneficiaries may address any questions relating to this offer to the contact indicated in the subscription application provided to them.Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is a top tier European Bank with around 119 000 employees serving more than 26 million clients in 62 countries across the world. We have been supporting the development of our economies for 160 years  providing our corporate  institutional  and individual clients with a wide array of value-added advisory and financial solutions. Our long-lasting and trusted relationships with the clients  our cutting-edge expertise  our unique innovation  our ESG capabilities and leading franchises are part of our DNA and serve our most essential objective - to deliver sustainable value creation for all our stakeholders.The Group runs three complementary sets of businesses  embedding ESG offerings for all its clients:French Retail  Private Banking and Insurance   with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank.  with leading retail bank SG and insurance franchise  premium private banking services  and the leading digital bank BoursoBank. Global Banking and Investor Solutions  a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG.a top tier wholesale bank offering tailored-made solutions with distinctive global leadership in equity derivatives  structured finance and ESG. Mobility  International Retail Banking and Financial Services  comprising well-established universal banks (in Czech Republic  Romania and several African countries)  Ayvens (the new ALD I LeasePlan brand)  a global player in sustainable mobility  as well as specialized financing activities.Committed to building together with its clients a better and sustainable future  Societe Generale aims to be a leading partner in the environmental transition and sustainability overall. The Group is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of the Group News page on societegenerale.comwebsite where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document's legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter/X @societegeneraleor visit our website societegenerale.com.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['new global employee share ownership programme', 'Société Générale', 'NEW GLOBAL EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PROGRAMME', 'Societe Generale Group employee share ownership policy', 'Compartment A Ordinary share ISIN code', '2025 GROUP EMPLOYEE SHARE OWNERSHIP PROGRAMME', 'Euronext Paris regulated stock market', '92972 Paris-La Défense Cedex', 'Deferred Settlement Service Securities', 'long-term collective commitment mechanism', 'French public limited company', 'maximum overall nominal amount', '20 (twenty) volume-weighted average prices', 'SOCIETE GENERALE GROUP PERTAINING', 'SOCIETE GENERALE GROUP COMPANY', 'RETIRED FORMER EMPLOYEES PARTICIPATING', 'employee mutual fund', 'The Societe Generale shares', 'SOCIETE GENERALE LAUNCHES', 'ISSUER Societe Generale', 'long-term value creation', '20 (twenty) trading sessions', 'société anonyme', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Companies Register No.', 'Universal Registration Document', 'separate investment vehicles', 'Combined General Meeting', 'prospectus publication exemptions', 'The 2025 programme', 'Share capital', 'share offer', 'arithmetic average', 'Paris Trade', 'eligible employees', 'capital increase', '27th resolution', 'financial authorisations', 'Convening Brochure', 'Press contacts', 'SAVINGS PLANS', 'administrative office', 'cours Valmy', 'intranet site', 'press release', 'Prospectus Regulation', 'domestic law', 'Member State', 'European Union', 'MAIN CHARACTERISTICS', 'Registered office', 'boulevard Haussmann', 'two (2) tranches', 'separate entities', 'same class', 'voting rights', 'twenty-seven resolution', 'registered shares', 'information document', 'subscription period', 'subscription price', 'Jean-Baptiste Froville', 'Fanny Rouby', 'preferential terms', ""Directors' report"", '12,044,800 SHARES', 'Pressrelease', '20 May', 'place', '2 to', '16 June', 'settlement-delivery', '24 July', 'transaction', '22 May', 'principle', 'operation', 'Board', '5 February', 'page', 'resolutions', 'table', 'section', 'March', '14 April', 'development', 'socgen', 'CASH', '25 GESOP', 'website', 'accordance', 'Article', 'conditions', 'groups', 'Reasons', 'scope', 'France', 'beneficiaries', 'FCPE', 'acquisition', 'Method', 'end', 'morning', '19 May', 'date', 'decision', 'sub-delegation', 'authorization', 'application', '20% discount', 'Duration']",2025-05-06,2025-05-20,finanznachrichten.de
