UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
45772,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-extraordinary-general-meeting-senzime-113000151.html,Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting in Senzime AB (publ),"UPPSALA  SWEDEN / ACCESSWIRE / September 27  2024 / The shareholders in Senzime AB (publ)(STO:SEZI)(OTCQX:SNZZF) corp. reg. no 556565-5734 (the ""Company"") are hereby convened to an extraordinary general meeting on 23 October 2024 at 10.","UPPSALA  SWEDEN / ACCESSWIRE / September 27  2024 / The shareholders in Senzime AB (publ)(STO:SEZI)(OTCQX:SNZZF) corp. reg. no 556565-5734 (the ""Company"") are hereby convened to an extraordinary general meeting on 23 October 2024 at 10.00 at Advokatfirman Lindahl's premises on Vaksalagatan 10 in Uppsala.Notice etc.Shareholders who wish to participate in the general meeting must:- be registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB on Tuesday 15 October 2024 (the record date)  and- notify his or her intention to attend the general meeting to the Company no later than Friday 18 October 2024  by mail to Advokatfirman Lindahl KB  Att: Michaela Larsson  Box 1203  751 42 Uppsala stating ""general meeting"" or by e-mail to michaela.larsson@lindahl.se.Such notification shall include the shareholder's name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address and telephone number  number of shares  details on advisors (no more than two)  if any  and  where applicable  details of representatives or proxies.Nominee-registered sharesShareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee through a bank or other trustee must  in addition to notify his or her intention to attend the general meeting  register their shares in their own name so that the shareholder is included in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden on 15 October 2024. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration) and shall be requested by shareholders in such time and in accordance with the routines that the nominee determines. Voting rights registrations that have been completed by the nominee no later than 17October 2024 will be considered in the preparation of the share register.ProxyShareholders represented by proxy must submit a dated power of attorney. If the power of attorney is executed by a legal person  a certified copy of the certificate of registration or equivalent must be attached. The power of attorney may not be valid for a period exceeding five years from its issuance. The original power of attorney and certificate of registration should be submitted to the Company by mail at the address mentioned above in due time prior to the general meeting. Alternatively  the original power of attorney and certificate of registration may be brought and presented at the general meeting. The Company provides a power of attorney form at request and on the Company's website  www.senzime.com.Number of shares and votesAs of the date of this notice  there are a total of 119 705 523 shares and votes in the Company.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the general meeting and election of chairman of the general meeting2. Preparation and approval of the voting list3. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes4. Approval of the agenda5. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened6. Resolution on the approval of the board of directors' resolution on a directed share issue7. Closing of the general meetingProposals to resolutionsItem 1 - Election of chairman of the general meetingThe nomination committee proposes that Mattias Prage  lawyer at Advokatfirman Lindahl KB  is elected as chairman of the general meeting or  in his absence  the person otherwise appointed by the board of directors.Item 6 - Resolution on the approval of the board of directors' resolution on a directed share issueOn 27 September 2024 the board resolved  subject to approval by the general meeting  on a directed share issue on the terms and conditions set out below (in italics). The board proposes that the general meeting approves the board's resolution.Subject to approval by the extraordinary general meeting  the board of directors of Senzime AB (publ)  corp. reg. no. 556565-5734 (the ""Company"") resolves to carry out a directed issue of maximum 1 104 000 new shares  entailing an increase in the share capital of maximum SEK 138 000. The resolution shall further be governed by the following terms and conditions.The right to subscribe for new shares shall  with deviation from the shareholders pre-emption rights  belong only to the following persons and in accordance with the specified allocationName Number of shares Adam Dahlberg 700 000 Sorin J. Brull 404 000The reasons for deviating from the shareholders' preferential rights are that the board of directors has assessed that it would not be doable to in a time- and cost-effective manner successfully carry out rights issue on terms favorable to the Company  at the same time as the Company is in need of capital. The board of directors considers it favorable for the Company and the shareholders to take advantage of the opportunity to inject new capital from strong and reputable investors on attractive terms and in a time and cost-effective manner. The board of directors' overall assessment is that the reasons for carrying out the new share issue with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights overweigh the principal rule that new share issues shall be carried out with preferential rights for existing shareholders  and that a new issue with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is therefore in the interest of the Company and its shareholders. Subscription of shares shall be made either by payment or on a subscription list not later than October28  2024. The board of directors shall have the right to extend the subscription period. Payment for subscribed shares shall be made not later than October 28  2024 (same date as the subscription). The board of directors shall have the right to extend the payment period. The new shares are issued at a price of SEK 6.20 per share. At full subscription  the Company will thus receive SEK 6 844 800 (before issuing costs). The share premium shall be transferred to the unrestricted premium reserve. The subscription price corresponds to the price used at re-transfer to investors pursuant to the resolution to issueshares in Appendix 3. The board of director's assessment is that the price is at market terms  since it is based on the market price at the time of the board's resolution. The new shares entitle to dividends for the first time on the first record date for dividend that take place after the issue of new shares has been registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and been recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB. The Managing Director is entitled to make any minor changes necessary for the registration of the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office and Euroclear Sweden AB.Majority requirementsA Resolution in accordance with item 6 above requires  for its validity  support from shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths of both the shares voted and of the shares represented at the general meeting.Processing of personal dataFor information regarding the processing of your personal data  please refer to https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfThe shareholders' right to information at the general meetingThe board of directors and the CEO shall  up request by any shareholder  and where the board of directors deems that such information may be provided without significant harm to the Company  provide information in respect of any circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda or the Company's financial position as well as the Company's relationship to other group companies. Shareholders can submit questions in advance to the Company  to the address Verkstadsgatan 8  753 23 Uppsala or through e-mail to Slavoljub.Grujicic@senzime.com.DocumentsDocuments according to the Swedish Companies Act will be held available at the Company (Verkstadsgatan 8  Uppsala) and at the Company's website  www.senzime.com  no later than three weeks before the meeting  i.e.  no later than 2October2024. The documents will also be sent  without charge  to shareholders who so request and inform the Company of their postal address.Uppsala in September2024Senzime AB (publ)The board of directorsFor further information  please contact:Philip Siberg  CEO of Senzime ABPhone: +46 (0) 707 90 67 34  e-mail: philip.siberg@senzime.comSlavoljub Grujicic  CFOPhone: +46 (0) 76 306 60 11  e-mail: slavoljub.grujicic@senzime.comAbout SenzimeSenzime  headquartered in Sweden  is a leading medical device company that develops  manufactures  and markets CE- and FDA-cleared patient monitoring systems. The company provides an innovative portfolio of solutions  including the TetraGraph® and ExSpiron® 2Xi for accurate monitoring of neuromuscular and respiratory functions  typically under and after surgery. The goal is to help eliminate in-hospital complications  and radically reduce health care costs related to surgical and high acuity procedures.Senzime targets a market opportunity valued more than SEK 40 billion per year  and operates with sales teams in the world's leading markets. The company's shares are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm Main Market (Nasdaq: SEZI) and cross-traded in the US on the OTCQX market (OTCQX: SNZZF). More information is available at senzime.com.This information is information that Senzime is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out above  at 2024-09-27 13:00 CEST.AttachmentsNotice of Extraordinary General Meeting in Senzime AB (publ)SOURCE: Senzime",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.35,0.23,0.42,True,English,"['Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Senzime AB', 'Notice', 'Sorin J. Brull', 'Voting rights registrations', 'personal identification number', 'Advokatfirman Lindahl KB', 'new share issues', ""directors' overall assessment"", 'extraordinary general meeting', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'corporate registration number', ""shareholders' preferential rights"", 'maximum 1,104,000 new shares', 'voting list', 'rights issue', 'maximum SEK', 'new capital', 'share register', 'Senzime AB', 'OTCQX:SNZZF', 'corp. reg', 'Michaela Larsson', 'michaela.larsson', 'Such notification', 'telephone number', 'other trustee', 'certified copy', 'five years', 'two persons', 'nomination committee', 'Mattias Prage', 'following persons', 'Adam Dahlberg', 'cost-effective manner', 'reputable investors', 'principal rule', 'existing sharehol', 'share capital', 'Such registration', 'record date', 'dated power', 'legal person', 'original power', 'due time', 'following terms', 'same time', 'attractive terms', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'Tuesday 15 October', 'Name Number', 'attorney form', ""directors' resolution"", '119,705,523 shares', 'UPPSALA', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'September', 'SEZI', 'Company', 'premises', 'Vaksalagatan', 'Notice', 'intention', 'Friday', 'mail', 'Box', 'address', 'details', 'advisors', 'representatives', 'proxies', 'bank', 'addition', 'accordance', 'routines', '17October', 'preparation', 'Proxy', 'certificate', 'equivalent', 'period', 'issuance', 'request', 'website', 'votes', 'total', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'board', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'resolutions', 'Item', 'lawyer', 'absence', 'conditions', 'italics', 'publ', 'increase', 'deviation', 'allocation', 'reasons', 'need', 'advantage', 'opportunity', 'strong']",2024-09-27,2024-09-27,finance.yahoo.com
45773,Clearstream,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1108723510/VSJ-Ventures-LTD-Launches-Asset-Backed-Fixed-Income-Bonds,VSJ Ventures LTD Launches Asset-Backed Fixed Income Bonds,Vishal Singh Jain VSJ Ventures LTD +1 832-293-8672 ...ures Visit us on social media: LinkedIn,"(MENAFN- EIN Presswire)Vishal Singh JainWorld's First Hybrid High Yield – Private Placement Dual Listed on European ExchangesVSJ Ventures LTD (ISIN:CH1329443308:WKN:A3LU7D)- Vishal Singh JainTORONTO  ONTARIO  CANADA  September 27  2024 /EINPresswire / -- VSJ Ventures LTD announces the launch of its asset-backed fixed-income bonds  offering investors Stable and High-Yield returns. These Secured Fixed-Income Bonds  rated A (minus) by Egan-Jones  are listed on multiple European Exchanges and deliver a 10.25 percent annual coupon rate.Designed to minimize systemic risk while delivering reliable income streams  the bonds are backed by robust assets and reinsured by A+ rated underwriters.Investment Philosophy1. Focus on Sustainable InvestmentsVSJ Ventures LTD is committed to investing in companies that drive positive change. It focuses on sustainable real estate  infrastructure  electric vehicles (EVs)  and special situations investing.2. Rigorous Due DiligenceWe meticulously conduct due diligence  ensuring that all investments meet our stringent criteria for quality  risk management  and potential returns.3. Forward-Looking StrategyOur forward-looking strategy pinpoints high-potential investments that align with emerging market trends  driving sustainable growth and long-term value.CEO Vishal Singh Jain highlighted the company's innovative approach:“Our World's First Hybrid High Yield Private Placement  Listed on Multiple European Exchanges  reflects our core philosophy of 'Preserve  Grow  Repeat.' We prioritize capital protection and stable income  positioning us as leaders in identifying and unlocking value in emerging trends across global markets.”VSJ Investment Highlights:.Asset-Backed Securities (ABS) – Asset Coverage Ratio 1.5X.High Yield 10.25% Per Annum.Institutional Investment Grade (A- Rating by Egan Jones).Non-Market Co-Related Risk.Listed on 3 European Exchanges.Systemic Risks covered by Re-insurance ( AM Best A or Better )VSJ's Strategic Approach to Investment:VSJ Ventures LTD follows a disciplined capital deployment policy that requires each investment to have asset backing of at least 150% of the committed capital.“Our diversified portfolio strategy ensures consistent returns for our bondholders ” said Brent Borchert  Director of VSJ Ventures LTD.“We are committed to safeguarding principal and coupon payments while aligning with our broader strategic initiatives  including risk mitigation and capital allocation.”Benefits for Investors:.Diversified Investments..High Stable Returns: Enjoy predictable returns of 10.25% per annum..Liquidity in Secondary Markets: Easy access to secondary markets ensures flexibility for investors..Capital Protection: Investments are secured by asset backing  safeguarding your principal..Expert Management: Managed by seasoned professionals with a proven track record in investment management.About VSJ Ventures LTD:Incorporated in 2023  VSJ Ventures LTD is driven by a mission to invest in companies that catalyze positive global change.How to Invest:VSJ Ventures LTD's Medium-Term Notes (MTNs)  ISIN CH1329443308  can be purchased via Banks and Brokers connected to Clearstream  SIX SIS AG  XETRA  or directly through the Frankfurt and Vienna Stock Exchanges.1.Frankfurt Exchange – View Listing on the Frankfurt Exchange2.Vienna Exchange – View Listing on the Vienna ExchangeBond Capital House GmbH (BCH) has facilitated the transaction as a Paying and Listing Agent. The Bond is eligible for clearing and settlement on Clearstream and SIX SIS.For a one-page summary of the investment opportunity:View the One-Page Investment SummaryFurther information is available at URL:Media Contact:VSJ Ventures LTD  Attn: Media Relations  401 Bay Street  Suite 2702  Toronto  ON  M5H 2Y4  Canada.Asia | Middle East | Africa | EuropeVishal Singh JainM. +1 (832) 293 8672...ures.United States | CanadaBrent J. BorchertM. +1 (310) 991 8635...uresDisclaimer:Under no circumstances should the content of this Press Release be used or considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy securities. Any such offer or solicitation can and will be made only by means of the appropriate offering materials  only in jurisdictions in which such an offer would be lawful  and only to individuals who meet the investor suitability and sophistication requirements set forth in such materials. Access to such materials is similarly limited to individuals who meet the applicable investor suitability and sophistication requirements.#VSJVenturesLTD #HighYieldBonds #Bonds #FixedIncome #AlternateInvestments #HNI #UHNI #Canada #PrivatePlacement #Switzerland # CH1329443308 # A3LU7DVishal Singh JainVSJ Ventures LTD+1 832-293-8672...uresVisit us on social media:LinkedInLegal Disclaimer:EIN Presswire provides this news content ""as is"" without warranty of any kind. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the accuracy  content  images  videos  licenses  completeness  legality  or reliability of the information contained in this article. If you have any complaints or copyright issues related to this article  kindly contact the author above.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.37,0.24,True,English,"['Asset-Backed Fixed Income Bonds', 'VSJ Ventures LTD', 'First Hybrid High Yield Private Placement', 'Vienna ExchangeBond Capital House GmbH', '10.25 percent annual coupon rate', 'disciplined capital deployment policy', 'Vishal Singh Jain World', 'CEO Vishal Singh Jain', 'Sustainable InvestmentsVSJ Ventures LTD', 'One-Page Investment SummaryFurther information', 'Vishal Singh JainTORONTO', 'EuropeVishal Singh JainM.', 'A+ rated underwriters', 'sustainable real estate', 'proven track record', 'CanadaBrent J. BorchertM', 'Vienna Stock Exchanges', 'reliable income streams', 'Rigorous Due DiligenceWe', 'broader strategic initiatives', 'Enjoy predictable returns', 'Asset Coverage Ratio', 'Secured Fixed-Income Bonds', 'Institutional Investment Grade', 'Non-Market Co-Related Risk', 'High Stable Returns', 'multiple European Exchanges', 'VSJ Investment Highlights', 'emerging market trends', 'diversified portfolio strategy', 'SIX SIS AG', 'applicable investor suitability', 'asset-backed fixed-income bonds', 'appropriate offering materials', 'positive global change', '3 European Exchanges', 'positive change', 'sustainable growth', 'emerging trends', 'coupon payments', 'one-page summary', 'capital protection', 'committed capital', 'capital allocation', 'forward-looking strategy', 'stable income', 'global markets', 'Strategic Approach', 'High-Yield returns', 'potential returns', 'consistent returns', 'asset backing', 'systemic risk', 'Investment Philosophy', 'risk management', 'risk mitigation', 'investment management', 'investment opportunity', 'HighYieldBonds #Bonds', 'robust assets', 'electric vehicles', 'special situations', 'stringent criteria', 'innovative approach', 'core philosophy', 'Asset-Backed Securities', 'A- Rating', 'Egan Jones', 'Brent Borchert', 'Diversified Investments', 'Secondary Markets', 'Expert Management', 'seasoned professionals', 'Medium-Term Notes', 'View Listing', 'Listing Agent', 'The Bond', 'Media Contact', 'Media Relations', '401 Bay Street', 'M5H 2Y', 'Middle East', 'United States', 'Press Release', 'sophistication requirements', 'social media', 'Legal Disclaimer', 'copyright issues', 'Frankfurt Exchange', 'high-potential investments', 'long-term value', 'Easy access', 'EIN Presswire', 'UHNI #Canada', 'news content', 'MENAFN', 'ISIN', 'WKN', 'ONTARIO', 'September', 'EINPresswire', 'launch', 'investors', 'Egan-Jones', 'Focus', 'companies', 'infrastructure', 'EVs', 'quality', 'company', 'Preserve', 'Repeat', 'leaders', 'ABS', 'Annum', 'Re-insurance', 'bondholders', 'Director', 'principal', 'Benefits', 'Liquidity', 'flexibility', 'mission', 'MTNs', 'Banks', 'Brokers', 'Clearstream', 'XETRA', 'BCH', 'transaction', 'Paying', 'clearing', 'settlement', 'URL', 'Attn', 'Suite', 'Asia', 'Africa', 'circumstances', 'solicitation', 'means', 'jurisdictions', 'individuals', 'VSJVenturesLTD', 'FixedIncome', 'AlternateInvestments', 'PrivatePlacement', 'Switzerland', 'A3LU7D', 'LinkedIn', 'warranty', 'kind', 'responsibility', 'liability', 'accuracy', 'images', 'videos', 'licenses', 'completeness', 'legality', 'article', 'complaints', '270']",2024-09-27,2024-09-27,menafn.com
45774,Clearstream,Bing API,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/eqs-news-notice-of-extraordinary-general-meeting-of-shareholders-of-multitude-p-l-c-1033803112,EQS-News: Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of Multitude P.L.C.,Notice for the Malta Stock Exchange (as issuer CSD): Aggregated attendance notifications and proxy data processed by and received from Clearstream must be sent by the Malta Stock Exchange to the Company by email at agm@multitude.com not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the Meeting and in default shall not be treated as valid.,EQS-News: Multitude P.L.C. / Key word(s): AGM/EGMNotice of Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of Multitude P.L.C.27.09.2024 / 11:00 CET/CESTThe issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.MULTITUDE P.L.C. (C 109441) ST Business Centre  120  The Strand Gzira  GZR 1027 Malta NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS OF MULTITUDE P.L.C. Notice is given to the shareholders of Multitude P.L.C. (previously Multitude SE) (“Company” and/or “Multitude”) that an Extraordinary General Meeting of the shareholders of the Company is to be held on 23 October 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST / Finnish time) (the “Meeting”). The Meeting will be held at the offices of Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd  Eteläesplanadi 14  Helsinki  Finland. Instructions for participation are provided in section 3 of this notice. The Meeting is being convened following the transfer of the Company’s registered office from Finland to Malta in accordance with Article 8 of the Council Regulation (EC) No 2157/2001 of 8 October 2001 on the Statute for a European company (SE) on 30 June 2024  in order to adopt the Company’s final accounts as required pursuant to Section 11 of the Finnish European Companies Act (742/2004  as amended) (the “Finnish European Companies Act”) and to make certain related resolutions. Accordingly  for the purposes of Section 11 of the Finnish European Companies Act  the Meeting is deemed to be a meeting of shareholders (in Finnish: “osakkeenomistajien kokous”). The Meeting will be conducted in the English language and will be held in person. 1 MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE MEETING At the Meeting  the following matters will be considered: General: Opening of the Meeting and appointment of chairman The appointment of the chairman shall be carried out in terms of article 59 of the Company’s articles of association (the “Articles”). Quorum In terms of article 56 of the Articles at least one (1) shareholder  present in person or by proxy  entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting shall constitute a quorum. Calling the Meeting to Order Election of Persons to Scrutinise the Minutes and to Supervise the Counting of Votes Recording the Legality of the Meeting Recording the Attendance at the Meeting and Adoption of the List of Votes Special business (ordinary resolutions): Presentation and approval of the Final Accounts Pursuant to Section 11  Subsection 1 of the Finnish European Companies Act  the board of directors and the chief executive officer of a European company transferring its registered office from Finland must prepare final accounts as soon as possible after the transfer. The final accounts must include the financial statements and the board of directors’ report for the period for which financial statements have not yet been presented at the shareholders’ general meeting. The Company’s board of directors (the “Board”) has approved the Company’s final accounts including the financial statements and the board of directors’ report for the period running from 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024 (the “Final Accounts”). The Final Accounts are available on the Company’s website at www.multitude.com. The Board proposes that the Meeting resolves to adopt the Final Accounts. Resolution on Discharging the Members of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer from Liability Insofar as permitted under the Maltese Companies Act (chapter 386 of the laws of Malta)  and in line with Finnish market practice  the Board proposes that the Meeting resolves to discharge the members of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company (the “CEO”) from liability for the period covered by the Final Accounts (i.e.  while the Company was still registered in Finland). The discharge of the members of the Board and the CEO from liability is a standard procedure under Finnish law following the approval of financial statements for a particular period. Closing of the Meeting 2 MEETING MATERIALS This notice (which includes the proposals of the Board of Directors relating to the agenda of the Meeting) as well as the Final Accounts and the auditors’ report thereon are available on the Company’s website (www.multitude.com). Such documents will also be (a) sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the Company of their mailing address and (b) made available at the Meeting. The minutes of the Meeting will be made available on the Company’s website no later than one week after the date of the Meeting. 3 PARTICIPATION INSTRUCTIONS IMPORTANT NOTE: THESE INSTRUCTIONS ARE DIFFERENT TO THE INSTRUCTIONS GIVEN IN PREVIOUS GENERAL MEETINGS OF THE COMPANY WHICH WERE HELD WHILE THE COMPANY WAS STILL REGISTERED IN FINLAND. YOU ARE THEREFORE ADVISED TO READ THE INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY AND SEEK ADVICE WHERE NEEDED. YOU ARE ALSO ENCOURAGED TO CONTACT YOUR RESPECTIVE CUSTODIAN / NOMINEE AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. PLEASE SEND AN EMAIL TO agm@multitude.com FOR ANY QUESTIONS YOU MAY HAVE. 3.1 Record date To be entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting (and for the Company to be able to determine the number of votes that may be cast)  shareholders must have been entered in the register of members maintained by Clearstream Banking AG (“Clearstream”) on 23 September 2024. 3.2 Preliminary Shareholders are advised to ask their custodian bank / nominee without delay for the necessary information regarding registration for the Meeting  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions. In any case  shareholders should ensure that all relevant instructions are submitted by their custodian / nominee to Clearstream as soon as possible  within any applicable deadline. Clearstream will process all instructions received and will transmit them to the Malta Stock Exchange (as ‘issuer CSD’). In turn the Malta Stock Exchange will transmit the aggregated instructions to the Company. In terms of the Company’s articles of association  the Company must receive all relevant shareholder instructions from the Malta Stock Exchange (as ‘issuer CSD’) no later than 10:00 a.m. (EEST / Finnish time) on 21 October 2024  and any instructions submitted to the Company after this deadline shall not be treated as valid. Accordingly  shareholders are encouraged to reach out to the respective custodians / nominees as soon as possible in order to ensure that their respective instructions are submitted to Clearstream within any applicable deadline. The Meeting will be held in person at the address indicated above. Shareholders and proxy representatives who wish to attend the Meeting will therefore be required to follow the Meeting registration requirements and will be required to make their own arrangements to attend the Meeting. 3.3 Participation in person Shareholders who wish to attend and vote at the Meeting in person must notify their intention to their respective custodians / nominees as soon as possible. Custodians / nominees will in turn be required to notify shareholders’ intention to participate at the Meeting by electronic instruction to Clearstream as soon as possible and in line with any deadlines that may be imposed by Clearstream  which instructions must be delivered in terms of Clearstream’s existing procedures. Custodians/nominees may request shareholders’ full names  passport numbers/company registration numbers (or similar)  full addresses  date of birth and daytime telephone number  number of shares in the Company  as well as  if applicable  details of proxies. Information submitted in connection with the notification will be computerised and used exclusively for the Meeting. 3.4 Proxy representatives A shareholder  who is entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting  is also entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend and vote on such shareholder’s behalf. A proxy does not need to be a shareholder. The appointment of a proxy must be in writing and (a) where the shareholder is an individual  be signed by him/her or (b) where the shareholder is a corporation  be signed by a duly authorised officer of the corporation. The proxy form to be used by shareholders is available on the Company’s website: www.multitude.com. Proxy forms must clearly indicate whether the proxy is to vote as she/he wishes or in accordance with the voting instructions sheet attached to the proxy form. Shareholders are advised that by submitting voting instructions they will effectively be voting in advance. The signed proxy form and  where the shareholder is a corporation  a certified copy of a certificate of registration  constitutive documents or similar document evidencing the signatory right of the officer signing the proxy form  must be submitted to each shareholder’s respective custodian / nominee as soon as possible. Custodians / nominees will in turn be required to deliver shareholders’ proxy data to Clearstream as soon as possible  within any applicable deadline  which data must be delivered in terms of Clearstream’s existing procedures. Shareholders are  therefore  encouraged to send or deliver their proxy forms (and  if applicable certified copies of certificates of registration or similar) as soon as possible. Notice for the Malta Stock Exchange (as issuer CSD): Aggregated attendance notifications and proxy data processed by and received from Clearstream must be sent by the Malta Stock Exchange to the Company by email at agm@multitude.com not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the Meeting and in default shall not be treated as valid. 3.5 Right to ask questions Each shareholder (or proxy holder) shall have the right to ask questions which are pertinent and related to items on the agenda of the Meeting to the Company by e-mail to agm@multitude.com by not later than 16 October 2024 by 23:59 (EEST / Finnish time). An answer to a question will not be given in those cases specified in article 70 of the Articles (a copy of which is available on the Company’s website). 3.6 Other information As at the date of this notice the total number of shares in the Company is 21 723 960 and each of these shares carries one vote. As at the date of this notice  the Company holds 154 993 of its own shares as treasury shares. Pursuant to article 109 of the Maltese Companies Act  those shares which the Company holds in itself do not carry voting rights. Accordingly  the number of voting rights carried by the outstanding shares is 21 568 967. Please refer to the document titled ‘Privacy Notice – Extraordinary General Meeting 2024’ available at www.multitude.com for additional information on the processing of personal data. Kindly also refer to Clearstream’s Notice of European Union Data Protection Terms which sets out how sets out how personal data is used  stored  transferred or otherwise processed by Clearstream (https://www.clearstream.com/clearstream-en/about-clearstream/due-diligence/gdpr/dataprotection). ––––––––––––––––––––––––– In Malta on 27 September 2024 MULTITUDE P.L.C. The Board of DirectorsContact: Lasse MäkeläChief Strategy and IR OfficerPhone: +41 79 371 34 17E-Mail:Lasse.makela@multitude.comAbout Multitude P.L.C.: Multitude is a listed European FinTech company  offering digital lending and online banking services to consumers  small and medium-sized enterprises  and other FinTechs overlooked by traditional banks. The services are provided through three independent business units  which are served by our internal Banking-as-a-Service Growth Platform. Multitude’s business units are Consumer Banking (Ferratum)  SME Banking (CapitalBox)  and Wholesale Banking (Multitude Bank). Multitude Group employs over 700 people in 25 countries and offers services in 16 countries  achieving a combined turnover of 230 million euros in 2023. Multitude was founded in Finland in 2005 and is listed on the Prime Standard segment of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange under the symbol 'E4l'.www.multitude.com27.09.2024 CET/CEST Dissemination of a Corporate News  transmitted by EQS News - a service of EQS Group AG.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.The EQS Distribution Services include Regulatory Announcements  Financial/Corporate News and Press Releases.Archive at www.eqs-news.com,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.49,0.3,0.21,True,English,"['Multitude P.L.C.', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'EQS-News', 'Notice', 'Shareholders', 'MULTITUDE P.L.C. Notice', 'Finnish European Companies Act', '3 PARTICIPATION INSTRUCTIONS IMPORTANT NOTE', 'Maltese Companies Act', 'Key word(s', '109441) ST Business Centre', 'Snellman Attorneys Ltd', 'chief executive officer', 'Finnish market practice', 'PREVIOUS GENERAL MEETINGS', 'The Strand Gzira', 'Votes Special business', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'The Final Accounts', 'Meeting 2 MEETING MATERIALS', 'shareholders’ general meeting', 'Finnish time', 'Finnish law', 'European company', 'Multitude SE', 'Castrén', 'Eteläesplanadi', 'registered office', 'Council Regulation', 'related resolutions', 'osakkeenomistajien kokous', 'English language', 'ordinary resolutions', 'financial statements', 'standard procedure', 'auditors’ report', 'Such documents', 'mailing address', 'SEEK ADVICE', 'RESPECTIVE CUSTODIAN', 'INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY', 'following matters', 'one (1) shareholder', '3.1 Record date', 'directors’ report', 'particular period', 'The Company', 'The Board', '1 MATTERS', 'EQS-News', 'AGM', 'EGM', '11:00 CET', 'CEST', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'GZR', 'Malta', '23 October', '10:00 a', 'EEST', 'offices', 'Helsinki', 'Finland', 'section', 'transfer', 'accordance', 'Article', '8 October', 'Statute', '30 June', 'order', 'purposes', 'person', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'appointment', 'chairman', 'terms', 'association', 'Quorum', 'proxy', 'Election', 'Minutes', 'Counting', 'Legality', 'Attendance', 'Adoption', 'List', 'Presentation', 'approval', '1 January', 'website', 'Members', 'Liability', 'chapter', 'laws', 'line', 'CEO', 'discharge', 'Closing', 'proposals', 'NOMINEE', 'EMAIL', 'QUESTIONS', 'number']",2024-09-27,2024-09-27,markets.businessinsider.com
45775,Clearstream,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-extraordinary-general-meeting-shareholders-090000870.html,Notice of Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of Multitude P.L.C.,ST Business Centre  120  The Strand Gzira  GZR 1027 Malta NOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS OF MULTITUDE P.L.C. Notice is given to the shareholders of Multitude P.L.C. (previously Multitude SE) (“Company” and/or “Multitude”) that an Extraordinary General Meeting of the shareholders of the Company is to be held on 23 October 2024 at 10:00 a.,Multitude SE  Finnish BranchMULTITUDE P.L.C. (C 109441)ST Business Centre  120  The StrandGzira  GZR 1027MaltaNOTICE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS OF MULTITUDE P.L.C.Notice is given to the shareholders of Multitude P.L.C. (previously Multitude SE) (“Company” and/or “Multitude”) that an Extraordinary General Meeting of the shareholders of the Company is to be held on 23 October 2024 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST / Finnish time) (the “Meeting”).The Meeting will be held at the offices of Castrén & Snellman Attorneys Ltd  Eteläesplanadi 14  Helsinki  Finland. Instructions for participation are provided in section 3 of this notice.The Meeting is being convened following the transfer of the Company’s registered office from Finland to Malta in accordance with Article 8 of the Council Regulation (EC) No 2157/2001 of 8 October 2001 on the Statute for a European company (SE) on 30 June 2024  in order to adopt the Company’s final accounts as required pursuant to Section 11 of the Finnish European Companies Act (742/2004  as amended) (the “Finnish European Companies Act”) and to make certain related resolutions. Accordingly  for the purposes of Section 11 of the Finnish European Companies Act  the Meeting is deemed to be a meeting of shareholders (in Finnish: “osakkeenomistajien kokous”).The Meeting will be conducted in the English language and will be held in person.1 MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE MEETINGAt the Meeting  the following matters will be considered:General:(1) Opening of the Meeting and appointment of chairmanThe appointment of the chairman shall be carried out in terms of article 59 of the Company’s articles of association (the “Articles”).(2) QuorumIn terms of article 56 of the Articles at least one (1) shareholder  present in person or by proxy  entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting shall constitute a quorum.(3) Calling the Meeting to Order(4) Election of Persons to Scrutinise the Minutes and to Supervise the Counting of Votes(5) Recording the Legality of the Meeting(6) Recording the Attendance at the Meeting and Adoption of the List of VotesSpecial business (ordinary resolutions):(7) Presentation and approval of the Final AccountsPursuant to Section 11  Subsection 1 of the Finnish European Companies Act  the board of directors and the chief executive officer of a European company transferring its registered office from Finland must prepare final accounts as soon as possible after the transfer. The final accounts must include the financial statements and the board of directors’ report for the period for which financial statements have not yet been presented at the shareholders’ general meeting. The Company’s board of directors (the “Board”) has approved the Company’s final accounts including the financial statements and the board of directors’ report for the period running from 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024 (the “Final Accounts”). The Final Accounts are available on the Company’s website at www.multitude.com.Story continuesThe Board proposes that the Meeting resolves to adopt the Final Accounts.(8) Resolution on Discharging the Members of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer from LiabilityInsofar as permitted under the Maltese Companies Act (chapter 386 of the laws of Malta)  and in line with Finnish market practice  the Board proposes that the Meeting resolves to discharge the members of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company (the “CEO”) from liability for the period covered by the Final Accounts (i.e.  while the Company was still registered in Finland). The discharge of the members of the Board and the CEO from liability is a standard procedure under Finnish law following the approval of financial statements for a particular period.(9) Closing of the Meeting2 MEETING MATERIALSThis notice (which includes the proposals of the Board of Directors relating to the agenda of the Meeting) as well as the Final Accounts and the auditors’ report thereon are available on the Company’s website (www.multitude.com). Such documents will also be (a) sent to shareholders who so request and who inform the Company of their mailing address and (b) made available at the Meeting.The minutes of the Meeting will be made available on the Company’s website no later than one week after the date of the Meeting.3 PARTICIPATION INSTRUCTIONSIMPORTANT NOTE: THESE INSTRUCTIONS ARE DIFFERENT TO THE INSTRUCTIONS GIVEN IN PREVIOUS GENERAL MEETINGS OF THE COMPANY WHICH WERE HELD WHILE THE COMPANY WAS STILL REGISTERED IN FINLAND. YOU ARE THEREFORE ADVISED TO READ THE INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY AND SEEK ADVICE WHERE NEEDED. YOU ARE ALSO ENCOURAGED TO CONTACT YOUR RESPECTIVE CUSTODIAN / NOMINEE AS SOON AS POSSIBLE. PLEASE SEND AN EMAIL TO agm@multitude.com FOR ANY QUESTIONS YOU MAY HAVE.3.1 Record dateTo be entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting (and for the Company to be able to determine the number of votes that may be cast)  shareholders must have been entered in the register of members maintained by Clearstream Banking AG (“Clearstream”) on 23 September 2024.3.2 PreliminaryShareholders are advised to ask their custodian bank / nominee without delay for the necessary information regarding registration for the Meeting  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions. In any case  shareholders should ensure that all relevant instructions are submitted by their custodian / nominee to Clearstream as soon as possible  within any applicable deadline. Clearstream will process all instructions received and will transmit them to the Malta Stock Exchange (as ‘issuer CSD’). In turn the Malta Stock Exchange will transmit the aggregated instructions to the Company.In terms of the Company’s articles of association  the Company must receive all relevant shareholder instructions from the Malta Stock Exchange (as ‘issuer CSD’) no later than 10:00 a.m. (EEST / Finnish time) on 21 October 2024  and any instructions submitted to the Company after this deadline shall not be treated as valid. Accordingly  shareholders are encouraged to reach out to the respective custodians / nominees as soon as possible in order to ensure that their respective instructions are submitted to Clearstream within any applicable deadline.The Meeting will be held in person at the address indicated above. Shareholders and proxy representatives who wish to attend the Meeting will therefore be required to follow the Meeting registration requirements and will be required to make their own arrangements to attend the Meeting.3.3 Participation in personShareholders who wish to attend and vote at the Meeting in person must notify their intention to their respective custodians / nominees as soon as possible. Custodians / nominees will in turn be required to notify shareholders’ intention to participate at the Meeting by electronic instruction to Clearstream as soon as possible and in line with any deadlines that may be imposed by Clearstream  which instructions must be delivered in terms of Clearstream’s existing procedures.Custodians/nominees may request shareholders’ full names  passport numbers/company registration numbers (or similar)  full addresses  date of birth and daytime telephone number  number of shares in the Company  as well as  if applicable  details of proxies. Information submitted in connection with the notification will be computerised and used exclusively for the Meeting.3.4 Proxy representativesA shareholder  who is entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting  is also entitled to appoint one or more proxies to attend and vote on such shareholder’s behalf. A proxy does not need to be a shareholder. The appointment of a proxy must be in writing and (a) where the shareholder is an individual  be signed by him/her or (b) where the shareholder is a corporation  be signed by a duly authorised officer of the corporation. The proxy form to be used by shareholders is available on the Company’s website: www.multitude.com.Proxy forms must clearly indicate whether the proxy is to vote as she/he wishes or in accordance with the voting instructions sheet attached to the proxy form. Shareholders are advised that by submitting voting instructions they will effectively be voting in advance.The signed proxy form and  where the shareholder is a corporation  a certified copy of a certificate of registration  constitutive documents or similar document evidencing the signatory right of the officer signing the proxy form  must be submitted to each shareholder’s respective custodian / nominee as soon as possible. Custodians / nominees will in turn be required to deliver shareholders’ proxy data to Clearstream as soon as possible  within any applicable deadline  which data must be delivered in terms of Clearstream’s existing procedures.Shareholders are  therefore  encouraged to send or deliver their proxy forms (and  if applicable certified copies of certificates of registration or similar) as soon as possible.Notice for the Malta Stock Exchange (as issuer CSD): Aggregated attendance notifications and proxy data processed by and received from Clearstream must be sent by the Malta Stock Exchange to the Company by email at agm@multitude.com not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for the Meeting and in default shall not be treated as valid.3.5 Right to ask questionsEach shareholder (or proxy holder) shall have the right to ask questions which are pertinent and related to items on the agenda of the Meeting to the Company by e-mail to agm@multitude.com by not later than 16 October 2024 by 23:59 (EEST / Finnish time).An answer to a question will not be given in those cases specified in article 70 of the Articles (a copy of which is available on the Company’s website).3.6 Other informationAs at the date of this notice the total number of shares in the Company is 21 723 960 and each of these shares carries one vote. As at the date of this notice  the Company holds 154 993 of its own shares as treasury shares. Pursuant to article 109 of the Maltese Companies Act  those shares which the Company holds in itself do not carry voting rights. Accordingly  the number of voting rights carried by the outstanding shares is 21 568 967.Please refer to the document titled ‘Privacy Notice – Extraordinary General Meeting 2024’ available at www.multitude.com for additional information on the processing of personal data. Kindly also refer to Clearstream’s Notice of European Union Data Protection Terms which sets out how sets out how personal data is used  stored  transferred or otherwise processed by Clearstream (https://www.clearstream.com/clearstream-en/about-clearstream/due-diligence/gdpr/dataprotection).–––––––––––––––––––––––––In Malta on 27 September 2024MULTITUDE P.L.C.The Board of DirectorsContact:Lasse MäkeläChief Strategy and IR OfficerPhone: +41 79 371 34 17E-Mail: Lasse.makela@multitude.comAbout Multitude P.L.C.:Multitude is a listed European FinTech company  offering digital lending and online banking services to consumers  small and medium-sized enterprises  and other FinTechs overlooked by traditional banks. The services are provided through three independent business units  which are served by our internal Banking-as-a-Service Growth Platform. Multitude’s business units are Consumer Banking (Ferratum)  SME Banking (CapitalBox)  and Wholesale Banking (Multitude Bank). Multitude Group employs over 700 people in 25 countries and offers services in 16 countries  achieving a combined turnover of 230 million euros in 2023. Multitude was founded in Finland in 2005 and is listed on the Prime Standard segment of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange under the symbol 'E4l'. www.multitude.com,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.29,0.32,True,English,"['Multitude P.L.C.', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Shareholders', 'MULTITUDE P.L.C.', 'Finnish European Companies Act', 'Maltese Companies Act', 'Snellman Attorneys Ltd', 'chief executive officer', 'PREVIOUS GENERAL MEETINGS', 'Finnish market practice', 'ST Business Centre', 'The Strand Gzira', 'EXTRAORDINARY GENERAL MEETING', 'The Final Accounts', 'shareholders’ general meeting', 'Finnish Branch', 'Finnish time', 'Finnish law', 'European company', 'Special business', 'Castrén', 'Eteläesplanadi', 'registered office', 'Council Regulation', 'related resolutions', 'osakkeenomistajien kokous', 'English language', 'one (1) shareholder', 'ordinary resolutions', 'financial statements', 'standard procedure', 'auditors’ report', 'Such documents', 'mailing address', 'IMPORTANT NOTE', 'SEEK ADVICE', 'RESPECTIVE CUSTODIAN', 'Clearstream Ban', 'Multitude SE', 'following matters', '3.1 Record date', 'directors’ report', 'INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY', '2 MEETING MATERIALS', 'particular period', 'The Company', 'The Board', '3 PARTICIPATION INSTRUCTIONS', '1 MATTERS', 'GZR', 'Malta', 'NOTICE', '23 October', '10:00 a', 'EEST', 'offices', 'Helsinki', 'Finland', 'section', 'transfer', 'accordance', 'Article', '8 October', 'Statute', '30 June', 'order', 'purposes', 'person', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'appointment', 'chairman', 'terms', 'association', 'Quorum', 'proxy', 'Election', 'Minutes', 'Counting', 'Votes', 'Legality', 'Attendance', 'Adoption', 'List', 'Presentation', 'approval', '1 January', 'website', 'Story', 'Members', 'Liability', 'chapter', 'laws', 'line', 'CEO', 'discharge', 'Closing', 'proposals', 'NOMINEE', 'EMAIL', 'agm', 'QUESTIONS', 'number']",2024-09-27,2024-09-27,uk.finance.yahoo.com
45776,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/09/26/euronext-epaenx-shares-down-1-9/,Euronext (EPA:ENX) Shares Down 1.9%,Euronext (EPA:ENX – Get Free Report) shares were down 1.9% during trading on Wednesday . The company traded as low as €97.30 ($108.11) and last traded at €98.35 ($109.28). Approximately 172 266 shares were traded during trading  an increase of 34% from the av…,Euronext (EPA:ENX – Get Free Report) shares were down 1.9% during trading on Wednesday . The company traded as low as €97.30 ($108.11) and last traded at €98.35 ($109.28). Approximately 172 266 shares were traded during trading  an increase of 34% from the average daily volume of 128 749 shares. The stock had previously closed at €100.30 ($111.44).Euronext Stock Down 1.9 %The firm has a 50 day moving average price of €95.40 and a 200 day moving average price of €90.68.Euronext Company Profile(Get Free Report)Euronext N.V.  together with its subsidiaries  operates securities and derivatives exchanges in Continental Europe  Ireland  and Norway. The company offers a range of exchange and corporate services  including security listings  cash and derivatives trading  and market data dissemination. It also provides listing venues and cash equities trading venues; and various marketplaces  including multilateral trading facilities for investors  broker-dealers  and other market participants to meet directly to buy and sell cash equities  fixed income securities  and exchange traded products.See AlsoReceive News & Ratings for Euronext Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Euronext and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,0.93,0.07,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext', 'EPA', 'ENX', '50 day moving average price', '200 day moving average price', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'cash equities trading venues', 'average daily volume', 'Get Free Report', 'market data dissemination', 'other market participants', 'concise daily summary', 'multilateral trading facilities', 'Euronext N.V.', 'fixed income securities', 'Euronext Company Profile', 'listing venues', 'Euronext Daily', 'email address', 'derivatives trading', 'derivatives exchanges', 'Continental Europe', 'corporate services', 'security listings', 'various marketplaces', 'related companies', 'MarketBeat.com', 'Euronext Stock', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'EPA', 'ENX', 'shares', 'Wednesday', 'increase', 'firm', 'subsidiaries', 'Ireland', 'Norway', 'range', 'investors', 'broker-dealers', 'traded', 'products']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,etfdailynews.com
45777,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/26/2954015/0/en/Flow-Traders-Q3-2024-Pre-close-Call.html,Flow Traders Q3 2024 Pre-close Call,Flow Traders Q3 2024 Pre-close Call   Amsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) publishes the Q3 2024 pre-close call script to be......,Flow Traders Q3 2024 Pre-close CallAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (Euronext: FLOW) publishes the Q3 2024 pre-close call script to be used with analysts post the market close on 26 September 2024.Flow Traders will conduct a pre-close call with the analyst community post the European market close today  prior to the start of the silent period on 1 October 2024. The script to be used can be found on our website.https://www.flowtraders.com/investors/results-centreContact DetailsFlow Traders Ltd.InvestorsEric PanPhone: +31 20 7996799Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comMediaLaura PeijsPhone: +31 20 7996799Email: press@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading global financial technology-enabled liquidity provider in financial products  historically specialized in Exchange Traded Products (ETPs)  now expanding into other asset classes. Flow Traders ensures the provision of liquidity to support the uninterrupted functioning of financial markets. This allows investors to continue to buy or sell ETPs or other financial instruments under all market circumstances. We continuously grow our organization  ensuring that our trading desks in Europe  the Americas and Asia can provide liquidity across all major exchanges  globally  24 hours a day. Founded in 2004  we continue to cultivate the entrepreneurial  innovative and team-oriented culture that has been with us since the beginning. Please visit www.flowtraders.com for more information.Important Legal InformationThis publication is prepared by Flow Traders Ltd. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this publication does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this publication are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders Ltd. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This publication is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any statements contained in this publication to reflect any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based. Unless the source is otherwise stated  the market  economic and industry data in this publication constitute the estimates of our management  using underlying data from independent third parties. We have obtained market data and certain industry forecasts used in this publication from internal surveys  reports and studies  where appropriate  as well as market research  publicly available information and industry publications. The third party sources we have used generally state that the information they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable but that the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed and that the projections they contain are based on a number of assumptions.By accepting this publication you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this publication.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release contains information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.16,0.2,0.64,True,English,"['Flow Traders', 'leading global financial technology-enabled liquidity provider', 'Contact Details Flow Traders Ltd', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Q3 2024 pre-close call script', 'Flow Traders Flow Traders', 'other asset classes', 'prior written permission', 'independent third parties', 'Flow Traders Ltd.', 'Exchange Traded Products', 'other financial instruments', 'intellectual property rights', 'third party sources', 'Important Legal Information', 'financial products', 'financial markets', 'European market', 'market data', 'market research', 'legal, tax', 'legal agreement', 'analyst community', 'silent period', 'Eric Pan', 'Laura Peijs', 'uninterrupted functioning', 'trading desks', 'major exchanges', 'entrepreneurial, innovative', 'team-oriented culture', 'investment activities', 'investment decisions', 'investment advice', 'respective owners', 'proprietary rights', 'industry data', 'underlying data', 'industry forecasts', 'internal surveys', 'industry publications', 'press release', 'market circumstances', 'legal obligation', 'information purposes', 'investor marketing', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'analysts', '26 September', 'start', '1 October', 'website', 'flowtraders', 'investors', 'results', 'centre', 'Phone', 'Email', 'relations', 'Media', 'ETPs', 'provision', 'organization', 'Americas', 'Asia', 'beginning', 'recommendation', 'content', 'document', 'security', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'materials', 'affiliates', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'completeness', 'liability', 'errors', 'omissions', 'way', 'binding', 'trademarks', 'interest', 'undertaking', 'statements', 'events', 'conditions', 'economic', 'estimates', 'management', 'reports', 'studies', 'projections', 'number', 'assumptions', 'terms', 'nl', 'meaning', 'Attachment']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,globenewswire.com
45778,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/26/2954054/0/en/Proactis-SA-announcement-January-2024.html,Proactis SA - announcement January 2024,Proactis SA announces results for the 18 months period ended 31 January 2024   Paris – 26th September 2024 – Proactis SA (Euronext: PROAC)  a...,Proactis SA announces results forthe 18 months period ended 31 January 2024Paris – 26th September 2024 – Proactis SA (Euronext: PROAC)  a leading provider of comprehensive spend management and business process collaboration solutions  today announced financial information for the year ended 31 January 2024  in accordance with the “European Transparency Obligations Directive” financial disclosure requirements.It should be noted at the outset that publication of the results for the year ended January 31  2024  was originally scheduled for May 31  2024. Unfortunately  Proactis SA was unable to keep to this timetable  as its statutory auditors were unwilling to issue their reports on the accounts for the period just ended before the completion of the audit of the accounts of Proactis SA's parent company by the group's UK auditors.Period ended 31 January 2024 – Key Results:The Proactis SA Board of Directors approved the accounts for the 18 months period ended 31 January 2024 on 10th September 2024  which have been formally certified by the auditors.€ MillionPeriod ended 31 January 2024 -18 MonthsYear ended 31 July 2022 - 12 MonthsRevenue17.914.4EBITDA (*)2.02.8EBITDA as a % of revenue 11% 19% Net Earnings(16.6)0.3Operating Cashflow3.22.3Cash0.60.9(*) EBITDA: Operating result before depreciation and non-recurring items.Presentation is done on 18 months due to the year-end date change to align with the Proactis Topco Limited Group year-end date change.RevenuesAlthough the turnover of the Group looks greater due to the change in year-end; it is below the level of the prior period. This is mainly due to the non-renewal of 3rd party solution contracts at the end of contract  or non-renewal of contract in specific non-core product areas. Revenue as presented includes revenue from the Group management fees and split is as follow:€ MillionPeriod ended31 January 2024Year ended31 July 2022Revenue 17.9 14.4 Operating revenue 11.3 9.8 Management fees 6.6 4.6Goodwill ImpairmentBased on the value in use calculations established for the Proactis SA Group  it has been necessary to recognise an impairment. The value in use calculation reflects pipeline conversion delay and the slowdown in volume-related activities during the period under review. The recoverable amount was estimated based on their value in use of €3.3M. An impairment of €3.5M has therefore been recorded.Other operating expensesProactis SA Group has recorded a depreciation of 10.9 million euros on the receivables it owns against the current accounts with sister entities. This write-down was recorded at the request of Proactis SA's statutory auditors. These current accounts result from intra-group transfer pricing billing and are not likely to be repaid in the short term.ProfitabilityThe Company recorded an EBITDA for the period ended 31 January 2024 of €2.0M (€2.8M for the year ended 2022).Net Earnings were € (16.6)M versus year ended 31 July 2022: € 0.3M.CashflowIn the period ended 31 January 2024  the Group‘s operating cash-flow was €3.2M. Capital investment remained strong  at €3.0M  and was focused on the Company’s strategic solution suite; The Business Network. The Group had positive cash balances of €0.6M on 31 January 2024 (31 July 2022: €0.9M).* * * *About Proactis SA (https://www.proactis.com/proactis-sa)  a Proactis CompanyProactis SA connects companies by providing business spend management and collaborative business process automation solutions for both goods and services  through The Business Network. Our solutions integrate with any ERP or procurement system  providing our customers with an easy-to-use solution which drives adoption  compliance and savings.Proactis SA has operations in France  Germany  USA and Manila.Listed in Compartment C on the Euronext Paris Eurolist.ISIN: FR0004052561  Euronext: PROAC  Reuters: HBWO.LN  Bloomberg: HBW.FPContactsTel: +33 (0)1 53 25 55 00E-mail: investorContact@proactis.com* * * *Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.32,0.53,True,English,"['Proactis SA', 'announcement', 'Proactis Topco Limited Group year-end date change', 'collaborative business process automation solutions', 'European Transparency Obligations Directive', 'specific non-core product areas', 'intra-group transfer pricing billing', 'business process collaboration solutions', '3rd party solution contracts', 'The Proactis SA Board', 'business spend management', 'The Business Network', 'pipeline conversion delay', 'strategic solution suite', 'comprehensive spend management', 'financial disclosure requirements', 'Other operating expenses', 'positive cash balances', 'Group management fees', 'Proactis SA Group', 'Euronext Paris Eurolist', 'The Group', 'use solution', 'financial information', 'Operating result', 'operating cash-flow', '26th September', 'leading provider', '10th September', 'Net Earnings', 'recurring items', 'volume-related activities', 'recoverable amount', '10.9 million euros', 'sister entities', 'short term', 'Capital investment', 'procurement system', 'Compartment C', 'Proactis Company', 'statutory auditors', 'UK auditors', 'use calculations', 'Operating Cashflow', 'parent company', 'current accounts', 'Operating revenue', 'Key Results', 'Goodwill Impairment', 'prior period', '18 months period', '12 Months', 'accordance', 'outset', 'publication', 'May', 'timetable', 'reports', 'completion', 'Directors', 'January', 'EBITDA', 'depreciation', 'Presentation', 'Revenues', 'turnover', 'level', 'renewal', 'split', 'July', 'value', 'slowdown', 'review', 'receivables', 'write-down', 'request', 'Profitability', 'companies', 'goods', 'services', 'ERP', 'customers', 'adoption', 'compliance', 'savings', 'operations', 'France', 'Germany', 'USA', 'Manila', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'HBWO.', 'LN', 'Bloomberg', 'FP', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'mail', 'investorContact', 'Attachment', '33']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,globenewswire.com
45779,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/26/2953495/0/en/Crossject-announces-its-eligibility-for-France-s-PEA-PME-investment-scheme.html,Crossject announces its eligibility for France’s PEA-PME investment scheme,Dijon  France Sept 26  2024 -- Crossject (ISIN: FR0011716265; Euronext: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company developing medicines for emergency situations harnessing its award-winning needle-free auto-injector ZENEO®  today confirms its eligibility for PEA-PME  …,Enables French retail investors to buy securities under preferential tax conditionsDijon  France Sept 26  2024 -- Crossject (ISIN: FR0011716265; Euronext: ALCJ)  a specialty pharma company developing medicines for emergency situations harnessing its award-winning needle-free auto-injector ZENEO®  today confirms its eligibility for PEA-PME  a French government investment scheme which enables retail investors to acquire a portfolio of European securities whilst benefiting from preferential tax conditions.This framework aims to diversify funding resources available to small and medium sized enterprises (SMEs) and create a new financing tool  thus channeling some savings into the real economy. Tax advantages offered by PEA-PME (Plan d’Épargne en Actions – Petites et Moyennes Entreprises or Share Savings Plan – Small and Mid-sized Businesses) are only available to French residents  even if investments are not limited to French companies.For companies to be eligible for PEA-PME  their securities must be traded on a regulated market  they must have a market capitalization of less than €1 billion in the current or at least one of the four preceding years; have fewer than 5 000 employees; and an annual turnover not exceeding €1.5 billion  or a balance sheet not exceeding €2 billion.About CrossjectCrossject SA (Euronext: ALCJ; www.crossject.com ) is an emerging specialty pharmaceuticals company developing medicines for emergency situations harnessing its award-winning needle-free auto-injector ZENEO® platform. Crossject is in advanced regulatory development for ZEPIZURE®  an epileptic rescue therapy  for which it has a $60 million contract* with the U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA). The Company’s versatile ZENEO® platform is designed to enable patients or untrained caregivers to easily and instantly deliver a broad range of emergency medicines via intramuscular injection on bare skin or even through clothing. The Company’s other products in development include mainly solutions for allergic shocks and adrenal insufficiencies  as well as therapies and other emergency indications.* Contract no: 75A50122C00031 with the Department of Health and Human Services; Administration for Strategic Preparedness and Response; Biomedical Research and Development AuthorityFor further information  please contact:InvestorsNatasha DrapeauCohesion Bureau+41 76 823 75 27natasha.drapeau@cohesionbureau.comMediaSophie BaumontCohesion Bureau+33 6 27 74 74 49sophie.baumont@cohesionbureau.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.96,0.03,negative,0.01,0.41,0.58,True,English,"['PEA-PME investment scheme', 'Crossject', 'eligibility', 'France', 'award-winning needle-free auto-injector ZENEO® platform', 'U.S. Biomedical Advanced Research', 'French government investment scheme', 'emerging specialty pharmaceuticals company', 'Natasha Drapeau Cohesion Bureau', 'Sophie Baumont Cohesion Bureau', 'versatile ZENEO® platform', 'specialty pharma company', 'medium sized enterprises', 'new financing tool', 'four preceding years', 'advanced regulatory development', 'epileptic rescue therapy', 'preferential tax conditions', 'other emergency indications', 'French retail investors', 'Share Savings Plan', 'Biomedical Research', 'French residents', 'The Company', 'Tax advantages', 'other products', 'emergency situations', 'French companies', 'funding resources', 'real economy', 'Moyennes Entreprises', 'Mid-sized Businesses', 'regulated market', 'market capitalization', 'annual turnover', 'balance sheet', 'Development Authority', 'untrained caregivers', 'broad range', 'intramuscular injection', 'bare skin', 'allergic shocks', 'adrenal insufficiencies', 'Human Services', 'Strategic Preparedness', 'emergency medicines', '$60 million contract', 'European securities', 'Crossject SA', 'Dijon', 'France', 'Euronext', 'ALCJ', 'eligibility', 'PEA-PME', 'portfolio', 'framework', 'small', 'SMEs', 'Actions', 'Petites', 'investments', 'current', 'fewer', '5,000 employees', 'ZEPIZURE®', 'BARDA', 'patients', 'clothing', 'solutions', 'therapies', 'Department', 'Health', 'Administration', 'Response', 'information', 'cohesionbureau', 'Media', 'Attachment']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,globenewswire.com
45780,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/26/2953506/0/en/Virtune-AB-Publ-announces-its-expansion-into-France-through-the-listing-of-Virtune-Staked-Solana-ETP-on-Euronext-Paris.html,Virtune AB (Publ) announces its expansion into France through the listing of Virtune Staked Solana ETP on Euronext Paris,Paris  26th of September 2024 — Virtune  a Swedish regulated digital asset manager and issuer of crypto Exchange Traded Products (ETPs) based in Stockholm  Sweden  announces its expansion into France through the listing of its Virtune Staked Solana ETP on Eur…,Paris  26th of September 2024 — Virtune  a Swedish regulated digital asset manager and issuer of crypto Exchange Traded Products (ETPs) based in Stockholm  Sweden  announces its expansion into France through the listing of its Virtune Staked Solana ETP on Euronext Paris.With strong traction and consistent inflows in the Nordic regions driven by increasing interest and crypto adoption  expanding into France is a strategic milestone for Virtune. Virtune has since its inception in May 2023 been growing rapidly in the Nordics where it has listed a total of 12 products and reached more than 31 000 investors in its products in just about one year.The key success factors have been an educational focus  a transparent market approach and through its regulated status. This move not only addresses growing investor enthusiasm but also enhances our market presence across Europe.Christopher Kock  CEO of Virtune  stated:“We are thrilled to expand into France with the introduction of our Staked Solana ETP to the French investor community after its successful launch in the Nordic markets. Since our inception in May 2023  we have worked tirelessly to drive crypto adoption through educational efforts in the Nordics and we are excited to extend these efforts to the French financial market. This ETP provides investors with enhanced exposure to Solana  one of the leading and most influential blockchains globally  while also offering additional returns through included staking.”About Virtune Staked Solana ETPVirtune Staked Solana ETP provides exposure to Solana combined with the benefits of staking. With staking incorporated  the ETP offers an additional annual return of approximately 3% on the investment made in the ETP  while at the same time offering an attractive annual fee of 0.95%.Like all of Virtune’s ETPs  Virtune Staked Solana ETP is 100% physically backed and fully collateralized  is denominated in EUR for the French audience and is available on brokerage platforms. Virtune uses Coinbase as the crypto custodian where the underlying SOL tokens are being stored with highest institutional grade security in cold-storage. The underlying SOL tokens are being staked directly from cold-storage and the staking rewards are being reflected in the daily price of the ETP.Key Product Information:Exposure to Solana with approximately 3% annual return through staking100% physically backed by SOL0.95% annual management feeNon-custodial stakingVirtune Staked Solana ETP:Trading Currency: EURFirst Day of Trading: Tuesday  17th of September 2024Euronext Exchange Ticker: VRTSBloomberg Ticker: VIRSOLISIN: SE0021309754Exchanges: Euronext Paris  Euronext Amsterdam  Nasdaq StockholmAbout Virtune AB (Publ)Virtune is a registered financial institution with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (FSA) for trading and managing digital assets and has an approved EU Base Prospectus  renewed with the Swedish FSA on April 5  2024 which has enabled Virtune’s strategy of listing ETPs on regulated European exchanges. Virtune’s mission is to provide seamless access to crypto assets for both institutional and retail investors through innovative ETPs  transparency  and education.Virtune has a wide offering of crypto ETPs that includes Virtune Bitcoin ETP  Virtune Staked Ethereum ETP  Virtune Staked Solana ETP  Virtune Crypto Top 10 Index ETP  Virtune XRP ETP  Virtune Chainlink ETP  Virtune Avalanche ETP  Virtune Staked Polkadot ETP  Virtune Staked Polygon ETP  Virtune Arbitrum ETP and Virtune Staked Cardano ETP.About SolanaSolana is a high-performance blockchain platform designed to offer fast and scalable decentralized application operations and cryptocurrency transactions. By using a unique consensus mechanism known as Proof of History (PoH) along with Proof of Stake (PoS)  Solana can handle thousands of transactions per second with low transaction costs  which is a significant improvement over older blockchains like Bitcoin and Ethereum. This combination of technologies not only allows for instant transaction verification but also a significant increase in network throughput without compromising security or decentralization.About stakingStaking enables crypto asset owners to earn passive income by participating in the validation and confirmation of transactions on a blockchain through a process known as Proof of Stake. This mechanism is a fundamental component of Proof of Stake blockchains  like Ethereum and Solana  and plays a vital role in ensuring the security and authenticity of blockchain transactions. To facilitate a transaction on the blockchain securely and accurately  a validator must stake a certain amount of crypto asset as a guarantee of the transaction's legitimacy.The validator aims to stake as much crypto assets as possible to increase the likelihood of receiving rewards  which are paid out in the same type of crypto asset that was staked. For instance  if you stake Solana  you receive additional SOL tokens as a reward. The annual reward percentage for staking can vary and may range from 0-14% or higher for some blockchains. Most crypto asset holders cannot act as validators themselves  as it requires significant amounts of crypto assets. Therefore  many choose to stake their assets through an established and trusted validator. Virtune includes staking rewards in its products that have ‘staked’ included in their names.Flow Traders will act as the market maker for the ETP  ensuring that French investors can access the product easily and efficiently during Euronext market hours.Stockholm  26th of September 2024For further inquiries  please contact:Christopher Kock  CEO & Member of the Board of DirectorsEmail: hello@virtune.comAbout Virtune AB (Publ)Virtune with its headquarters in Stockholm is a regulated Swedish digital asset manager and issuer of crypto exchange traded products on regulated European exchanges.With regulatory compliance  strategic collaborations with industry leaders and our proficient team  we empower investors on a global level to access innovative and sophisticated investment products that are aligned with the evolving landscape of the global crypto market.Cryptocurrency investments are associated with high risk. Virtune does not provide investment advice. Investments are made at your own risk. Securities may increase or decrease in value  and there is no guarantee that you will recover your invested capital. Please read the prospectus  KID  terms at www.virtune.com.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.94,0.06,0.0,True,English,"['Solana ETP', 'Euronext Paris', 'Virtune AB', 'Publ', 'expansion', 'France', 'listing', 'Swedish regulated digital asset manager', 'Virtune Crypto Top 10 Index ETP', 'scalable decentralized application operations', 'Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority', 'Virtune Staked Polkadot ETP', 'Virtune Staked Polygon ETP', 'Virtune Staked Cardano ETP', 'highest institutional grade security', 'crypto Exchange Traded Products', 'Virtune Staked Solana ETP', 'Virtune Staked Ethereum ETP', 'key success factors', 'growing investor enthusiasm', 'Key Product Information', 'EU Base Prospectus', 'attractive annual fee', '0.95% annual management fee', 'transparent market approach', 'French investor community', 'crypto asset owners', 'underlying SOL tokens', 'Virtune XRP ETP', 'Virtune Chainlink ETP', 'Virtune Avalanche ETP', 'Virtune Arbitrum ETP', 'regulated European exchanges', 'French financial market', 'Euronext Exchange Ticker', 'additional SOL tokens', 'unique consensus mechanism', 'low transaction costs', 'instant transaction verification', 'additional annual return', 'annual reward percentage', 'high-performance blockchain platform', 'Virtune Bitcoin ETP', 'digital assets', 'regulated status', '3% annual return', 'Swedish FSA', 'financial institution', 'market presence', 'additional returns', 'French audience', 'crypto adoption', 'crypto custodian', 'crypto assets', 'Bloomberg Ticker', 'Virtune AB', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'strong traction', 'consistent inflows', 'Nordic regions', 'strategic milestone', 'one year', 'educational focus', 'Christopher Kock', 'successful launch', 'Nordic markets', 'influential blockchains', 'same time', 'brokerage platforms', 'daily price', 'First Day', 'seamless access', 'wide offering', 'significant improvement', 'older blockchains', 'significant increase', 'network throughput', 'passive income', 'fundamental component', 'vital role', 'same type', 'crypto ETPs', 'Euronext Paris', 'educational efforts', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'cryptocurrency transactions', 'innovative ETPs', 'enhanced exposure', 'Non-custodial staking', 'Trading Currency', 'retail investors', 'Stake blockchains', 'blockchain transactions', 'staking rewards', '12 products', '31 000 investors', 'September', 'issuer', 'Sweden', 'expansion', 'France', 'listing', 'interest', 'inception', 'May', 'Nordics', 'total', 'move', 'CEO', 'introduction', 'leading', 'benefits', 'investment', 'Coinbase', 'cold-storage', 'Tuesday', 'VRTS', 'VIRSOL', 'ISIN', 'Publ', 'April', 'strategy', 'mission', 'transparency', 'fast', 'Proof', 'History', 'PoH', 'thousands', 'second', 'combination', 'technologies', 'decentralization', 'validation', 'confirmation', 'process', 'authenticity', 'validator', 'amount', 'guarantee', 'legitimacy', 'likelihood', 'instance']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,globenewswire.com
45781,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/26/2954039/0/en/PROACTIS-SA-Press-release-26-09-2024-publication-date-AFR.html,PROACTIS SA - Press release 26.09.2024 ( publication date AFR),Publication date of the results and the Annual Financial Report fiscal period ended 31 January 2024  SURESNES  France – (26 September 2024) — PROACTIS......,Publication date of the results and the Annual Financial Report fiscal period ended 31 January 2024SURESNES  France – (26 September 2024) — PROACTIS (ISIN code : FR0004052561) announces that  the publication of its results and Annual Financial Report for the year ended January 31  2024  originally scheduled for May 31  2024  will take place on September 26  2024.PROACTIS SA's Annual General Meeting of Shareholders will be held on October 17  2024  at 1:30 pm.PROACTIS SA had obtained authorization from the President of the Nanterre Commercial Court to postpone this meeting until October 31  2024.* * * *About Proactis SA (https://www.proactis.com/proactis-sa)  a Proactis CompanyProactis SA connects companies by providing business spend management and collaborative business process automation solutions for both goods and services  through The Business Network. Our solutions integrate with any ERP or procurement system  providing our customers with an easy-to-use solution which drives adoption  compliance and savings.Proactis SA has operations in France  Germany  USA and Manila.Listed in Compartment C on the Euronext Paris Eurolist.ISIN: FR0004052561  Euronext: PROAC  Reuters: HBWO.LN  Bloomberg: HBW.FPContactsTel: +33 (0)1 53 25 55 00E-mail: investorContact@proactis.com* * * *Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['PROACTIS SA', 'Press release', 'publication date', 'AFR', 'Annual Financial Report fiscal period', 'collaborative business process automation solutions', 'business spend management', 'The Business Network', 'Nanterre Commercial Court', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext Paris Eurolist', 'procurement system', 'use solution', 'Compartment C', 'Proactis Company', 'Publication date', 'ISIN code', 'PROACTIS SA', 'results', 'SURESNES', 'France', '26 September', 'year', 'January', 'May', 'place', 'Shareholders', 'October', 'authorization', 'President', 'companies', 'goods', 'services', 'ERP', 'customers', 'adoption', 'compliance', 'savings', 'operations', 'Germany', 'USA', 'Manila', 'Reuters', 'HBWO.', 'LN', 'Bloomberg', 'FP', 'Contacts', 'Tel', 'mail', 'investorContact', 'Attachment', '1:30', '33']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,globenewswire.com
45782,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/26/2953536/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-September-19-September-25-2024.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details September 19 – September 25  2024,PRESS RELEASE                                          Share Buyback Transaction Details September 19 – September 25  2024  Alphen aan den Rijn –...,PRESS RELEASEShare Buyback Transaction Details September 19 – September 25  2024Alphen aan den Rijn – September 26  2024 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services  today reports that it has repurchased 133 942 of its own ordinary shares in the period from September 19  2024  up to and including September 25  2024  for €21.0 million and at an average share price of €156.50.These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 21  2024  under which we intend to repurchase shares for €1 billion during 2024.The cumulative amounts repurchased in the year to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2024Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2024 to date 5 162 049 757.3 146.71For the period starting May 2  2024  up to and including December 27  2024  we have engaged third parties to execute approximately €647 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Shares repurchased are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes through share cancelation.Further information is available on our website:For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Dave Guarino Meg Geldens Global Communications Investor Relations t + 1 646 954 8215 ir@wolterskluwer.com press@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by pandemics; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'September', 'Media Investors/Analysts Dave Guarino Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Global Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'capital reduction purposes', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'average share price', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share cancelation', 'global leader', 'cumulative amounts', 'counter market', 'new information', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'software solutions', 'ordinary shares', 'Total consideration', 'third parties', 'relevant laws', 'treasury shares', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2023 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'U.S.', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'professional information', 'Further information', 'inside information', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'various countries', 'financial risks', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'September', 'WKL', 'services', 'repurchases', 'February', 'year', 'date', 'May', 'December', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'website', 'wolterskluwer', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', 'operations', '21,400 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'pandemics', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Trademarks', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,globenewswire.com
45783,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/26/2954038/0/en/ABC-arbitrage-Release-of-the-interim-financial-report-as-of-June-30-2024.html,ABC arbitrage Release of the interim financial report as of June 30  2024,ABC arbitrage announces that as of today its financial report for the first half of 2024 has been publicly released and filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF).,"ABC arbitrage announces that as of today its financial report for the first half of 2024 has been publicly released and filed with the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF).This document includes the following parts:The half-year activity reportThe consolidated financial statements as of June 30  2024The statutory auditors’ reportStatement by the person responsible for the financial reportThe annual financial report can be consulted on the Group website at: abc-arbitrage.com   in the "" Shareholders "" page  heading Financial information / Financial reports .Contacts : abc-arbitrage.comRelations actionnaires : actionnaires@abc-arbitrage.comRelations presse: VERBATEE / v.sabineu@verbatee.com EURONEXT Paris - Compartiment BISIN : FR0004040608Reuters BITI.PA / Bloomberg ABCA FPAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['ABC arbitrage Release', 'interim financial report', 'June', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Bloomberg ABCA FP Attachment', 'half-year activity report', 'statutory auditors’ report', 'annual financial report', 'financial statements', 'Financial information', 'Financial reports', 'first half', 'following parts', 'Group website', 'Shareholders "" page', 'Relations presse', 'EURONEXT Paris', 'Compartiment B', 'Reuters BITI', 'Relations actionnaires', 'ABC arbitrage', 'today', 'AMF', 'document', 'The', 'June', 'person', 'Contacts', 'VERBATEE', 'sabineu', 'ISIN', 'FR0004040608']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,globenewswire.com
45784,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/09/26/segro-lonsgro-earns-buy-rating-from-shore-capital/,SEGRO (LON:SGRO) Earns Buy Rating from Shore Capital,SEGRO (LON:SGRO – Get Free Report)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by investment analysts at Shore Capital in a note issued to investors on Thursday  Digital Look reports. Several other research analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Jef…,SEGRO (LON:SGRO – Get Free Report)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by investment analysts at Shore Capital in a note issued to investors on Thursday  Digital Look reports.Several other research analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Jefferies Financial Group dropped their price target on shares of SEGRO from GBX 950 ($12.72) to GBX 930 ($12.45) and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a research note on Monday  July 29th. Barclays reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 1 050 ($14.06) target price on shares of SEGRO in a report on Monday  September 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 1 050 ($14.06) price target on shares of SEGRO in a report on Tuesday. Finally  UBS Group downgraded SEGRO to a “neutral” rating and decreased their price objective for the stock from GBX 1 045 ($13.99) to GBX 985 ($13.19) in a research note on Tuesday  August 20th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  the stock presently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus price target of GBX 986.50 ($13.21).Get SEGRO alerts:View Our Latest Stock Analysis on SEGROSEGRO Stock PerformanceAbout SEGROShares of SGRO traded up GBX 3.40 ($0.05) on Thursday  reaching GBX 872 ($11.68). The company’s stock had a trading volume of 9 870 498 shares  compared to its average volume of 4 060 416. The stock’s 50 day simple moving average is GBX 892.25 and its two-hundred day simple moving average is GBX 891.23. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 42.10  a current ratio of 1.30 and a quick ratio of 0.62. The stock has a market capitalization of £11.77 billion  a P/E ratio of -4 152.38  a PEG ratio of 2.12 and a beta of 0.79. SEGRO has a 12-month low of GBX 675 ($9.04) and a 12-month high of GBX 949 ($12.71).(Get Free Report)SEGRO is a UK Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)  listed on the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Paris  and is a leading owner  manager and developer of modern warehouses and industrial property. It owns or manages 10.4 million square metres of space (112 million square feet) valued at £20.7 billion serving customers from a wide range of industry sectors.Read MoreReceive News & Ratings for SEGRO Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SEGRO and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.16,0.83,True,English,"['Earns Buy Rating', 'Shore Capital', 'SEGRO', 'SGRO', 'UK Real Estate Investment Trust', 'two-hundred day simple moving average', '50 day simple moving average', 'FREE daily email newsletter', 'Several other research analysts', 'Digital Look reports', '10.4 million square metres', 'concise daily summary', 'Jefferies Financial Group', 'Get Free Report', 'London Stock Exchange', 'consensus price target', 'Latest Stock Analysis', 'investment analysts', 'GBX 1,050 ($14.06) target price', 'SEGRO Stock Performance', 'average volume', 'email address', 'UBS Group', 'Three analysts', 'consensus rating', 'price objective', 'research note', 'SEGRO Daily', 'buy” rating', 'Shore Capital', 'hold” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'JPMorgan Chase', 'neutral” rating', 'hold rating', 'buy rating', 'MarketBeat.com', 'Moderate Buy', 'trading volume', 'equity ratio', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'market capitalization', 'P/E ratio', 'PEG ratio', '12-month low', '12-month high', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading owner', 'modern warehouses', 'industrial property', 'wide range', 'industry sectors', 'latest news', ""analysts' ratings"", 'related companies', 'GBX 1,050 ($14.06) price', 'SEGRO alerts', 'SGRO', 'investors', 'Thursday', 'shares', 'Monday', 'July', 'Barclays', 'September', 'Co.', 'Tuesday', 'data', 'company', 'debt', 'beta', 'REIT', 'manager', 'developer', 'space', 'customers']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,etfdailynews.com
45785,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/26/2953944/0/en/Top-rank-for-Wolters-Kluwer-in-Newsweek-s-survey-on-most-trustworthy-companies-in-the-world.html,Top rank for Wolters Kluwer in Newsweek’s survey on most trustworthy companies in the world,PRESS RELEASE   Top rank for Wolters Kluwer in Newsweek’s survey on most trustworthy companies in the world   Ranking recognizes “companies that have......,PRESS RELEASETop rank for Wolters Kluwer in Newsweek’s surveyon most trustworthy companies in the worldRanking recognizes “companies that have earned the confidence of consumers  investors and employees by producing quality products  paying employees fair wages and effective leadership”Alphen aan den Rijn — September 26  2024 — Wolters Kluwer  a leading provider of professional information and software solutions  is proud to announce its number two ranking in the global Business & Professional Services Category on Newsweek's World's Most Trustworthy Companies list. It’s the second consecutive number two ranking for Wolters Kluwer in this annual survey. On a country base  Wolter Kluwer also ranks second among the 16 companies on the list that are based in the Netherlands.This well-followed and independently judged ranking of more than 1 000 companies globally is published by Newsweek in partnership with Statista. Newsweek reaches 100 million people each month.“We are honored to again be recognized as one of the world’s most trustworthy companies by Newsweek ” said Nancy McKinstry  CEO and Chair of the Board of Wolters Kluwer. “This achievement reflects Wolters Kluwer’s unwavering commitment to our core values of integrity  innovation  and customer focus. Our purpose is to empower professionals to make critical decisions with confidence  and trust is at the heart of everything we do.”Newsweek's comprehensive survey was based on 230 000 ratings from 70 000 respondents across 20 countries and 23 industries. Wolters Kluwer's recognition is a testament to its commitment to providing best-in-class professional information and software solutions to professionals in the healthcare  tax and accounting  financial and corporate compliance  legal and regulatory  and corporate performance and ESG sectors in more than 180 countries  including the majority of Fortune 500 companies.To learn more about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information  software solutions and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2023 annual revenues of €5.6 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 400 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com   follow us on LinkedIn   Facebook   YouTube and Instagram .Media Investors/Analysts Dave Guarino Meg Geldens Wolters KluwerVP  Head of Global Communications Wolters KluwerInvestor Relations t + 1 646 954 8215dave.guarino@wolterskluwer.comir@wolterskluwer.comStefan KloetWolters KluwerAssociate Director Global Communicationsstefan.kloet@wolterskluwer.comt +316 12 22 36 57Attachment,positive,0.78,0.22,0.0,positive,0.67,0.33,0.0,True,English,"['Top rank', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'trustworthy companies', 'Newsweek', 'survey', 'world', 'Analysts Dave Guarino Meg Geldens', 'second consecutive number two ranking', 'Associate Director Global Communications stefan', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Professional Services Category', 'Trustworthy Companies list', 'Stefan Kloet', 'global Business', 'global leader', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Top rank', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'quality products', 'fair wages', 'effective leadership', 'leading provider', 'software solutions', 'country base', 'Wolter Kluwer', 'Nancy McKinstry', 'core values', 'customer focus', 'critical decisions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'expert solutions', '2023 annual revenues', 'Investor Relations', 'professional information', 'Fortune 500 companies', 'annual survey', 'comprehensive survey', 'world Ranking', '100 million people', 'unwavering commitment', 'ESG sectors', 'Media Investors', '16 companies', '1,000 companies', '21,400 people', 'Newsweek', 'confidence', 'consumers', 'employees', 'September', 'Netherlands', 'partnership', 'Statista', 'CEO', 'Chair', 'Board', 'achievement', 'integrity', 'innovation', 'purpose', 'professionals', 'heart', 'everything', '230,000 ratings', '70,000 respondents', '20 countries', '23 industries', 'recognition', 'testament', 'class', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'financial', 'legal', 'regulatory', '180 countries', 'majority', 'wolterskluwer', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', 'operations', '40 countries', 'company', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'VP', 'Head', 'Attachment']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,globenewswire.com
45786,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/26/2953831/0/en/Stellantis-Recognizes-68-Global-and-Regional-Suppliers-at-Supplier-of-the-Year-Event.html,Stellantis Recognizes 68 Global and Regional Suppliers at Supplier of the Year Event,Stellantis Recognizes 68 Global and Regional Suppliers at Supplier of the Year Event  21 global suppliers presented “Supplier of the Year” award for...,Stellantis Recognizes 68 Global and Regional Suppliers at Supplier of the Year Event21 global suppliers presented “Supplier of the Year” award for their commitment  extraordinary quality and operational excellence in 2023Fourth annual Stellantis Supplier of the Year event in Lingotto  Italy  attended by over 200 global Stellantis suppliers and partnersTURIN  September 26  2024 – Stellantis recognized 68 global and regional suppliers for their extraordinary commitment  quality and operational excellence in 2023. 21 suppliers were recognized as the top performers in their respective categories and presented the “Supplier of the Year” award.The fourth annual event  held September 24 at the historic Lingotto Conference Center in Turin  Italy  was attended by over 200 Stellantis global suppliers and partners  underscoring the significance of the occasion.“We are thrilled to extend our sincerest congratulations to this year’s Supplier of the Year winners and nominees ” said Maxime Picat  Stellantis Chief Purchasing and Supply Chain Officer. “Our suppliers’ dedication and superior standards have been instrumental in overcoming challenges and achieving remarkable milestones. Their exceptional performance  collaborative spirit  and commitment to quality and punctuality have been pivotal to our ongoing growth plans.”2024 Stellantis Supplier of the Year Award WinnersQualityVMAX achieved benchmark field quality for the Battery Electric Vehicle (BEV) On-Board Charger  mitigating the Digital Signal Processer Chip crack crisis  and supporting the SmartCar and BEV Gen 2 launches.Program ManagementMayco International ensured launch protection  meeting program timing commitments  improving material releases  reducing shortages and opening a new molding facility for a key Stellantis product launch.InnovationGarrett is recognized for its innovative turbocharger technology  collaboration on the SMART EV project and commitment to sustainable mobility in regions with limited electrification.Indirect ServicesKyndryl managed essential business operations across multiple regions  enabling Stellantis’ ICT functions to focus on digital innovation  cybersecurity  new business models  and customer-centric solutions.Corporate Social ResponsibilityConstellium is recognized for its strong commitment to CSR  applying strict requirements to itself and its supply chain  and receiving positive ratings from renowned international bodies.Carbon FootprintGoodyear delivered exceptional performance in rolling resistance and vehicle efficiency  aligning their carbon footprint with Stellantis targets  and committing to significant emissions reductions  renewable electricity plans and sustainable materials by 2030.CapexCBWEE consistently exceeded expectations in key projects  establishing itself as a global leader in Body in White  effectively addressing challenges and mastering Stellantis’ technical standards.Raw MaterialsLyondellBassell excelled in competitiveness and commercial performance  supporting green materials development and being a reliable partner for Circular Economy initiatives with a customer-first approach.Supply Chain PartsDenso achieved nearly 100% on-time delivery globally  ensuring smooth operations and cost efficiency  demonstrating exceptional dedication and proactive problem-solving in South America and Enlarged Europe.Supply Chain LogisticsMSC showed exceptional leadership in global shipping logistics  demonstrating reliability and adaptability during industry challenges and supporting new business and route development.AftermarketLesha swiftly developed engine air and high-efficiency carbon filters  using advanced in-house testing labs  expanding and automating production lines  and creating cost-effective filters with PM 0.3 particle filtration  showcasing their innovation and leadership.PowertrainBhavani Industries is nominated for strong leadership  aligning with business needs  supporting key projects  resolving a dry oil quality issue in Europe and reliably delivering capacity on time.Body & InteriorMayco International demonstrated reliability year after year. Their proactive efforts in handling takeover and troubled supplier business on key programs like Wrangler  Gladiator  and Charger  while ensuring customer success  demonstrate their commitment to excellence and mutual growth.ElectricalQualcomm Technologies  Inc. demonstrated remarkable agility  providing invaluable technical support on critical projects  driving competitiveness and innovation and fostering a true partnership mindset.Chassis & AdaptationDicastal was awarded for their noteworthy economic and quality performances  and their ability to adapt to global market expectations. Their commendable commercial performance  regional competitiveness  and agility in opening plants in Morocco and Mexico have been key to supporting Stellantis globally.2024 Regional Supplier of the Year Award WinnersNorth AmericaAndroid’s commitment to collaboration  partnership and transparency is evident in their strategic efforts to industrialize the Ram for chassis suspension assemblies.South AmericaBrenex has demonstrated exceptional adaptability and commitment by increasing turnover  overcoming payment restrictions and ensuring seamless operations at Stellantis plants.Enlarged EuropeTiberina ensured timely industrialization for new launches  protected customers  supported cost reduction for Alfa Romeo and Maserati  achieved technical value optimization commitments and collaborated reliably during the raw material and energy crisis.Middle East & AfricaCOFAT Automotive Systems set new industry standards in efficiency and sustainability  excelling in collaborative development with Stellantis  and demonstrating adaptability in offering diverse  competitive solutions for demanding new business areas like electric micromobility.India & Asia PacificIM Gears delivered advanced engineering for annulus ring gears  diversifying to meet Stellantis’ needs  transparent communication  managing supply chain challenges and ensuring timely deliveries and project milestones.ChinaAdayo is recognized for being a reliable Stellantis partner expanding globally  surpassing expectations in wireless charging  and achieving significant cost competitiveness in sourcing for STLA Small and module platforms.2024 Supplier of the Year Award NomineesA global  cross-functional team selects “Supplier of the Year” award nominees and winners based on performance  innovation  alignment with Stellantis values and commitment and Dare Forward 2030 objectives. The following suppliers were nominated for outstanding performances in their respective categories.Agrati Exro MAIP Sanai Aisin BentelerBH EVSBorealis FuyaoGestampGrupo Cosmos Hankook MarketSource MetalsaNeo RodasNippon-Seiki SandenSchaeffler/KLSSGTMSiemens Carester CATLDGHDN IljinJASKebodaKirpart ONCFPersicoOPmobilityPPG SL CorpSumitomoTenglongTrefelt DSVElbaKostalLuboil PrincipleReply Zhuhai Glory FrictionMaxime Picat also reiterated the importance of partnerships and suppliers’ unwavering commitment to Stellantis’ transformative business objectives. Accordingly  Purchasing & Supply Chain Leadership team leaders shared the Company’s software strategy and plans for its unique portfolio of 14 iconic brands.###About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE: STLA / Euronext Milan: STLAM / Euronext Paris: STLAP) is one of the world’s leading automakers aiming to provide clean  safe and affordable freedom of mobility to all. It’s best known for its unique portfolio of iconic and innovative brands including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  FIAT  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Stellantis is executing its Dare Forward 2030  a bold strategic plan that paves the way to achieve the ambitious target of becoming a carbon net zero mobility tech company by 2038  with single-digit percentage compensation of the remaining emissions  while creating added value for all stakeholders. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comBashar CHOLAGH +1 248-425-4497 – bashar.cholagh@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.75,0.25,0.0,True,English,"['Regional Suppliers', 'Year Event', 'Stellantis', '68 Global', 'Digital Signal Processer Chip crack crisis', 'historic Lingotto Conference Center', 'dry oil quality issue', 'key Stellantis product launch', 'Fourth annual Stellantis Supplier', 'fourth annual event', 'innovative turbocharger technology', 'SMART EV project', 'Corporate Social Responsibility', 'significant emissions reductions', 'renewable electricity plans', 'Circular Economy initiatives', 'house testing labs', 'PM 0.3 particle filtration', 'invaluable technical support', 'new molding facility', 'Stellantis Chief Purchasing', 'Supply Chain Officer', 'ongoing growth plans', 'Battery Electric Vehicle', 'program timing commitments', 'Stellantis’ ICT functions', 'Supply Chain Parts', 'Supply Chain Logistics', 'renowned international bodies', 'new business models', 'global shipping logistics', 'essential business operations', 'benchmark field quality', 'BEV Gen 2 launches', 'Stellantis’ technical standards', 'true partnership mindset', 'green materials development', 'high-efficiency carbon filters', 'commendable commercial performance', 'troubled supplier business', 'global market expectations', '200 global Stellantis suppliers', '200 Stellantis global suppliers', 'digital innovation', 'Year Award Winners', 'launch protection', 'business needs', 'superior standards', 'Program Management', 'vehicle efficiency', 'Stellantis targets', 'key projects', 'smooth operations', 'route development', 'cost-effective filters', 'key programs', 'mutual growth', '21 global suppliers', '2024 Stellantis Supplier', 'Mayco International', 'Carbon Footprint', 'exceptional performance', 'sustainable materials', 'Raw Materials', 'global leader', 'Regional Suppliers', 'suppliers’ dedication', 'extraordinary quality', 'top performers', 'respective categories', 'sincerest congratulations', 'Maxime Picat', 'remarkable milestones', 'collaborative spirit', 'material releases', 'sustainable mobility', 'limited electrification', 'Indirect Services', 'customer-centric solutions', 'strict requirements', 'positive ratings', 'rolling resistance', 'reliable partner', 'customer-first approach', 'cost efficiency', 'exceptional dedication', 'proactive problem-solving', 'South America', 'engine air', 'production lines', 'Bhavani Industries', 'proactive efforts', 'customer success', 'Qualcomm Technologies', 'critical projects', 'noteworthy economic', 'quality performances', 'opening plants', 'North America', '2024 Regional Supplier', 'Year Event', 'operational excellence', 'exceptional leadership', 'strong leadership', 'Board Charger', 'multiple regions', 'time delivery', 'Enlarged Europe', 'remarkable agility', 'industry challenges', 'regional competitiveness', 'extraordinary commitment', 'strong commitment', '68 Global', '21 suppliers', 'Italy', 'TURIN', 'significance', 'occasion', 'nominees', 'punctuality', 'VMAX', 'SmartCar', 'shortages', 'Garrett', 'collaboration', 'Kyndryl', 'cybersecurity', 'Constellium', 'CSR', 'Goodyear', 'Capex', 'CBWEE', 'Body', 'White', 'LyondellBassell', 'Denso', 'MSC', 'reliability', 'adaptability', 'Aftermarket', 'Lesha', 'Powertrain', 'capacity', 'Interior', 'takeover', 'Wrangler', 'Gladiator', 'Electrical', 'Chassis', 'Adaptation', 'Dicastal', 'Morocco', 'Mexico', 'Android', 'transparency', 'strate', '2023']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,globenewswire.com
45787,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/26/2953485/0/en/Pharming-announces-marketing-authorization-in-the-U-K-for-Joenja-leniolisib.html,Pharming announces marketing authorization in the U.K. for Joenja® (leniolisib),For media and investors only      Indicated for adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older with activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta......,For media and investors onlyIndicated for adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older with activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS)Leiden  the Netherlands  September 26  2024: Pharming Group N.V. (“Pharming” or “the Company”) (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) announces that the United Kingdom (U.K.) Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) has granted marketing authorization for Joenja® (leniolisib) for the treatment of activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS) in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older.Leniolisib  an oral  selective PI3Kδ inhibitor  is the first treatment approved in the U.K. specifically for APDS  a rare and progressive primary immunodeficiency. Leniolisib is currently under evaluation by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) regarding reimbursement within the National Health Service (NHS) in England.Sijmen de Vries  Chief Executive Officer of Pharming  commented:“The MHRA approval of Joenja®  the first treatment option specifically indicated for APDS  is an important milestone for people in the U.K. living with this debilitating disease. To date  management of APDS has relied on the treatment of the diverse symptoms associated with APDS or for some patients  the need to undergo hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. We are therefore delighted that this product is now approved in the U.K. Today also marks Pharming’s third country approval for APDS  bringing us closer to our goal of becoming a leading global rare disease company dedicated to patient communities with unmet medical needs.”The MHRA evaluated the Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) for leniolisib through the International Recognition Procedure (IRP) pathway on the basis of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval received in March 2023.Important Safety InformationThe full Summary of Product Characteristics (SPC/SmPC) for Joenja® (leniolisib) will be available on the MHRA website at https://products.mhra.gov.uk/.About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that was first characterized in 2013. APDS is caused by variants in either one of two identified genes known as PIK3CD or PIK3R1  which are vital to the development and function of immune cells in the body. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway  which causes immune cells to fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation1 2 3 APDS is characterized by a variety of symptoms  including severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.4 5 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  it has been reported that people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.6 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.4-7 A definitive diagnosis can be made through genetic testing. APDS affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million worldwide.About leniolisibLeniolisib is an oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kẟ) inhibitor approved in the U.S.  the U.K. and Israel as the first and only targeted treatment indicated for activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS) in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older. Leniolisib inhibits the production of phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate  which serves as an important cellular messenger and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Results from a randomized  placebo-controlled Phase III clinical trial demonstrated statistically significant improvement in the coprimary endpoints  reflecting a favorable impact on the immune dysregulation and deficiency seen in these patients  and interim open label extension data has supported the safety and tolerability of long-term leniolisib administration.8 9 Leniolisib is currently under regulatory review in the European Economic Area  Canada and Australia  with plans to pursue further regulatory approvals in Japan and South Korea. Leniolisib is also being evaluated in two Phase III clinical trials in children with APDS.About Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules and biologics. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  the Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn .Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  ‘‘anticipate’’  ‘‘believe’’  ‘‘could’’  ‘‘estimate’’  ‘‘expect’’  ‘‘goals’’  ‘‘intend’’  ‘‘may’’  “milestones”  ‘‘objectives’’  ‘‘outlook’’  ‘‘plan’’  ‘‘probably’’  ‘‘project’’  ‘‘risks’’  “schedule”  ‘‘seek’’  ‘‘should’’  ‘‘target’’  ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory  commercial  competitive and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2023 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information  future events or other information.ReferencesLucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15(1):88-97. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2020 Dec;59(3):323-333. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338. Rao VK  et al Blood. 2023 Mar 2;141(9):971-983. Rao VK  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol 2024;153:265-74.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlUS PRChristina RenfroeE: Christina.Renfroe@precisionaq.comT: +1 (636) 352-7883Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.39,0.15,0.46,True,English,"['marketing authorization', 'U.K.', 'Pharming', 'Joenja', 'leniolisib', 'randomized, placebo-controlled Phase III clinical trial', 'oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'two Phase III clinical trials', 'interim open label extension data', 'leading global rare disease company', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'hematopoietic stem cell transplantation', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'oral, selective PI3Kδ inhibitor', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'Healthcare products Regulatory Agency', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'Sijmen de Vries', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'unmet medical needs', 'International Recognition Procedure', 'two identified genes', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'European Economic Area', 'protein replacement therapies', 'important cellular messenger', 'Marketing Authorisation Application', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'third country approval', 'permanent lung damage', 'progressive primary immunodeficiency', 'Important Safety Information', 'U.S. Food', 'National Health Service', 'first treatment option', 'long-term leniolisib administration', 'small molecules', 'progressive disease', 'PI3Kẟ) inhibitor', 'debilitating disease', 'IRP) pathway', 'important milestone', 'cell functions', 'cell survival', 'regulatory review', 'regulatory approvals', 'marketing authorization', 'National Institute', 'Drug Administration', 'PI3Kδ) syndrome', 'U.K.', 'EURONEXT Amsterdam', 'United Kingdom', 'Care Excellence', 'patient communities', 'full Summary', 'immune cells', 'definitive diagnosis', 'genetic testing', 'significant improvement', 'coprimary endpoints', 'favorable impact', 'South Korea', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'targeted treatment', 'MHRA approval', 'MHRA website', 'Product Characteristics', 'cytokine production', 'immune dysregulation', 'precision medicines', 'pediatric patients', 'diverse symptoms', '1 to 2 people', 'The MHRA', 'investors', 'adult', '12 years', 'APDS', 'Leiden', 'Netherlands', 'PHARM/Nasdaq', 'Joenja®', 'evaluation', 'NICE', 'reimbursement', 'NHS', 'England', 'date', 'management', 'Today', 'goal', 'MAA', 'basis', 'FDA', 'March', 'SPC/SmPC', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'development', 'body', 'hyperactivity', 'variety', 'lymphoproliferation', 'autoimmunity', 'enteropathy', 'conditions', 'accumulation', 'time', 'lymphoma', 'million', 'Israel', 'phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate', 'multitude', 'differentiation', 'angiogenesis', 'metabolism', 'Results', 'tolerability', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'plans', 'Japan', 'children', 'lives', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,globenewswire.com
45788,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/26/2953484/0/en/Capital-Markets-Day-Solutions30-outlines-its-2026-roadmap.html,Capital Markets Day - Solutions30 outlines its 2026 roadmap,A European leader in rapid-response  multi-technology fields services  positioned on attractive markets where key players are investing several billions per year,A European leader in rapid-response  multi-technology fields services  positioned on attractive markets where key players are investing several billions per yearA >€1 bn Group entering a new phase of its development  prioritizing margins and cash generation and applying strict selectivity and discipline to its operations  particularly on its most mature marketsGermany emerging as Group’s top performer in terms of growth and profitability and future 3rd pillar alongside France and Benelux  with revenue to triple and reach €150m to €200m by 2026 as a first milestoneClear action plan to accelerate diversification in energy transition-related services  expected to triple in size in France by 2026 and to rise sharply in other countriesStrong focus on margin: adjusted EBITDA margin expected above 10% in all three major geographies by 2026Disciplined capital allocation: selective and accretive bolt-on M&A while maintaining a conservative financial policy  based on non-dilutive financingSolutions30 is holding today a Capital Markets Day in Paris  where it will present its roadmap for 2026. The presentation is available live through a webcast (see connection details at the end of this press release).Gianbeppi Fortis  Chief Executive Officer said: “Over the past 20 years  Solutions30 has consistently demonstrated its ability to grow and replicate its unique business model across technologies and sectors where it makes a difference for its customers. Now  having surpassed €1bn in revenue across nine countries  Solutions30 is entering a new phase of development with clear priorities: to establish Germany as the Group’s third pillar and top-performing region  accelerate diversification into the energy transition-related services  prioritize margins over volumes through strict discipline and contract selectivity particularly in its mature markets  and improve cash generation while maintaining a conservative financial policy. Although our ambition extends far beyond  we are setting an initial milestone for 2026  with concrete action plans and realistic targets  tailored to each of our markets. We are confident that our strategy will drive sustainable  long-term profitable growth.”A European leader in rapid-response  multi-technology field services positioned on attractive markets driven by the digital transformation and the energy transitionSince its inception 20 years ago  Solutions30 has demonstrated its agility to deploy its business model wherever it makes a difference. Originated as a technology company  it has followed technological evolution and captured market opportunities from IT support to telecommunications  then energy.Today  Solutions30 operates in 9 countries with 16 000 technicians and revenue over €1bn across 3 verticals: Connectivity (76% of Group revenue)  Energy (14%) and Technology (10%). Key European customers on these markets  typically large technology and energy B2B and B2C groups  have announced several billion euros of investment budget per year  with a cumulative c.€50 billion p.a. in the coming years  driven by two strong secular trends that are shaping today’s world: the digital transformation and the energy transition.Entering a new phase of development with a clear 2026 roadmapHaving surpassed the €1 billion revenue mark in 2023  and active in a broad range of markets with different stages of maturity  Solutions30 is entering a new phase of its development. Although its ambition extends far beyond  the Group is setting today an initial milestone for 2026  with concrete  bottom-up action plans and targets defined at regional level  and an over-arching priority given to selectivity and profitability.In Benelux  Solutions30 is currently navigating a temporary situation where ongoing negotiations between Belgian telecom service providers aimed at streamlining fiber deployments across the country are causing delays in the Group’s activities and therefore impacting its performance in 2024. However  faced with strong opportunities offered by the early stage of fiber roll-out in Belgium  as well as the massive investments in power grid upgrade across the region  the Group is confident it can capitalize on its strong market positioning and resume its profitable growth trajectory as soon as 2025 (regardless of the outcome of the aforementioned negotiations) and expects adjusted EBITDA margin above 10% by 2026.In France  vast opportunities lie ahead in the Energy sector  where the Group has successfully replicated his business model and has emerged as a key partner to its customers. Energy revenue is expected to triple compared to 2023 and reach c. €150 million in 2026. In Connectivity  the Group is working towards stabilization  applying strict contract selectivity and prioritizing margins over volumes  while positioning itself to seize future opportunities like copper decommissioning  which could represent a market size of up to €1 billion per year. Adjusted EBITDA margin  benefitting from the comprehensive transformation plan launched in 2022  is expected to be above 10% by 2026.Germany is delivering on its promises  establishing itself as the Group’s top performer in terms of revenue growth  margins and cash flow performance. While the region is on a trajectory to become Solutions30’s third pillar alongside France and Benelux  benefitting from unique market dynamics in both Connectivity and Energy  a first milestone is set in 2026  when Germany’s revenue is expected between €150 million and €200 million  with adjusted EBITDA margin well above 10%. The country should then continue to grow faster than the rest of the Group.Across the rest of Europe  Solutions30 has adopted a portfolio management approach  aiming at sustaining Poland’s profitable growth  further improving performance in the UK  and either restoring margin in Italy and Spain by 2026 or initiating a strategic review in these two countries.Targeted and selective bolt-on acquisitions as a key growth driver. Since 2009  the Group has leveraged this strategy  successfully completing over 30 acquisitions with a combined annual revenue of approximately €350 million  all financed without any capital increase. Bolt-on M&A will continue to be a central pillar of the Group’s growth strategy and a primary focus for capital allocation  as part of a conservative financial policy that has historically resulted in a very limited leverage ratio  consistently below 2x net debt to adjusted EBITDA  and excludes any dilutive financing instruments.Lastly  the Group confirms its 2024 full-year outlook  as detailed in its press release dated September 18th  2024.Beyond 2026  longer-term ambitionsBuilding on its strong positioning  the attractiveness of its markets  and the fragmented nature of its competition  Solutions30 believes that  in the long term  it can double in size  with a service portfolio increasingly focused on Energy  and achieve a double-digit adjusted EBITDA margin at the Group level. Upon completion of its 2026 roadmap  Solutions30 will host another Capital Markets Day to set objectives for the next milestone.Sustainability at the heart of Solutions30’s businessA significant portion of Solutions30’s activities act as enablers of the energy transition. 8% of the Group’s revenue is aligned with the EU Taxonomy for sustainable activities  including installation and maintenance of Smart meters  photovoltaic panels  EV chargers and grid services  as well as reutilization and refurbishment of IT equipment. Internally  the Group has defined a comprehensive ESG strategy  translated into concrete objectives for 2024  which will be complemented by 2030 carbon emissions reduction targets for Scope 1  2 & 3 through the SBTi process (validation expected by the end of 2024).Webcast for investors and analystsDate: Wednesday  September 26  20248:30 PM (CET) – 7:30 PM (GMT)Speakers:Thomas Kremer  Member of the Supervisory BoardGianbeppi Fortis  Chief Executive OfficerAmaury Boilot  Group General SecretaryLuc Brusselaers  Chief Revenue OfficerWojcieh Pomykala  Chief Operations OfficerKatarzyna Kuszewska  Group Head of LegalDenis Coleu  Groupe HR DirectorJonathan Crauwels  Chief Financial OfficerNathalie Duchesne  Group Head of ESG  Risk & ComplianceConnection details:Webcast in English: https://solutions30.capital-markets-day.eu/Upcoming eventsQ3 2024 Revenue Report November 4  2024 (after market close)About Solutions30 SESolutions30 provides consumers and businesses with access to the key technological advancements that are shaping our everyday lives  especially those driving the digital transformation and energy transition. With its network of more than 16 000 technicians  Solutions30 has completed over 65 million call-outs since its inception and led over 500 renewable energy projects with a combined maximum output surpassing 1600 MWp. Every day  Solutions30 is doing its part to build a more connected and sustainable world. Solutions30 has become an industry leader in Europe with operations in 10 countries: France  Italy  Germany  the Netherlands  Belgium  Luxembourg  Spain  Portugal  the United Kingdom  and Poland.The capital of Solutions30 SE consists of 107 127 984 shares  equal to the number of theoretical votes that can be exercised. Solutions30 SE is listed on the Euronext Paris exchange (ISIN FR0013379484- code S30). Stock indexes: CAC Mid & Small | CAC Small | CAC Technology | Euro Stoxx Total Market Technology | Euronext Tech Croissance.Visit our website for more information: www.solutions30.comContactIndividual Shareholders:shareholders@solutions30.com - Tel: +33 (0)1 86 86 00 63Analysts/investors:investor.relations@solutions30.comPress - Image 7:Charlotte Le Barbier - Tel: +33 6 78 37 27 60 - clebarbier@image7.frAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.1,0.88,0.02,True,English,"['Capital Markets Day', 'Solutions30', '2026 roadmap', 'Belgian telecom service providers', 'rapid-response, multi-technology fields services', 'rapid-response, multi-technology field services', 'two strong secular trends', 'concrete, bottom-up action plans', 'sustainable, long-term profitable growth', 'concrete action plans', 'profitable growth trajectory', 'three major geographies', 'Disciplined capital allocation', 'conservative financial policy', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'power grid upgrade', 'Clear action plan', 'energy transition-related services', 'several billion euros', 'comprehensive transformation plan', 'strong market positioning', 'future 3rd pillar', 'Capital Markets Day', 'unique business model', '€1 billion revenue mark', 'Adjusted EBITDA margin', 'strict contract selectivity', 'Key European customers', 'Strong focus', 'strong opportunities', 'several billions', 'third pillar', 'future opportunities', 'European leader', 'key players', 'strict selectivity', 'clear priorities', 'digital transformation', 'market opportunities', 'key partner', 'new phase', 'cash generation', 'top performer', 'first milestone', 'accretive bolt', 'M&A', 'dilutive financing', 'connection details', 'press release', 'Gianbeppi Fortis', 'past 20 years', 'initial milestone', 'technological evolution', 'IT support', 'energy B2B', 'B2C groups', 'investment budget', 'coming years', 'broad range', 'different stages', 'regional level', 'arching priority', 'temporary situation', 'fiber deployments', 'early stage', 'fiber roll-out', 'massive investments', 'vast opportunities', 'Energy sector', 'copper decommissioning', 'strict discipline', 'clear 2026 roadmap', 'market size', 'attractive markets', 'mature markets', 'other countries', 'nine countries', 'technology company', 'large technology', 'Energy revenue', 'top-performing region', 'realistic targets', 'ongoing negotiations', '>€1 bn Group', 'Group revenue', '9 countries', 'development', 'margins', 'operations', 'Germany', 'terms', 'profitability', 'France', 'Benelux', 'diversification', 'selective', 'non', 'Solutions30', 'Paris', 'presentation', 'webcast', 'technologies', 'sectors', 'difference', 'volumes', 'ambition', 'strategy', 'inception', 'agility', 'telecommunications', '16,000 technicians', '3 verticals', 'Connectivity', 'cumulative', 'world', 'maturity', 'country', 'delays', 'activities', 'performance', 'Belgium', 'outcome', 'stabilization']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,globenewswire.com
45789,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/ab-science-provides-an-update-on-the-microtubule-program-ab8939-and-in-particular-the-ability-of-ab8939-to-generate-response-on-mecom-rearrangement-93CH-3633267,AB Science provides an update on the microtubule program AB8939 and in particular the ability of AB8939 to generate response on MECOM rearrangement By Investing.com,AB Science provides an update on the microtubule program AB8939 and in particular the ability of AB8939 to generate response on MECOM rearrangement,"PRESS RELEASEAB SCIENCE PROVIDES AN UPDATE ON THE MICROTUBULE PROGRAM AB8939 AND IN PARTICULAR THE ABILITY OF AB8939 TO GENERATE RESPONSE ON MECOM REARRANGEMENTParis  26 September 2024  8.30am CETAB Science SA (Euronext - FR0010557264 - AB) today provides an update on the microtubule program AB8939 and in particular the ability of AB8939 to generate response on MECOM rearrangement.AB8939 is a novel microtubule destabilizer currently evaluated in phase 1 clinical trial (study AB18001  NCT05211570) in patients with refractory and relapsed acute myeloid leukemia (AML).The phase 1 clinical trial of AB8939 completed its first step  consisting in determining the maximum tolerated dose following 3 consecutive days of AB8939 treatment  and was authorized to proceed with the next step  consisting in determining the maximum tolerated dose following 14 consecutive days of AB8939 treatment.The phase 1 clinical trial continues to determine MTD and the study is now at the last cycle of the 14 days evaluation.The next step will be to determine the MTD in the combination of AB8939 with Vidaza ® (azacitidine).AB Science previously reported [1] a case of complete bone marrow response in an AML patient in failure to prior treatment with azacitidine and presenting with a MECOM gene rearrangement  which consists of chromosomic aberrations of EVI1 oncogene  leading to one of the worst prognostics in AML and is associated with lack of response and resistance to conventional chemotherapy.New data confirm that there is a signal of activity against MECOM  with AB8939 generating a complete response in combination with Vidaza  as evidenced by a synergistic effect in a patient-derived xenograft (PDX) mouse model bearing the MECOM rearrangement. PDX are cell lines coming from patients that are grafted to immune deficient mice to mimic as closely as possible the human disease.AB8939 was able to generate 50% response when used as a single agent on MECOM cell lines ex vivo in a non-clinical setting.In the phase 1 trial  4 patients bore the MECOM rearrangement and 50% responded to AB8939 when used as a single agent.In phase 1  so far  AB8939 does not appear to be toxic to bone marrow  avoiding severe neutropenia and suggesting the possibility to use the drug for long-term treatment.These data taken together confirm the opportunity to develop AB8939 in phase 2 clinical trial in MECOM as a single agent or in combination with Vidaza.The advantage is that a small study could be sufficient to comply with FDA guideline on accelerated approval.Professor Olivier Hermine  President of the AB Science Scientific Committee and member of the French Academy of Sciences and Head of haematology Department at Necker Hospital commented: AB8939 can be developed in the other patients suffering from AML  but MECOM represents a real opportunity to use the accelerated approval pathway  since it lacks treatment  patients are unresponsive to existing therapy and survival is usually inferior to 6 months. A phase 2 with a limited sample size  non-controlled  and showing a 30% response rate at month 3  with a survival potential at 6 months would probably be convincing enough for an accelerated approval. This will be discussed with FDA in future regulatory milestone. This study could be implemented in 2025. Moreover  MECOM extends beyond AML and are present in high-risk myelodysplasia (MDS) and ovarian cancer.Two patents have been filed protecting AB8939 in AML  one global composition of matter (granted) and a second one protecting the use of AB8939 in cancers displaying MECOM rearrangement (pending)  with protection until 2036 and 2044 respectively.About MECOMAML represents a heterogeneous group of diseases with different responses to treatment  which can be separated by genetic abnormalities. Overexpression of MECOM occurs in approximately 10% of AML patients and is associated with a poor prognosis  in part due to its important role in the maintenance of leukemic stem cells (LSCs) [2]. Because of their quiescent (inactive) state  LSCs are not targeted by any antimitotic chemotherapy and can therefore re-establish the disease after therapy.About AB8939AB8939 is a new synthetic microtubule-destabilizing drug. Preclinical data show that AB8939 has broad anticancer activity [3-5]  with a notable advantage over standard chemotherapies that target microtubules of being able to overcome P-glycoprotein (Pgp) and myeloperoxidase (MPO) mediated drug resistance. Development of drug resistance often restricts the clinical efficacy of microtubule-targeting chemotherapy drugs (for example  taxanes and vinca alkaloids); thus  AB8939 has strong potential to be developed in numerous oncology indications.AB8939 was granted orphan drug designation for AML from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).AB8939 was entirely discovered by the laboratories of AB Science  which retains full ownership of intellectual rights  and is an example of AB Science's focus on innovative drug development focused on improving patients' lives.The first indication AB8939 is being developed for is acute myeloid leukemia (AML). Cytarabine (Ara-C) and azacytidine are standard chemotherapies for AML treatment  however  drug resistance is a major limitation to successful therapy. In vivo data from a highly resistant Ara-C patient derived xenograft (PDX) mouse model showed that AB8939  administered alone or in combination with Ara-C  increased survival relative to single agent Ara-C  with an accompanying significant reduction of blasts in blood and decrease in tumor growth. Further evidence of therapeutic potential was demonstrated using an azacytidine resistant PDX model with AB8939  administered alone or in combination with azacytidine  showing a significant reduction of blasts relative to single agent azacytidine. Moreover  while azacytidine was associated with strong treatment related hematotoxicity  AB8939 did not induce hematotoxicity throughout its 4-week treatment period.About acute myeloid leukemia (AML)Acute myeloid leukemia (AML) is a serious  life-threating condition and the most common cause of leukemia-related mortality  with a majority of patients facing a highly unsatisfactory prognosis. As such  AML represents an unmet medical need  with limited therapeutic options for patients who are refractory or too frail to benefit from potentially curative but highly toxic treatment  or for those patients that have relapsed following a first complete response. The prevalence of AML in western countries is around 1 per 5 000 persons  corresponding to around 100 000 cases in Europe and 60 000 in the USA. Among AML patients  it is estimated that approximately 50% of the patients will not have stem cell transplantation and will relapse. Therefore  the estimated targeted population of AB8938 in AML is around 80 000 people in Europe and the US.References[1] AB Science press release dated 13 March 2023[2] Paubelle E  Plesa A  Hayette S  et al. Efficacy of All-Trans-Retinoic Acid in High-Risk Acute Myeloid Leukemia with Overexpression of EVI1. Oncol Ther. 2019;7(2):121-130. Doi:10.1007/s40487-019-0095-9[3] Goubard A  Humbert M  Mansfield C  Hermine O  Dubreuil P  et al. In Vivo Assessment of the Next Generation Microtubule-Destabilizing Agent AB8939 in Patient-derived Xenograft Models of Acute Myeloid Leukemia. Blood (2019) 134 (Supplement_1): 5142. doi.org/10.1182/blood-2019-127143[4] Goubard A  Humbert M  Mansfield C  Hermine O  Dubreuil P  et al. AB8939  a Microtubule-Destabilizing Agent with Potential to Overcome Multidrug Resistance  is Active Across the Range (M0“M7) of Acute Myeloid Leukemia Subtypes. Blood (2019) 134 (Supplement_1): 5154. doi.org/10.1182/blood-2019-127021[5] Humbert M  Goubard A  Mansfield C  Hermine O  Dubreuil P  et al. Anticancer Activity of a Highly Potent Small Molecule Tubulin Polymerization Inhibitor  AB8939. Blood (2019) 134 (Supplement_1): 2075. doi.org/10.1182/blood-2019-122540About AB ScienceFounded in 2001  AB Science is a pharmaceutical company specializing in the research  development and commercialization of protein kinase inhibitors (PKIs)  a class of targeted proteins whose action are key in signaling pathways within cells. Our programs target only diseases with high unmet medical needs  often lethal with short term survival or rare or refractory to previous line of treatment.AB Science has developed a proprietary portfolio of molecules and the Company's lead compound  masitinib  has already been registered for veterinary medicine and is developed in human medicine in oncology  neurological diseases  inflammatory diseases and viral diseases. The company is headquartered in Paris  France  and listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: AB).Further information is available on AB Science's website:www.ab-science.com.Forward-looking Statements - AB ScienceThis press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates as well as the assumptions on which they are based  statements based on projects  objectives  intentions and expectations regarding financial results  events  operations  future services  product development and their potential or future performance.These forward-looking statements can often be identified by the words ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""intend""  ""estimate"" or ""plan"" as well as other similar terms. While AB Science believes these forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of AB Science and which may imply that results and actual events significantly differ from those expressed  induced or anticipated in the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include the uncertainties related to product development of the Company which may not be successful or to the marketing authorizations granted by competent authorities or  more generally  any factors that may affect marketing capacity of the products developed by AB Science  as well as those developed or identified in the public documents published by AB Science. AB Science disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update the forward-looking information and statements  subject to the applicable regulations  in particular articles 223-1 et seq. of the AMF General Regulations.For additional information  please contact:AB ScienceFinancial Communication & Media Relationsinvestors@ab-science.comAttachmentCP AB8939 Update. VENG VF (NYSE: )Source: AB Science",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['AB Science', 'microtubule program', 'MECOM rearrangement', 'update', 'ability', 'AB8939', 'response', 'Investing', 'patient-derived xenograft (PDX) mouse model', 'new synthetic microtubule-destabilizing drug', 'AB Science Scientific Committee', 'complete bone marrow response', 'maximum tolerated dose', 'Professor Olivier Hermine', 'limited sample size', 'future regulatory milestone', 'leukemic stem cells', 'quiescent (inactive) state', 'numerous oncology indications', 'U.S. Food', 'one global composition', 'orphan drug designation', 'novel microtubule destabilizer', 'microtubule-targeting chemotherapy drugs', 'broad anticancer activity', 'AB Science SA', 'phase 1 clinical trial', 'phase 2 clinical trial', 'accelerated approval pathway', 'innovative drug development', 'MECOM gene rearrangement', 'MECOM cell lines', 'phase 1 trial', 'complete response', 'New data', 'clinical setting', 'clinical efficacy', 'second one', 'Drug Administration', 'MICROTUBULE PROGRAM', 'conventional chemotherapy', 'antimitotic chemotherapy', 'drug resistance', 'PRESS RELEASE', '8.30am CET', 'myeloid leukemia', 'first step', '3 consecutive days', 'next step', '14 consecutive days', 'last cycle', '14 days evaluation', 'chromosomic aberrations', 'EVI1 oncogene', 'worst prognostics', 'synergistic effect', 'deficient mice', 'single agent', 'severe neutropenia', 'French Academy', 'haematology Department', 'Necker Hospital', 'high-risk myelodysplasia', 'ovarian cancer', 'Two patents', 'heterogeneous group', 'different responses', 'genetic abnormalities', 'poor prognosis', 'important role', 'standard chemotherapies', 'vinca alkaloids', 'full ownership', 'intellectual rights', 'first indication', 'MECOM REARRANGEMENT', 'GENERATE RESPONSE', '30% response rate', 'prior treatment', 'long-term treatment', 'Preclinical data', 'human disease', 'real opportunity', 'existing therapy', 'notable advantage', 'strong potential', 'other patients', ""patients' lives"", 'FDA guideline', 'small study', 'AML patient', 'AB8939 treatment', '50% response', '4 patients', 'UPDATE', 'PARTICULAR', 'ABILITY', 'Paris', '26 September', 'Euronext', 'refractory', 'MTD', 'combination', 'Vidaza ®', 'azacitidine', 'case', 'failure', 'lack', 'signal', 'immune', 'possibility', 'President', 'member', 'Sciences', 'Head', 'survival', '6 months', 'MDS', 'matter', 'cancers', 'protection', 'diseases', 'Overexpression', 'maintenance', 'LSCs', 'microtubules', 'P-glycoprotein', 'Pgp', 'myeloperoxidase', 'example', 'taxanes', 'laboratories', 'focus']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,investing.com
45790,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/26/2953639/0/en/ForFarmers-sharpens-its-sustainability-ambitions-for-a-future-proof-agricultural-sector.html,ForFarmers sharpens its sustainability ambitions for a future-proof agricultural sector,Lochem  26 September 2024                 ForFarmers sharpens its sustainability ambitions for a future-proof agricultural sector                         ...,"Lochem  26 September 2024ForFarmers sharpens its sustainability ambitions for a future-proof agricultural sectorForFarmers is committed to future-proof farming through knowledge  advice  support and products on farm. Sustainability plays an essential role in this and is therefore a fundamental part of its mission 'For the Future of Farming'. In that context  ForFarmers has further sharpened its sustainability ambitions to be able to support farmers and chain partners in the sector’s transition. ForFarmers aims to reduce its own CO 2 emissions by one-third by 2030 compared to the year 2022. In addition  ForFarmers aims to increase the use of circular raw materials by one-third and is committed to protecting biodiversity.One-third reduction of CO 2 emissionsForFarmers aims to reduce CO 2 emissions from its own operations by one-third by 2030. This is a step towards its ambition to be net climate neutral by 2050. This will contribute to making the chain more sustainable  in line with the Paris climate agreement.This will be achieved by reducing emissions in its own operations by lowering its energy consumption  and where possible  make use of renewable energy (scope 1 and 2). In addition  ForFarmers is focusing on making its raw material procurement more sustainable and reducing on-farm emissions (scope 3).These emission targets are being validated by the Science Based Target initiative (SBTi) so that they are fully in line with the Paris Climate Agreement.One-third more circular raw materialsLivestock farming is crucial to producing affordable and sustainable food by returning co-products or residual flows from the human food industry back into the food chain as much as possible. By processing these co-products into animal feed  they are converted into high-quality proteins such as milk  meat and eggs. This makes livestock farming an indispensable part of the food chain. ForFarmers aims to increase the share of circular raw materials by one-third  meaning that 65% of the raw materials used will be circular by 2030. The recent acquisition of Van Triest Veevoeders B.V. is an important step in achieving this ambition.Protecting biodiversityForFarmers is committed to protecting biodiversity by aiming to responsibly source 100% of all raw materials by 2030. There is also a focus on advising farmers on sustainable land use and reducing nitrogen emissions.Pieter Wolleswinkel  CEO ForFarmers: ""Working together on affordable and sustainable food is our dot on the horizon. We are convinced that in the future livestock farming will remain an essential part of the food chain by upgrading co-products from the food industry to high-quality proteins such as milk  meat and eggs  with low emissions and a contribution to biodiversity. As an important chain partner  we take our responsibility by contributing to a future-proof agricultural sector. As a company  we are committed every day to achieving these goals as part of our mission: 'For the Future of Farming'.""This press release contains information that qualifies as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Note to editors / For more information:ForFarmers  Ilse Niehof-Duivelshof  +31 (0) 573 288800Profile of ForFarmersForFarmers N.V. ('ForFarmers') is a company offering complete feed solutions for (organic) livestock farming. With its mission statement ""For the Future of Farming""  ForFarmers is committed to future-proof farming and making the agricultural sector even more sustainable. Our goal is clear: to contribute to good returns and a robust long-term earnings model. How? By leading the way with knowledge  advice  support and products on the farm. Close to the farmers  solution-oriented and with an open mind to the future. The result: a contribution to affordable and sustainable food  For the Future of Farming. With sales of around 8.4 million tonnes of animal feed  ForFarmers is a leading player in Europe. The company has production operations in the Netherlands (head office)  Germany  Poland and the UK and exports to various countries within and outside Europe. ForFarmers has around 2 600 employees. Its turnover was approximately €3 billion in 2023. ForFarmers N.V. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam.ForFarmers N.V.  PO Box 91  7240 AB Lochem  T: +31 (0)573 28 88 00info@forfarmers.eu   www.forfarmersgroup.euFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis document contains forward-looking statements that relate  among other things  to ForFarmers' regulatory capital and liquidity positions under certain specified scenarios. In addition  forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  statements containing words such as ''intends''  ''expects''  ''takes into account''  ''aims at''  ''has the plan''  ''estimates'' and words of similar purport. These statements concern or may affect future matters  such as ForFarmers' future financial results  business plans and current strategies. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and performance to differ materially from the expected future results or performance implicitly or explicitly contained in forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause  or contribute to  differences in current expectations include  but are not limited to: developments in legislation  technology  taxation  case law and regulations  fluctuations in stock prices  legal proceedings  investigations by regulators  competitive conditions  and general economic conditions. These and other factors  risks and uncertainties that may affect any forward-looking statement or the actual results of ForFarmers are discussed in the latest published annual report. The forward-looking statements contained in this document relate solely to statements as of the date of this document  and ForFarmers assumes no obligation or responsibility to update the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement  whether in connection with new information  future events or otherwise  unless ForFarmers is required by law to do so.",neutral,0.15,0.85,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.19,0.33,True,English,"['future-proof agricultural sector', 'sustainability ambitions', 'ForFarmers', 'Van Triest Veevoeders B.V.', 'Science Based Target initiative', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'robust long-term earnings model', 'net climate neutral', 'Paris climate agreement', 'raw material procurement', 'complete feed solutions', 'circular raw materials', 'ForFarmers N.V.', 'human food industry', 'important chain partner', 'future-proof agricultural sector', ""ForFarmers' regulatory capital"", 'organic) livestock farming', 'future financial results', 'sustainable land use', 'future livestock farming', 'actual results', 'sustainable food', 'animal feed', 'future-proof farming', 'food chain', 'sustainability ambitions', 'Sustainability plays', 'essential role', 'chain partners', 'energy consumption', 'renewable energy', 'emission targets', 'residual flows', 'high-quality proteins', 'recent acquisition', 'important step', 'Pieter Wolleswinkel', 'press release', 'Ilse Niehof-Duivelshof', 'good returns', 'open mind', '8.4 million tonnes', 'leading player', 'head office', 'various countries', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'PO Box', 'other things', 'liquidity positions', 'similar purport', 'business plans', 'current strategies', 'CO 2 emissions', 'nitrogen emissions', 'low emissions', 'fundamental part', 'indispensable part', 'essential part', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'future matters', '7240 AB Lochem', 'CEO ForFarmers', 'inside information', 'mission statement', 'production operations', 'One-third reduction', 'farm emissions', '26 September', 'knowledge', 'advice', 'support', 'products', 'context', 'transition', 'year', 'addition', 'biodiversity', 'line', 'scope', 'SBTi', 'affordable', 'milk', 'meat', 'eggs', 'share', 'focus', 'dot', 'horizon', 'contribution', 'responsibility', 'company', 'goals', 'meaning', 'Note', 'editors', 'Profile', 'way', 'sales', 'Europe', 'Netherlands', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'UK', 'exports', '2,600 employees', 'turnover', 'forfarmersgroup', 'document', 'scenarios', 'limitation', 'words', 'account', 'estimates', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'performance', '573']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,globenewswire.com
45791,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/09/26/public-storage-nysepsa-shares-sold-by-blair-william-co-il/,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) Shares Sold by Blair William & Co. IL,Blair William & Co. IL decreased its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 5.3% in the 2nd quarter  Holdings Channel.com reports. The firm owned 2 886 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 162 shares during the peri…,Blair William & Co. IL decreased its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 5.3% in the 2nd quarter  Holdings Channel.com reports. The firm owned 2 886 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 162 shares during the period. Blair William & Co. IL’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $830 000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.Other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Gryphon Financial Partners LLC increased its position in Public Storage by 2.5% in the 4th quarter. Gryphon Financial Partners LLC now owns 1 562 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $476 000 after acquiring an additional 38 shares during the period. Signet Financial Management LLC grew its stake in shares of Public Storage by 2.1% in the first quarter. Signet Financial Management LLC now owns 1 913 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $555 000 after purchasing an additional 39 shares in the last quarter. Assenagon Asset Management S.A. increased its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 0.9% during the second quarter. Assenagon Asset Management S.A. now owns 4 174 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1 201 000 after purchasing an additional 39 shares during the period. Brookstone Capital Management raised its stake in shares of Public Storage by 3.4% during the first quarter. Brookstone Capital Management now owns 1 222 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $354 000 after purchasing an additional 40 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Legacy Wealth Asset Management LLC lifted its holdings in Public Storage by 3.5% in the first quarter. Legacy Wealth Asset Management LLC now owns 1 232 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $357 000 after purchasing an additional 42 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Stock Down 0.7 %PSA stock opened at $359.58 on Thursday. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.72  a current ratio of 0.93 and a quick ratio of 0.93. The firm has a market capitalization of $63.19 billion  a P/E ratio of 32.66  a P/E/G ratio of 5.14 and a beta of 0.67. Public Storage has a 52-week low of $233.18 and a 52-week high of $366.80. The company’s 50 day simple moving average is $329.30 and its 200-day simple moving average is $296.87.Public Storage Announces DividendPublic Storage ( NYSE:PSA Get Free Report ) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday  July 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.66 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter  missing the consensus estimate of $4.20 by ($1.54). The firm had revenue of $921.70 million for the quarter  compared to analyst estimates of $1.16 billion. Public Storage had a net margin of 44.88% and a return on equity of 36.55%. Public Storage’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year  the firm earned $4.28 earnings per share. As a group  equities research analysts anticipate that Public Storage will post 16.75 EPS for the current year.The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Monday  September 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday  September 13th will be paid a dividend of $3.00 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday  September 13th. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.34%. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 108.99%.Wall Street Analyst Weigh InA number of analysts have commented on the stock. Bank of America downgraded shares of Public Storage from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $318.00 price target on the stock. in a research report on Monday  August 5th. Royal Bank of Canada began coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Tuesday  September 10th. They issued a “sector perform” rating and a $358.00 target price for the company. Evercore ISI lifted their price target on Public Storage from $334.00 to $343.00 and gave the company an “in-line” rating in a research report on Monday  September 16th. Citigroup upped their price objective on Public Storage from $303.00 to $378.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday  August 30th. Finally  Barclays boosted their price target on shares of Public Storage from $327.00 to $374.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Thursday  August 22nd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  six have given a hold rating  six have given a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  the company presently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus price target of $339.08.View Our Latest Analysis on PSAAbout Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Featured ArticlesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Public Storage', 'Blair William', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Shares', 'Co.', 'Legacy Wealth Asset Management LLC', 'Assenagon Asset Management S.A.', 'Signet Financial Management LLC', 'Gryphon Financial Partners LLC', 'real estate investment trust', '50 day simple moving average', '200-day simple moving average', 'Wall Street Analyst Weigh', 'One equities research analyst', 'PSA Get Free Report', 'Brookstone Capital Management', 'Other hedge funds', 'equities research analysts', 'sector perform” rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'strong buy rating', 'dividend payout ratio', 'Holdings Channel.com', 'consensus price target', 'Dividend Public Storage', 'S&P 500', 'Public Storage Stock', 'analyst estimates', 'research report', 'MarketBeat.com', '$318.00 price target', '$358.00 target price', 'consensus estimate', 'consensus rating', 'buy” rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'current ratio', 'quick ratio', 'P/E ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'price objective', 'Co. IL', 'recent filing', 'Exchange Commission', 'Institutional investors', 'market capitalization', '52-week low', '52-week high', 'net margin', 'current year', 'quarterly dividend', 'ex-dividend date', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'neutral” rating', 'Evercore ISI', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'Latest Analysis', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'NYSE:PSA', '2nd quarter', '4th quarter', 'first quarter', 'last quarter', 'second quarter', 'same quarter', 'equity ratio', 'Royal Bank', 'PSA stock', 'earnings results', 'additional 38 shares', 'additional 39 shares', 'additional 40 shares', 'additional 42 shares', 'September 10th', 'same period', '$4.28 earnings', '2,886 shares', '162 shares', '1,562 shares', '1,913 shares', '4,174 shares', '1,222 shares', '1,232 shares', 'Blair', 'William', 'position', 'firm', 'Securities', 'changes', 'company', 'stake', 'Thursday', 'debt', 'beta', 'Tuesday', 'July', 'EPS', 'revenue', 'return', 'group', 'Monday', 'Shareholders', 'record', 'Friday', '13th', 'yield', 'DPR', 'number', 'America', 'August', 'Canada', 'coverage', 'line', 'Barclays', 'overweight', 'data', 'member', 'REIT', '44.', '36.']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,etfdailynews.com
45792,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/09/26/bank-of-montreal-can-raises-position-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,Bank of Montreal Can Raises Position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Bank of Montreal Can raised its holdings in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 4.9% in the 2nd quarter  Holdings Channel.com reports. The institutional investor owned 191 586 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after acquiring…,Bank of Montreal Can raised its holdings in shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 4.9% in the 2nd quarter  Holdings Channel.com reports. The institutional investor owned 191 586 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after acquiring an additional 8 958 shares during the period. Bank of Montreal Can’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $55 506 000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.Other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Gryphon Financial Partners LLC grew its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 2.5% during the fourth quarter. Gryphon Financial Partners LLC now owns 1 562 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $476 000 after purchasing an additional 38 shares in the last quarter. Signet Financial Management LLC grew its stake in Public Storage by 2.1% in the 1st quarter. Signet Financial Management LLC now owns 1 913 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $555 000 after buying an additional 39 shares in the last quarter. Assenagon Asset Management S.A. increased its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 0.9% in the 2nd quarter. Assenagon Asset Management S.A. now owns 4 174 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1 201 000 after buying an additional 39 shares during the last quarter. Brookstone Capital Management raised its position in shares of Public Storage by 3.4% during the 1st quarter. Brookstone Capital Management now owns 1 222 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $354 000 after buying an additional 40 shares in the last quarter. Finally  Legacy Wealth Asset Management LLC lifted its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 3.5% during the 1st quarter. Legacy Wealth Asset Management LLC now owns 1 232 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $357 000 after acquiring an additional 42 shares during the last quarter. 78.79% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors.Get Public Storage alerts:Analysts Set New Price TargetsA number of research firms recently commented on PSA. Royal Bank of Canada started coverage on Public Storage in a research report on Tuesday  September 10th. They set a “sector perform” rating and a $358.00 price target on the stock. Evercore ISI raised their price objective on Public Storage from $334.00 to $343.00 and gave the company an “in-line” rating in a report on Monday  September 16th. Wolfe Research upgraded shares of Public Storage to a “strong-buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday  September 4th. Jefferies Financial Group raised their price objective on Public Storage from $360.00 to $422.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday  September 18th. Finally  Wells Fargo & Company boosted their target price on Public Storage from $310.00 to $320.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Friday  July 26th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  six have given a hold rating  six have issued a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the stock. Based on data from MarketBeat  the company currently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus target price of $339.08.Public Storage Price PerformancePSA opened at $359.58 on Thursday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $329.30 and its 200-day moving average price is $296.87. Public Storage has a 52-week low of $233.18 and a 52-week high of $366.80. The stock has a market capitalization of $63.19 billion  a PE ratio of 32.66  a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 5.14 and a beta of 0.67. The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.72  a quick ratio of 0.93 and a current ratio of 0.93.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday  July 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.66 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.20 by ($1.54). Public Storage had a net margin of 44.88% and a return on equity of 36.55%. The company had revenue of $921.70 million for the quarter  compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.16 billion. During the same period in the previous year  the firm posted $4.28 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.0% compared to the same quarter last year. On average  equities research analysts predict that Public Storage will post 16.75 EPS for the current year.Public Storage Announces DividendThe business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Monday  September 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday  September 13th will be issued a $3.00 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday  September 13th. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.34%. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 108.99%.Public Storage Company Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Read MoreWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.59,0.41,0.01,True,English,"['Public Storage', 'Bank', 'Montreal', 'Position', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Legacy Wealth Asset Management LLC', 'Assenagon Asset Management S.A.', 'Signet Financial Management LLC', 'Gryphon Financial Partners LLC', 'real estate investment trust', '50 day moving average price', '200-day moving average price', 'Public Storage Price Performance', 'Brookstone Capital Management', 'Public Storage Company Profile', 'One investment analyst', 'Jefferies Financial Group', 'New Price Targets', 'analysts’ consensus estimates', 'consensus target price', 'sector perform” rating', 'recent reporting period', 'Other institutional investors', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Announces', 'equities research analysts', 'strong buy rating', 'Get Free Report', 'Holdings Channel.com', 'dividend payout ratio', 'quarterly earnings data', 'S&P 500', 'average rating', '$358.00 price target', 'price objective', 'buy” rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'analysts’ expectations', 'quarterly dividend', 'PE ratio', 'earnings-growth ratio', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'research firms', 'research report', 'Wolfe Research', 'research note', 'overweight” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'Evercore ISI', 'Wells Fargo', '52-week low', '52-week high', 'market capitalization', 'net margin', 'same period', 'previous year', 'current year', 'ex-dividend date', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', '2nd quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', '1st quarter', 'same quarter', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'equity ratio', 'Montreal Can', 'additional 8,958 shares', 'additional 38 shares', 'additional 39 shares', 'additional 40 shares', 'additional 42 shares', 'Royal Bank', 'September 30th', 'NYSE:PSA', '4.28 earnings', '$3.00 dividend', '191,586 shares', '1,562 shares', '1,913 shares', '4,174 shares', '1,222 shares', '1,232 shares', 'PSA.', 'stock', 'stakes', 'position', 'number', 'Canada', 'coverage', 'Tuesday', 'line', 'Monday', 'Wednesday', 'Friday', 'July', 'MarketBeat', 'Thursday', 'beta', 'debt', 'EPS', 'missing', 'return', 'revenue', 'business', 'Shareholders', 'record', '13th', 'yield', 'DPR', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', '44.']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,etfdailynews.com
45793,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/26/2954140/35903/en/Mondel%C4%93z-International-Joins-Forces-with-Accenture-and-Publicis-Groupe-to-Advance-AI-Powered-Marketing-Capabilities.html,Mondelēz International Joins Forces with Accenture and Publicis Groupe to Advance AI-Powered Marketing Capabilities,Launch of new platform accelerates use of generative AI in content creation Launch of new platform accelerates use of generative AI in content creation,CHICAGO  Sept. 26  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Mondelēz International (Nasdaq: MDLZ) today announced the launch of a new platform designed to improve its global marketing capabilities while optimizing consumer experiences through expanded use of artificial intelligence (AI) and generative AI (gen AI).Working in collaboration with Accenture (NYSE: ACN) and Publicis Groupe  the company’s new platform will enable faster  more efficient creation of personalized text  images and videos – helping the company’s brands stay a step ahead of rapidly changing consumer tastes and interests.“Harnessing the power of gen AI will empower our people to play a proactive role in how our brands show up in the market ” said Jon Halvorson  Senior Vice President  Global Consumer Experiences and Digital Commerce at Mondelēz. “This drives real value for the business through creating  personalizing and distributing on-trend creative not only at pace  but also safely  securely and with brand integrity.”Building on its long partnership with Mondelēz  Accenture established a strong digital core enabling the company to collect and process real-time data — using gen AI to create new  contextualized insights — that can be easily accessed  shared and used by decision makers across the company. Going forward  Accenture will help scale and activate this platform through employee training and adoption strategies.“As curators of some of the world’s most iconic brands  Mondelēz marketers will be able to tap into the power of data  AI and gen AI to drive innovation  gather audience and market insights  improve behind-the-scenes processes  turbocharge measurement  conduct near-real-time testing and facilitate higher degrees of personalization at every consumer touchpoint ” said Venky Rao  Americas & AI Lead and Global Client Account Lead for Mondelēz at Accenture.Publicis Groupe will be responsible for leading execution and building the gen AI foundation that will power creative assets. Both organizations will work closely with Mondelēz marketing teams to realize the vision of redefining consumer goods marketing.“Publicis is proud to be a transformation partner in this journey  as part of our broader Power of One solution for Mondelēz  and shares this same holistic approach – bringing the best capabilities together to deliver a truly game-changing solution  underpinned by best-in-class data and technology ” said Scott Hagedorn  Global Chief Solutions Architect at Publicis Groupe.The platform will be developed with leading design principles within a responsible AI framework designed to ensure ethical and legally compliant use.About Accenture Accenture is a leading global professional services company that helps the world’s leading organizations build their digital core  optimize their operations  accelerate revenue growth and enhance services—creating tangible value at speed and scale. We are a talent- and innovation-led company with 774 000 people serving clients in more than 120 countries. Technology is at the core of change today  and we are one of the world’s leaders in helping drive that change  with strong ecosystem relationships. We combine our strength in technology and leadership in cloud  data and AI with unmatched industry experience  functional expertise and global delivery capability. Our broad range of services  solutions and assets across Strategy & Consulting  Technology  Operations  Industry X and Song  together with our culture of shared success and commitment to creating 360° value  enable us to help our clients reinvent and build trusted  lasting relationships. We measure our success by the 360° value we create for our clients  each other  our shareholders  partners and communities.Visit us at www.accenture.com.About Publicis GroupePublicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577  CAC 40] is a global leader in communication. The Groupe is positioned at every step of the value chain  from consulting to execution  combining marketing transformation and digital business transformation. Publicis Groupe is a privileged partner in its clients’ transformation to enhance personalization at scale. The Groupe relies on ten expertise concentrated within four main activities: Communication  Media  Data and Technology. Through a unified and fluid organization  its clients have a facilitated access to all its expertise in every market. Present in over 100 countries  Publicis Groupe employs around 103 000 professionals. Learn more at www.publicisgroupe.com | X | Facebook | LinkedIn | YouTube | InstagramAbout Mondelēz InternationalMondelēz International  Inc. (Nasdaq: MDLZ) empowers people to snack right in over 150 countries around the world. With 2023 net revenues of approximately $36 billion  MDLZ is leading the future of snacking with iconic global and local brands such as Oreo  Ritz  LU  Clif Bar and Tate's Bake Shop biscuits and baked snacks  as well as Cadbury Dairy Milk  Milka and Toblerone chocolate. Mondelēz International is a proud member of the Standard and Poor’s 500  Nasdaq 100 and Dow Jones Sustainability Index. Visit www.mondelezinternational.com or follow the company on X at x.com/MDLZ.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Words  and variations of words  such as “will ” “may ” “expect ” “plan ” “continue” and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements  including  but not limited to  statements of belief or expectation and statements about Mondelēz International’s leadership position in snacking. These forward-looking statements are subject to change and to inherent risks and uncertainties  many of which are beyond Mondelēz International’s control  which could cause Mondelēz International’s actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those projected or assumed in these forward-looking statements. Please also see Mondelēz International’s risk factors  as they may be amended from time to time  set forth in its filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. There may be other factors not presently known to Mondelēz International or which it currently considers to be immaterial that could cause Mondelēz International’s actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements it makes. Mondelēz International disclaims and does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement in this press release  except as required by applicable law or regulation.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.9,0.1,0.0,True,English,"['Mondelēz International', 'AI-Powered Marketing Capabilities', 'Publicis Groupe', 'Forces', 'Accenture', 'faster, more efficient creation', 'Dow Jones Sustainability Index', 'leading global professional services company', 'Global Client Account Lead', 'Global Chief Solutions Architect', 'Mondelēz marketing teams', 'global delivery capability', 'Senior Vice President', 'same holistic approach', 'leading design principles', 'strong ecosystem relationships', 'trusted, lasting relationships', 'four main activities', 'Bake Shop biscuits', 'Cadbury Dairy Milk', 'global marketing capabilities', 'legally compliant use', 'unmatched industry experience', 'Mondelēz International', 'Mondelēz marketers', 'consumer goods marketing', 'Global Consumer Experiences', 'responsible AI framework', 'new, contextualized insights', 'strong digital core', 'gen AI foundation', 'digital business transformation', 'global leader', 'marketing transformation', 'iconic global', 'AI Lead', 'expanded use', 'Digital Commerce', 'leading execution', 'best capabilities', 'leading organizations', 'Industry X', 'consumer tastes', 'consumer touchpoint', 'transformation partner', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'artificial intelligence', 'personalized text', 'proactive role', 'Jon Halvorson', 'brand integrity', 'long partnership', 'decision makers', 'employee training', 'adoption strategies', 'scenes processes', 'turbocharge measurement', 'real-time testing', 'higher degrees', 'Venky Rao', 'One solution', 'game-changing solution', 'Scott Hagedorn', 'revenue growth', 'broad range', 'Euronext Paris', 'The Groupe', 'privileged partner', 'fluid organization', '2023 net revenues', 'Clif Bar', 'baked snacks', 'Toblerone chocolate', 'proud member', 'generative AI', 'Publicis Groupe', 'new platform', 'market insights', 'innovation-led company', 'functional expertise', 'ten expertise', 'real value', 'tangible value', 'value chain', 'iconic brands', 'creative assets', 'local brands', 'clients’ transformation', 'real-time data', 'class data', 'broader Power', 'Accenture Accenture', '360° value', 'CHICAGO', 'Nasdaq', 'MDLZ', 'launch', 'collaboration', 'NYSE', 'ACN', 'images', 'videos', 'interests', 'people', 'trend', 'pace', 'curators', 'world', 'audience', 'personalization', 'Americas', 'vision', 'journey', 'technology', 'ethical', 'operations', 'speed', 'scale', '120 countries', 'change', 'leaders', 'strength', 'cloud', 'Strategy', 'Consulting', 'Song', 'culture', 'shared', 'success', 'commitment', 'shareholders', 'communities', 'CAC', 'communication', 'step', 'Media', 'unified', 'access', '100 countries', '103,000 professionals', 'publicisgroupe', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', '150 countries', 'future', 'Oreo', 'Ritz', 'Tate', 'Milka', 'Standard', 'Poor']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,globenewswire.com
45794,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/26/2953498/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 25 Sep 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.5218 £ 25.6050 Estimated MTD return -0.69 % -0.48 % Estimated YTD return 3.53 % 4.21 % Estimated ITD return 185.22 % 156.05 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 27.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -3.93 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 360.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -7.83 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 257.7081 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 137.1817The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.22,0.58,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Sep', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,globenewswire.com
45795,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/26/2953497/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 25 Sep 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.5218 £ 25.6050 Estimated MTD return -0.69 % -0.48 % Estimated YTD return 3.53 % 4.21 % Estimated ITD return 185.22 % 156.05 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 27.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -3.93 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 360.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -7.83 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 257.7081 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 137.1817The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.22,0.58,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'Class GBP A Shares', 'A N/A Average Price', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'A N/A Range', 'US Investment Company Act', 'expert financial advice', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'A Premium/discount', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Price N', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'main market', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'LSE) Market', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'Sep', 'returns', 'AEX', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,globenewswire.com
45796,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/air-liquide-to-invest-60-million-euros-to-support-the-development-of-wanhua-chemical-group-in-china-93CH-3633290,Air Liquide to Invest 60 Million Euros to Support the Development of Wanhua Chemical Group in China By Investing.com,Air Liquide to Invest 60 Million Euros to Support the Development of Wanhua Chemical Group in China,"PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Air Liquide (OTC: ) (Paris:AI) will invest close to 60 million euros to take over and operate an Air Separation Unit (ASU) within the context of a long-term contract with Wanhua Chemical Group (Wanhua)  a global leading supplier of chemical innovative products  in the city of Yantai  China. In this context  Air Liquide will also build  own and operate a new liquid argon production unit on this ASU - built by Air Liquide Engineering & Construction - to serve Industrial Merchant markets in Yantai and the wider province of Shandong. This long-term contract  the first signed by the Group with Wanhua  will allow Air Liquide to start supplying industrial and medical gases in the city of Yantai and to reinforce its presence in the region of Shandong.Within the context of this new partnership  Air Liquide will provide large amounts of nitrogen and oxygen to Wanhua. Building on synergies around this ASU  which is set to be operational at the end of 2024  Air Liquide will also serve nitrogen  oxygen and argon to the local Industrial Merchant markets.This partnership allows Air Liquide to start supplying industrial and medical gases in the city of Yantai  the second largest industrial city in Shandong. The Group is thus reinforcing its already strong presence in the province of Shandong  China's third-largest provincial economy  where it already owns and operates four ASUs  a hydrogen production plant  a filling center  as well as a state-of-the-art manufacturing center that produces ASUs and hydrogen production units.Ronnie Chalmers  Air Liquide Group Vice President supervising Asia Pacific: We are proud to become a strategic partner of Wanhua  a world class chemical group with a strong presence in China and a global outreach. This long-term contract is a strong recognition of Air Liquide's technological expertise and competitiveness but also of its operational excellence. Becoming a supplier of industrial gases in the city of Yantai will allow us to serve not only a dynamic new partner but also to expand to new Industrial Merchant and healthcare markets. This new venture will actively contribute to our 2025 ADVANCE strategic plan.Liao Zengtai  Chairman of Wanhua Chemical Group  said: ""This cooperation with Air Liquide in Penglai further deepens our strategic partnership  drives both parties to move towards a new stage of long-term development  and lays a solid foundation for achieving more fruitful results in the future.Air Liquide in China Air Liquide in China operates more than 120 plants and employs nearly 5 600 employees. With a strong presence in the key coastal industrial areas  Air Liquide is now expanding into the center  south and west. Its main business activities include industrial and medical gas operations  home health service  Engineering & Construction (designing  manufacturing and installing air separation units/hydrogen facilities)  as well as Innovation activities.Air Liquide is a world leader in gases  technologies and services for industry and healthcare. Present in 60 countries with 66 300 employees  the Group serves more than 4 million customers and patients. Oxygen  nitrogen and hydrogen are essential small molecules for life  matter and energy. They embody Air Liquide's scientific territory and have been at the core of the Group's activities since its creation in 1902. Taking action today while preparing the future is at the heart of Air Liquide's strategy. With ADVANCE  its strategic plan for 2025  Air Liquide is targeting a global performance  combining financial and extra-financial dimensions. Positioned on new markets  the Group benefits from major assets such as its business model combining resilience and strength  its ability to innovate and its technological expertise. The Group develops solutions contributing to climate and the energy transition”particularly with hydrogen”and takes action to progress in areas of healthcare  digital and high technologies. Air Liquide's revenue amounted to more than 27.5 billion euros in 2023. Air Liquide is listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange (compartment A) and belongs to the   CAC 40 ESG    FTSE4Good and DJSI Europe indexes.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240925560722/en/Corporate Communicationsmedia@airliquide.comInvestor RelationsIRTeam@airliquide.comSource: Air Liquide",neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,positive,0.56,0.44,0.0,True,English,"['Wanhua Chemical Group', 'Air Liquide', '60 Million Euros', 'Development', 'China', 'Investing', 'new liquid argon production unit', 'Air Liquide Group Vice President', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'key coastal industrial areas', 'local Industrial Merchant markets', 'world class chemical group', 'second largest industrial city', 'largest provincial economy', 'Air Separation Unit', 'chemical innovative products', 'home health service', 'essential small molecules', 'DJSI Europe indexes', 'Investor Relations IRTeam', 'hydrogen production plant', 'hydrogen production units', 'new Industrial Merchant', 'medical gas operations', 'dynamic new partner', 'global leading supplier', 'main business activities', 'Wanhua Chemical Group', '2025 ADVANCE strategic plan', 'Air Liquide Engineering', 'new markets', 'world leader', 'strategic partner', 'new venture', 'new stage', 'new partnership', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'global outreach', 'global performance', 'business model', 'industrial gases', 'The Group', 'medical gases', 'healthcare markets', 'Regulatory News', '60 million euros', 'long-term contract', 'large amounts', 'Ronnie Chalmers', 'Asia Pacific', 'strong recognition', 'technological expertise', 'operational excellence', 'Liao Zengtai', 'long-term development', 'solid foundation', 'fruitful results', 'hydrogen facilities', 'Innovation activities', '4 million customers', 'scientific territory', 'extra-financial dimensions', 'major assets', '27.5 billion euros', 'compartment A', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'Corporate Communications', 'strong presence', 'filling center', 'wider province', 'four ASUs', 'energy transition', 'high technologies', 'source version', 'manufacturing center', 'OTC', 'context', 'Yantai', 'China', 'Construction', 'Shandong', 'region', 'nitrogen', 'oxygen', 'synergies', 'end', 'third', 'competitiveness', 'Chairman', 'cooperation', 'Penglai', 'parties', 'future', '120 plants', '5,600 employees', 'designing', 'services', 'industry', '60 countries', '66,300 employees', 'patients', 'life', 'matter', 'core', 'creation', 'action', 'heart', 'strategy', 'resilience', 'strength', 'ability', 'solutions', 'climate', 'digital', 'revenue', 'FTSE4Good', 'businesswire', 'airliquide']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,investing.com
45797,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/26/2953499/0/en/Press-Release-Availability-of-the-Q3-2024-Aide-m%C3%A9moire.html,Press Release: Availability of the Q3 2024 Aide mémoire,Availability of the Q3 2024 Aide mémoire  Paris  France – September 26  2024. Sanofi announced today that its Q3 2024 Aide mémoire is available on the......,"Availability of the Q3 2024 Aide mémoireParis  France – September 26  2024. Sanofi announced today that its Q3 2024 Aide mémoire is available on the ""Investors"" page of the company's website:Third quarter 2024 results (sanofi.com)As for each quarter  Sanofi prepared this document to assist in the financial modelling of the Group's quarterly results. This document includes a reminder on various non-comparable items and exclusivity losses as well as the foreign currency impact and share count. Sanofi's third-quarter 2024 results will be published on October 25  2024.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comLéo Le Bourhis | + 33 6 75 06 43 81| leo.lebourhis@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsThomas Kudsk Larsen | + 44 75 45 51 36 93| thomas.larsen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comKeita Browne | +1 781 249 1766 | keita.browne@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comAlizé Kaisserian | + 33 6 47 04 12 11 | alize.kaisserian@sanofi.comThibaud Châtelet | + 33 6 80 80 89 90 | thibaud.chatelet@sanofi.comForward-looking statementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions  and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.01,0.26,0.73,True,English,"['Q3 2024 Aide mémoire', 'Press Release', 'Availability', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'Q3 2024 Aide mémoire', 'Léo Le Bourhis', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'life-changing treatment options', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'external growth opportunities', 'cost containment initiatives', 'various non-comparable items', 'SNY Media Relations', 'prevailing interest rates', 'other global crises', 'other business partners', 'future clinical data', 'foreign currency impact', 'Arnaud Delépine', 'Thibaud Châtelet', 'Third quarter 2024 results', 'future financial results', 'Thomas Kudsk Larsen', 'future litigation', 'global economy', 'Investor Relations', 'other things', 'other matters', 'exchange rates', 'quarterly results', 'third-quarter 2024 results', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'future approval', 'financial modelling', 'financial condition', 'exclusivity losses', 'share count', 'one purpose', 'social responsibility', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'underlying assumptions', 'similar expressions', 'forward-looking information', 'post marketing', 'regulatory authorities', 'biological application', 'product candidates', 'commercial success', 'therapeutic alternatives', 'related transactions', 'regulatory clearances', 'intellectual property', 'ultimate outcome', 'volatile economic', 'market conditions', 'subsequent changes', 'public filings', 'Risk Factors', 'Cautionary Statement', 'annual report', 'applicable law', 'various risks', 'Investors"" page', 'Evan Berland', 'Alizé Kaisserian', 'product development', 'commercial potential', 'Forward-looking statements', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Victor Rouault', 'Felix Lauscher', 'Nathalie Pham', 'Keita Browne', 'Tarik Elgoutni', 'Availability', 'Paris', 'France', 'September', 'Sanofi', 'website', 'document', 'Group', 'reminder', 'October', 'miracles', 'science', 'people', 'lives', 'team', '100 countries', 'practice', 'medicine', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ', 'leo', 'lebourhis', 'delepine', 'alize', 'chatelet', 'projections', 'estimates', 'plans', 'objectives', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'respect', 'events', 'operations', 'services', 'words', 'believes', 'management', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'developments', 'research', 'analysis', 'decisions', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'drug', 'device', 'labelling', 'pending', 'trends', 'pandemics', 'customers', 'suppliers', 'vendors', 'employees', 'AMF', 'year', 'obligation', 'Attachment']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,globenewswire.com
45798,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/09/26/british-columbia-investment-management-corp-boosts-stock-holdings-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,BRITISH COLUMBIA INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT Corp Boosts Stock Holdings in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),BRITISH COLUMBIA INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT Corp lifted its stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 60.3% in the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 30 283 shares of the real estate inve…,BRITISH COLUMBIA INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT Corp lifted its stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 60.3% in the 2nd quarter  according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 30 283 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after purchasing an additional 11 389 shares during the quarter. BRITISH COLUMBIA INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT Corp’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $8 711 000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Gryphon Financial Partners LLC raised its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 2.5% during the 4th quarter. Gryphon Financial Partners LLC now owns 1 562 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $476 000 after acquiring an additional 38 shares during the period. EverSource Wealth Advisors LLC raised its stake in Public Storage by 107.3% during the fourth quarter. EverSource Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 85 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $26 000 after purchasing an additional 44 shares during the period. Cambridge Investment Research Advisors Inc. boosted its holdings in Public Storage by 14.7% in the 4th quarter. Cambridge Investment Research Advisors Inc. now owns 17 708 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $5 401 000 after purchasing an additional 2 272 shares during the last quarter. Orion Portfolio Solutions LLC lifted its holdings in Public Storage by 51.0% in the fourth quarter. Orion Portfolio Solutions LLC now owns 7 106 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $2 133 000 after acquiring an additional 2 401 shares during the last quarter. Finally  Stifel Financial Corp increased its holdings in Public Storage by 9.4% in the 4th quarter. Stifel Financial Corp now owns 61 847 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $18 868 000 after purchasing an additional 5 299 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 78.79% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Analysts Set New Price TargetsA number of research firms recently issued reports on PSA. Truist Financial lowered Public Storage from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $306.00 target price for the company. in a report on Thursday  August 1st. Wells Fargo & Company lifted their price objective on Public Storage from $310.00 to $320.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Friday  July 26th. Barclays upped their target price on shares of Public Storage from $327.00 to $374.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Thursday  August 22nd. Wolfe Research upgraded shares of Public Storage to a “strong-buy” rating in a report on Wednesday  September 4th. Finally  Bank of America cut shares of Public Storage from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $318.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Monday  August 5th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  six have given a hold rating  six have assigned a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Based on data from MarketBeat.com  the stock currently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus price target of $339.08.Public Storage Price PerformancePSA stock opened at $359.58 on Thursday. The company has a current ratio of 0.93  a quick ratio of 0.93 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.72. The company has a market cap of $63.19 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 32.66  a PEG ratio of 5.14 and a beta of 0.67. Public Storage has a 12-month low of $233.18 and a 12-month high of $366.80. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $329.30 and a 200-day moving average of $296.87.Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Get Free Report) last released its earnings results on Tuesday  July 30th. The real estate investment trust reported $2.66 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter  missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.20 by ($1.54). Public Storage had a net margin of 44.88% and a return on equity of 36.55%. The firm had revenue of $921.70 million during the quarter  compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.16 billion. During the same quarter last year  the company posted $4.28 earnings per share. Public Storage’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.0% on a year-over-year basis. As a group  equities analysts expect that Public Storage will post 16.75 EPS for the current fiscal year.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementThe business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Monday  September 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday  September 13th will be paid a dividend of $3.00 per share. This represents a $12.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.34%. The ex-dividend date is Friday  September 13th. Public Storage’s dividend payout ratio is presently 108.99%.Public Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Read MoreWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['BRITISH COLUMBIA INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT Corp', 'Stock Holdings', 'Public Storage', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'BRITISH COLUMBIA INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT Corp', 'Cambridge Investment Research Advisors Inc.', 'EverSource Wealth Advisors LLC', 'real estate investment trust', 'Orion Portfolio Solutions LLC', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'Gryphon Financial Partners LLC', 'Public Storage Price Performance', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement', 'One investment analyst', 'Stifel Financial Corp', 'other institutional investors', '50 day moving average', '200-day moving average', 'New Price Targets', 'recent reporting period', 'current fiscal year', 'analysts’ consensus estimates', 'consensus price target', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Profile', 'dividend payout ratio', 'strong buy rating', 'Get Free Report', 'Truist Financial', '$306.00 target price', 'research firms', 'research note', 'Wolfe Research', 'consensus rating', 'research report', 'current ratio', 'price objective', 'year basis', 'buy” rating', 'Moderate Buy', 'quick ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'quarterly dividend', 'dividend yield', 'hold” rating', 'overweight” rating', 'neutral” rating', 'sell rating', 'hold rating', 'Hedge funds', 'Wells Fargo', 'MarketBeat.com', 'market cap', 'net margin', 'analysts’ expectations', 'equities analysts', 'annualized basis', 'ex-dividend date', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', '2nd quarter', '4th quarter', 'fourth quarter', 'last quarter', 'same quarter', 'equity ratio', 'earnings ratio', '12-month low', 'earnings results', 'additional 11,389 shares', 'additional 38 shares', 'additional 44 shares', 'additional 2,272 shares', 'additional 2,401 shares', 'additional 5,299 shares', 'September 30th', 'NYSE:PSA', 'PSA stock', '$12.00 dividend', '$4.28 earnings', '30,283 shares', '1,562 shares', '85 shares', '17,708 shares', '7,106 shares', '61,847 shares', 'stake', 'company', 'SEC', 'holdings', 'number', 'reports', 'Thursday', 'August', 'Friday', 'July', 'Barclays', 'Wednesday', 'Bank', 'America', 'Monday', 'data', 'debt', 'beta', 'Tuesday', 'EPS', 'missing', 'return', 'revenue', 'group', 'business', 'Shareholders', 'record', 'member', 'REIT']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,etfdailynews.com
45799,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/segro-plc-trading-update-93CH-3633252,SEGRO plc Trading Update By Investing.com,SEGRO plc Trading Update,LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:SEGRO plc (SEGRO or the Group) (BOURSE:SGRO) today announces a trading update  relating to the period to 31 August 2024  to coincide with the publication of the Tritax EuroBox Scheme document in connection with the Group's Recommended Offer for Tritax EuroBox plc.David Sleath  Chief Executive  said:Our business is performing well as we head into the final months of the year. The overall balance of supply and demand in our occupier markets remains favourable and we continue to make good progress in capturing the significant embedded reversion within our portfolio.We are seeing liquidity return to investment markets and we continue to identify attractive opportunities to deploy capital both through asset acquisitions and into our profitable development pipeline  utilising our exceptional land bank.Our prime urban and big box portfolio  market-leading operating platform and strong balance sheet position us well to deliver strong returns from our existing portfolio and capitalise on new opportunities  supporting attractive and compounding increases in both earnings and dividends. This provides us confidence in the outlook for the remainder of the year and beyond.KEY HIGHLIGHTS12:£58 million of new headline rent signed so far in 2024  ahead of the equivalent period last year and positioning SEGRO for another year of strong rent roll growth. This includes £21 million of uplifts from rent reviews  renewals and indexation  reflecting a 30 per cent average increase at lease events  and £17 million of pre-let signings.Portfolio continues to deliver strong operating metrics: customer retention remains high at 83 per cent and occupancy is broadly unchanged since 30 June 2024 at 94.3 per cent.Profitable development programme expected to add £48 million of future rent through projects currently onsite and in advanced negotiations (including a further data centre in Slough). 63 per cent of this is pre-let and the average yield on cost is 7.8 per cent.Driving portfolio outperformance through disciplined capital allocation. £239 million of acquisitions and £311 million of development capex year to date  offset by £500 million of disposals above book value. The Group maintains its expectation to invest c. £500 million of development capex during 2024 and has a further c. £200 million of asset disposals under offer.Balance sheet remains in a strong position to pursue further growth opportunities with LTV of 29 per cent3 and £2.1 billion of cash and undrawn committed facilities. A €500 million  8-year bond was issued in September at an attractive 3.5 per cent coupon  demonstrating SEGRO's ability to access capital markets in an agile manner  while keeping the cost of funding low (average cost of debt post the issuance is 2.6 per cent).Recommended all-share offer for Tritax EuroBox plc announced on 4 September 2024 and expected to close in Q4 2024.1 In this statement  space is stated at 100 per cent  whilst financial figures are stated reflecting SEGRO's share of joint ventures. Operational and financial figures are stated for the period to  or at  31 August unless otherwise indicated and the exchange rate applied is €1.19: £1.2 Headline rent is annualised gross passing rent receivable once incentives such as rent-free periods have expired.3 Based on values as at 30 June 2024  adjusted for acquisitions  disposals and other capital expenditure in July/ August.Financial calendarThis update replaces our Q3 2024 Trading Update originally planned for 17 October 2024. The date for SEGRO's full year results for the year ended 31 December 2024 (provisionally set for 14 February 2025) will remain under review pending the Recommended Offer for Tritax EuroBox plc.This Trading Update  the most recent Annual Report and other information are available on the SEGRO website at www.segro.com/investors.About SEGROSEGRO is a UK Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT)  listed on the London Stock Exchange and Euronext Paris  and is a leading owner  manager and developer of modern warehouses and industrial property. It owns or manages 10.8 million square metres of space (116 million square feet) valued at £20.6 billion as at 30 June 2024  serving customers from a wide range of industry sectors. Its properties are located in and around major cities and at key transportation hubs in the UK and in seven other European countries.For over 100 years SEGRO has been creating the space that enables extraordinary things to happen. From modern big box warehouses  used primarily for regional  national and international distribution hubs  to urban warehousing located close to major population centres and business districts  it provides high-quality assets that allow its customers to thrive.A commitment to be a force for societal and environmental good is integral to SEGRO's purpose and strategy. Its Responsible SEGRO framework focuses on three long-term priorities where the company believes it can make the greatest impact: Championing Low-Carbon Growth  Investing in Local Communities and Environments and Nurturing Talent.Striving for the highest standards of innovation  sustainable business practices and enabling economic and societal prosperity underpins SEGRO's ambition to be the best property company.See www.SEGRO.com for further information.Forward-Looking Statements: This announcement contains certain forward-looking statements with respect to SEGRO's expectations and plans  strategy  management objectives  future developments and performance  costs  revenues and other trend information. All statements other than historical fact are  or may be deemed to be  forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations and all forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions  risk and uncertainty. Many of these assumptions  risks and uncertainties relate to factors that are beyond SEGRO's ability to control or estimate precisely and which could cause actual results or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Certain statements have been made with reference to forecast process changes  economic conditions and the current regulatory environment. Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of SEGRO are based upon the knowledge and information available to Directors on the date of this announcement. Accordingly  no assurance can be given that any particular expectation will be met and you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements. Additionally  forward-looking statements regarding past trends or activities should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. The information contained in this announcement is provided as at the date of this announcement and is subject to change without notice. Other than in accordance with its legal or regulatory obligations (including under the UK Listing Rules and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority)  SEGRO does not undertake to update forward-looking statements  including to reflect any new information or changes in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. Past share performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance. Nothing in this announcement should be construed as a profit estimate or profit forecast. The information in this announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or an invitation to buy securities in SEGRO plc or an invitation or inducement to engage in or enter into any contract or commitment or other investment activities. Neither the content of SEGRO's website nor any other website accessible by hyperlinks from SEGRO's website are incorporated in  or form part of  this announcement.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240925684512/en/CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTOR / ANALYST AND MEDIA ENQUIRIES:SEGROSoumen Das (Chief Financial Officer) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7451 9110Claire Mogford (Head of Investor Relations) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7451 9048Gary Gaskarth (External Communications Manager) Tel: +44 (0) 20 7451 9069FTI Consulting (NYSE: )Richard Sunderland / Eve Kirmatzis Tel: +44 (0) 20 3727 1000Source: SEGRO plc,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.7,0.3,0.0,True,English,"['SEGRO plc Trading Update', 'Investing', 'UK Real Estate Investment Trust', 'seven other European countries', 'gross passing rent receivable', 'Tritax EuroBox Scheme document', 'modern big box warehouses', 'strong rent roll growth', '30 per cent average increase', 'attractive 3.5 per cent coupon', 'Tritax EuroBox plc', 'significant embedded reversion', 'exceptional land bank', 'market-leading operating platform', 'undrawn committed facilities', '€500 million, 8-year bond', 'recent Annual Report', '10.8 million square metres', '16 million square feet', 'international distribution hubs', 'three long-term priorities', 'big box portfolio', 'strong operating metrics', 'profitable development pipeline', 'Profitable development programme', 'key transportation hubs', 'major population centres', 'disciplined capital allocation', 'other capital expenditure', 'new headline rent', 'strong balance sheet', 'London Stock Exchange', 'full year results', 'Q3 2024 Trading Update', 'Responsible SEGRO framework', 'modern warehouses', 'investment markets', '2 Headline rent', 'other information', '83 per cent', '94.3 per cent', '63 per cent', '7.8 per cent', '100 per cent', 'rent reviews', 'future rent', 'strong returns', 'strong position', 'average yield', 'growth opportunities', 'Low-Carbon Growth', 'new opportunities', 'KEY HIGHLIGHTS12', 'development capex', 'exchange rate', 'major cities', 'overall balance', 'attractive opportunities', '29 per cent3', 'capital markets', 'SEGRO plc', 'Regulatory News', 'BOURSE:SGRO', 'David Sleath', 'Chief Executive', 'final months', 'occupier markets', 'good progress', 'liquidity return', 'prime urban', 'compounding increases', 'lease events', 'pre-let signings', 'customer retention', 'advanced negotiations', 'data centre', 'book value', 'agile manner', 'average cost', 'financial figures', 'joint ventures', 'rent-free periods', 'Financial calendar', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading owner', 'industrial property', 'wide range', 'industry sectors', 'extraordinary things', 'regional, national', 'urban warehousing', 'high-quality assets', 'environmental good', 'greatest impact', 'Local Communities', 'existing portfolio', 'portfolio outperformance', 'Recommended Offer', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'business districts', 'asset acquisitions', 'equivalent period', 'The Group', 'asset disposals', 'SEGRO website', 'share offer', '2.6 per', '31 August', 'publication', 'connection', 'supply', 'demand', 'earnings', 'dividends', 'confidence', 'outlook', 'remainder', 'uplifts', 'renewals', 'indexation', 'occupancy', '30 June', 'projects', 'onsite', 'Slough', 'expectation', 'LTV', 'cash', 'September', 'ability', 'funding', 'debt', 'issuance', 'Q4', 'statement', 'space', 'Operational', 'incentives', 'values', '17 October', '14 February', 'investors', 'REIT', 'manager', 'developer', 'customers', 'properties', '100 years', 'commitment', 'force', 'societal', 'purpose', 'strategy', 'company', 'Environments']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,investing.com
45800,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/26/2953509/0/en/Abivax-to-Present-Three-Abstracts-for-Obefazimod-in-Ulcerative-Colitis-at-the-UEG-Week-2024.html,Abivax to Present Three Abstracts for Obefazimod in Ulcerative Colitis at the UEG Week 2024,Abivax to Present Three Abstracts for Obefazimod in Ulcerative Colitis at the UEG Week 2024  Professor Bruce E. Sands  MD to present oral presentation...,Abivax to Present Three Abstracts for Obefazimod in Ulcerative Colitis at the UEG Week 2024Professor Bruce E. Sands  MD to present oral presentation of Phase 2b  open-label  maintenance efficacy and safety data at weeks 48 and 96 among week 8 induction non-responders in obefazimod-treated patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis (UC)Two moderated poster presentations highlighting corticosteroid-free efficacy and safety data of obefazimod at weeks 48 and 96 of an open-label maintenance trial  as well as the impact of obefazimod induction therapy on combined histologic and endoscopic outcomes at week 8 in patients with UCPARIS  France  September 26  2024 – 08:30 a.m. CEST – Abivax SA (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 – ABVX; NASDAQ: ABVX) (“Abivax” or the “Company”)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that harness the body’s natural regulatory mechanisms to stabilize the immune response in patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  today announced that three scientific abstracts on its lead drug candidate  obefazimod  will be presented during the United European Gastroenterology (UEG) Week meeting  Oct. 12-15  2024  in Vienna  Austria.“We look forward to returning to UEGW to share new analysis of our Phase 2b trial data on obefazimod in patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis ” said Abivax Chief Medical Officer Fabio Cataldi  MD. “With this presentation  we have observed additional evidence that obefazimod has the potential to advance the treatment paradigm  designed to be a once-daily oral therapy  for people living with ulcerative colitis.”For more information on the Abivax clinical program and company updates  please see the conference program at the UEG website.Obefazimod data to be presented:*****About ObefazimodObefazimod  Abivax’s lead investigational drug candidate  is an orally administered small molecule that was demonstrated to potentially enhance the expression of a single microRNA  miR-124. Phase 2 clinical trials in patients with UC have generated positive data  resulting in the initiation of a pivotal global Phase 3 clinical trial program (ABTECT Program)  with first patients enrolled in the United States in October 2022. Initiation of a Phase 2b clinical trial in Crohn’s disease is expected in Q3 2024  and exploration of potential combination therapy opportunities in UC is ongoing.About AbivaxAbivax is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that harness the body’s natural regulatory mechanisms to stabilize the immune response in patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Based in France and the United States  Abivax’s lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis. More information on the Company is available at www.abivax.com. Follow us on LinkedIn and X  formerly Twitter  @ABIVAX.Contact:Patrick MalloySVP  Investor Relations Abivax SApatrick.malloy@abivax.com+1 847 987 4878FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates  including those relating to the Company’s business and financial objectives. Words such as “expect ” “forward” ” will” and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include statements concerning or implying the therapeutic potential of Abivax's drug candidates  as well as the timing of initiation of a Phase 2b clinical trial of obefazimod in Crohn’s disease. Although Abivax’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks  contingencies and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Abivax  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. A description of these risks  contingencies and uncertainties can be found in the documents filed by the Company with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers pursuant to its legal obligations including its universal registration document (Document d’Enregistrement Universel) and in our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on April 5  2024 under the caption “Risk Factors.” These risks  contingencies and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug candidate  as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. Special consideration should be given to the potential hurdles of clinical and pharmaceutical development including further assessment by the company and regulatory agencies and IRBs/ethics committees following the assessment of preclinical  pharmacokinetic  carcinogenicity  toxicity  CMC and clinical data. Furthermore  these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates are only as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Abivax disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements  forecasts or estimates to reflect any subsequent changes that the Company becomes aware of  except as required by law. Information about pharmaceutical products (including products currently in development) which is included in this press release is not intended to constitute an advertisement. This press release is for information purposes only  and the information contained herein does not constitute either an offer to sell  or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe securities of the Company in any jurisdiction. Similarly  it does not give and should not be treated as giving investment advice. It has no connection with the investment objectives  financial situation or specific needs of any recipient. It should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for exercise of their own judgment. All opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.,neutral,0.0,0.97,0.03,mixed,0.23,0.14,0.64,True,English,"['Three Abstracts', 'Ulcerative Colitis', 'UEG Week', 'Abivax', 'Obefazimod', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Abivax Chief Medical Officer Fabio Cataldi', 'pivotal global Phase 3 clinical trial program', 'Investor Relations Abivax SA patrick', 'Professor Bruce E. Sands', 'Two moderated poster presentations', 'Phase 2b clinical trial', 'Phase 2b trial data', 'potential combination therapy opportunities', 'lead investigational drug candidate', 'U.S. Securities', 'Phase 2 clinical trials', 'Phase 3 clinical trials', 'open-label maintenance trial', 'lead drug candidate', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'future clinical data', 'natural regulatory mechanisms', 'Abivax clinical program', 'United European Gastroenterology', 'active ulcerative colitis', 'three scientific abstracts', 'universal registration document', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'UEG) Week meeting', 'obefazimod induction therapy', 'conference program', 'ABTECT Program', 'Three Abstracts', 'oral therapy', 'Patrick Malloy', 'drug candidates', 'regulatory authorities', 'maintenance efficacy', 'safety data', '8 induction non-responders', 'positive data', 'UEG website', 'United States', 'therapeutic potential', 'commercial potential', 'potential hurdles', 'UEG Week', 'corticosteroid-free efficacy', 'endoscopic outcomes', 'immune response', 'additional evidence', 'small molecule', 'single microRNA', 'press release', 'financial objectives', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'legal obligations', 'Enregistrement Universel', 'Annual Report', 'Form 20-F', 'Exchange Commission', 'Risk Factors', 'other things', 'other matters', 'product candidates', 'Special consideration', 'Obefazimod data', 'More information', 'forward-looking information', 'company updates', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'oral presentation', 'Euronext Paris', 'new analysis', 'treatment paradigm', 'various risks', 'obefazimod-treated patients', 'first patients', 'MD', 'weeks', 'impact', 'histologic', 'France', 'September', '08:30 a', 'CEST', 'ABVX', 'NASDAQ', 'therapeutics', 'body', 'Vienna', 'Austria', 'UEGW', 'people', 'initiation', 'October', 'Crohn', 'Q3', 'exploration', 'ABX46', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contact', 'SVP', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'business', 'Words', 'variations', 'timing', 'management', 'expectations', 'investors', 'contingencies', 'uncertainties', 'control', 'developments', 'description', 'documents', 'April', 'caption', 'research', 'decisions', 'FDA', 'EMA', 'labelling', 'availability', 'pharmace', '48']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,globenewswire.com
45801,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/abivax-to-present-three-abstracts-for-obefazimod-in-ulcerative-colitis-at-the-ueg-week-2024-93CH-3633266,Abivax to Present Three Abstracts for Obefazimod in Ulcerative Colitis at the UEG Week 2024 By Investing.com,Abivax to Present Three Abstracts for Obefazimod in Ulcerative Colitis at the UEG Week 2024,Abivax to Present Three Abstracts for Obefazimod in Ulcerative Colitis at the UEG Week 2024Professor Bruce E. Sands  MD to present oral presentation of Phase 2b  open-label  maintenance efficacy and safety data at weeks 48 and 96 among week 8 induction non-responders in obefazimod-treated patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis (UC)Two moderated poster presentations highlighting corticosteroid-free efficacy and safety data of obefazimod at weeks 48 and 96 of an open-label maintenance trial  as well as the impact of obefazimod induction therapy on combined histologic and endoscopic outcomes at week 8 in patients with UCPARIS  France  September 26  2024 “ 08:30 a.m. CEST “ Abivax SA (Euronext Paris: FR0012333284 “ ABVX; NASDAQ: ABVX) (Abivax or the Company)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that harness the body's natural regulatory mechanisms to stabilize the immune response in patients with chronic inflammatory diseases  today announced that three scientific abstracts on its lead drug candidate  obefazimod  will be presented during the United European Gastroenterology (UEG) Week meeting  Oct. 12-15  2024  in Vienna  Austria.We look forward to returning to UEGW to share new analysis of our Phase 2b trial data on obefazimod in patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis  said Abivax Chief Medical Officer Fabio Cataldi  MD. With this presentation  we have observed additional evidence that obefazimod has the potential to advance the treatment paradigm  designed to be a once-daily oral therapy  for people living with ulcerative colitis.For more information on the Abivax clinical program and company updates  please see the conference program at the UEG website.Obefazimod data to be presented:Presentation Title Session Presenter Abstract/Poster Number Date/Time of Presentation Oral Presentation Efficacy and safety of obefazimod in UC patients at week 48 of an open-label maintenance study among clinical non-responders at week 8 of the Phase 2b induction trial IBD New horizons in medical treatment - Part 2 Prof. Bruce E. Sands  M.D.  M.S.Dr. Burrill B. Crohn Professor of Medicine and Chief  Dr. Henry D. Janowitz Division of Gastroenterology  Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai  NY Tuesday  Oct. 15  2024  from 11:30 AM to 12:30 PM CEST Moderated Poster Presentations Corticosteroid-free efficacy and safety of UC patients receiving once-daily obefazimod in an open label 96-week maintenance study among patients who were receiving concomitant corticosteroids at induction baseline Small molecules in the treatment of IBD Prof. SÃ©verine Vermeire  MD  PhD.Head of the IBD Center at the University Hospitals Leuven  Belgium  and principal investigator in Europe for the study programs conducted and ongoing with obefazimod in UCTuesday  Oct. 15  2024  from 14:30 PM to 15:30 PM CEST Impact of obefazimod induction therapy on histologic and combined histologic and endoscopic outcomes in patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis: week 8 results from the Phase 2b inductiontrial Small molecules in the treatment of IBD Prof. Britta Siegmund  MD  PhDMedical Director  Division of Gastroenterology  Infectiology and Rheumatology  UniversitÃ¤tsmedizin Berlin‹ Tuesday  Oct. 15  2024  from 14:30 PM to 15:30 PM CESTAbout ObefazimodObefazimod  Abivax's lead investigational drug candidate  is an orally administered small molecule that was demonstrated to potentially enhance the expression of a single microRNA  miR-124. Phase 2 clinical trials in patients with UC have generated positive data  resulting in the initiation of a pivotal global Phase 3 clinical trial program (ABTECT Program)  with first patients enrolled in the United States in October 2022. Initiation of a Phase 2b clinical trial in Crohn's disease is expected in Q3 2024  and exploration of potential combination therapy opportunities in UC is ongoing.About AbivaxAbivax is a clinical-stage biotechnology company focused on developing therapeutics that harness the body's natural regulatory mechanisms to stabilize the immune response in patients with chronic inflammatory diseases. Based in France and the United States  Abivax's lead drug candidate  obefazimod (ABX464)  is in Phase 3 clinical trials for the treatment of moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis. More information on the Company is available at www.abivax.com. Follow us on LinkedIn and X  formerly Twitter  @ABIVAX.Contact:Patrick MalloySVP  Investor Relations Abivax SApatrick.malloy@abivax.com+1 847 987 4878FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates  including those relating to the Company's business and financial objectives. Words such as expect  forward  will and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include statements concerning or implying the therapeutic potential of Abivax's drug candidates  as well as the timing of initiation of a Phase 2b clinical trial of obefazimod in Crohn's disease. Although Abivax's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks  contingencies and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Abivax  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. A description of these risks  contingencies and uncertainties can be found in the documents filed by the Company with the French AutoritÃ© des MarchÃ©s Financiers pursuant to its legal obligations including its universal registration document (Document d'Enregistrement Universel) and in our Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on April 5  2024 under the caption Risk Factors. These risks  contingencies and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug candidate  as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates. Special consideration should be given to the potential hurdles of clinical and pharmaceutical development including further assessment by the company and regulatory agencies and IRBs/ethics committees following the assessment of preclinical  pharmacokinetic  carcinogenicity  toxicity  CMC and clinical data. Furthermore  these forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates are only as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Abivax disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements  forecasts or estimates to reflect any subsequent changes that the Company becomes aware of  except as required by law. Information about pharmaceutical products (including products currently in development) which is included in this press release is not intended to constitute an advertisement. This press release is for information purposes only  and the information contained herein does not constitute either an offer to sell  or the solicitation of an offer to purchase or subscribe securities of the Company in any jurisdiction. Similarly  it does not give and should not be treated as giving investment advice. It has no connection with the investment objectives  financial situation or specific needs of any recipient. It should not be regarded by recipients as a substitute for exercise of their own judgment. All opinions expressed herein are subject to change without notice. The distribution of this document may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this document comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.Source: Abivax,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.66,0.33,0.0,True,English,"['Three Abstracts', 'Ulcerative Colitis', 'UEG Week', 'Abivax', 'Obefazimod', 'Investing', 'Abivax Chief Medical Officer Fabio Cataldi', 'pivotal global Phase 3 clinical trial program', 'Dr. Burrill B. Crohn Professor', 'open label 96-week maintenance study', 'Dr. Henry D. Janowitz Division', 'Investor Relations Abivax SA patrick', 'Professor Bruce E. Sands', 'Prof. Bruce E. Sands', 'Phase 2b clinical trial', 'Prof. SÃ©verine Vermeire', 'Phase 2b induction trial', 'Two moderated poster presentations', 'IBD Prof. Britta Siegmund', 'Phase 2b trial data', 'lead investigational drug candidate', 'potential combination therapy opportunities', 'induction baseline Small molecules', 'open-label maintenance trial', 'Phase 2 clinical trials', 'Phase 3 clinical trials', 'lead drug candidate', 'open-label maintenance study', 'natural regulatory mechanisms', 'chronic inflammatory diseases', 'University Hospitals Leuven', 'UniversitÃ¤tsmedizin Berlin', 'PhD Medical Director', 'Abivax clinical program', 'active ulcerative colitis', 'three scientific abstracts', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'obefazimod induction therapy', 'United European Gastroenterology', 'UEG) Week meeting', 'Oral Presentation Efficacy', 'maintenance efficacy', 'clinical non-responders', 'M.D.', '8 induction non-responders', 'oral therapy', 'study programs', 'conference program', 'ABTECT Program', 'medical treatment', 'Three Abstracts', 'M.S.', 'Patrick Malloy', 'drug candidates', 'positive data', 'UEG website', 'United States', 'therapeutic potential', 'corticosteroid-free efficacy', 'endoscopic outcomes', 'immune response', 'new analysis', 'additional evidence', 'New horizons', 'Icahn School', 'Mount Sinai', 'concomitant corticosteroids', 'IBD Center', 'principal investigator', 'single microRNA', 'press release', 'financial objectives', 'similar expressions', 'UEG Week', 'safety data', 'company updates', 'FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS', 'Obefazimod data', 'week 8 results', 'Euronext Paris', 'More information', 'treatment paradigm', 'obefazimod-treated patients', 'first patients', 'CEST Impact', 'UC patients', 'PhD.', 'MD', 'weeks', 'combined', 'histologic', 'France', 'September', '08:30 a', 'ABVX', 'NASDAQ', 'therapeutics', 'body', 'Vienna', 'Austria', 'UEGW', 'people', 'Time', 'Part', 'Medicine', 'Oct.', '11:30 AM', '12:30 PM', 'Head', 'Belgium', 'Tuesday', '14:30 PM', '15:30 PM', 'Infectiology', 'Rheumatology', 'initiation', 'October', 'Q3', 'exploration', 'ABX46', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contact', 'SVP', 'forecasts', 'estimates', 'business', 'Words', 'will', 'variations', '48']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,investing.com
45802,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/26/2954023/0/en/Marie-Brizard-Wine-Spirits-H1-2024-earnings.html,Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits: H1 2024 earnings,Charenton-le-Pont  26 September 2024  H1 2024 earnings   Resilience in earnings despite the confirmed......,Charenton-le-Pont  26 September 2024H1 2024 earningsResilience in earnings despite the confirmed slowdown of the spirits market and the decline in consumer demandEBITDA 1 of €8.5m in H1 2024  up €0.3m from €8.1m in H1 2023Net profit (Group share) of €6.5m in H1 2024  up €1.4mMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits (the “Company”) (Euronext: MBWS) today announces its consolidated earnings for H1 2024 as approved by the Group’s Board of Directors today. The audit procedures have been carried out.Fahd Khadraoui  Chief Executive Officer of MBWS  said: “Faced with difficult market conditions and headwinds  we achieved a good performance  with a growth in our EBITDA and net income in the first half of 2024. However  the improvement in our Gross Margin rate of +1.5 percentage point vs. 2023 is only partial  as we are still lagging below the Gross Margin rate level of the first half of 2022  before the impact of the wave of inflation.This performance is the result of the efforts of our teams  who were able to focus on our Group’s fundamentals while rigorously controlling our costs and staying true to our core offering. Our International Strategic and Regional Stars brands proved resilient amid a complex environment. Moreover  our Industrial Services and third-party brand distribution offerings continue to shore up our own-brand business.Thanks to our investments in innovation  productivity and competitiveness  we are well positioned to achieve a sustainable growth over the long term  despite a complex short-term context  which sees coming up considerable increases in the cost prices of ageing liquids that were distilled during the inflationary period (particularly Whisky and Cognac).I would like to thank our teams for their commitment and dedication in making these improvements possible.”Simplified income statement - H1 2024€m except EPS H1 2023 H1 2024 Change2024 vs 2023 Net revenues (excluding excise duties) 98.8 94.9 -3.9% Gross margin 36.2 36.2 - Gross margin ratio 36.6% 38.1% +1.5 pp EBITDA 8.1 8.5 +0.3 Underlying operating profit 5.4 5.2 -0.2 Net profit (Group share) 5.1 6.5 +1.4 Earnings per share 0.05 0.06First half 2024 revenuesFirst half 2024 revenues excluding excise duties came to €94.9m  down 3.9% versus H1 2023 (excluding currency impact). This decline in sales is mainly due to a slowdown in international business  particularly in Europe during the second quarter  albeit partly offset by strong resilience among strategic brands in France.The France Cluster posted first half 2024 revenues of €42.5m  up 1.1% versus H1 2023 despite the continued slowdown in the spirits market.Sales increased across the William Peel  Marie Brizard and Sobieski brands  both in the Off-Trade segment and On-Trade one  which posted a solid performance during the second quarter.The Marie Brizard brand posted an increase in sales thanks to new listings.H1 2024 revenues for the France Cluster continued to benefit from the price increases introduced on 1 March 2023 and from a base effect linked to stock-outs in Q1 2023.Sales also benefited from a stocking effect with customers at the end of the half-year in preparation for the Paris 2024 Olympic Games.International revenues amounted to €52.4m in H1 2024  down 7.6% versus H1 2023 at constant exchange rates  reflecting contrasting trends across regions:Revenues from European subsidiaries were down overall in Q2 2024  particularly across the Group’s brands (in Spain and to a lesser extent Lithuania  despite an increase in Scandinavia). The solid performance from the subcontracting business in Spain failed to offset the decline in revenues in the Industrial Services segment  which was penalised by falling ethanol bulk unit sale prices in Lithuania and by destocking by some of our brand-owning partners in Bulgaria.Across the Atlantic  sales of Sobieski brand products in the United States were up versus H1 2023  unlike the Marie Brizard brand  for which the distributor reduced its inventory. In Brazil  revenues continued to grow despite the impact of high inflation and declining buying power on volumes.The decline in sales across the various export markets was confirmed  particularly in the Asia Pacific region (primarily due to the Australian  Korean and Taiwanese markets) and in Europe  where the strong Q1 2024 performance in Benelux  Italy and Germany failed to continue into the second quarter  while sales in Poland remained sluggish over the period.First half 2024 earningsAs growth slowed across the wines and spirits sector  the gross margin ratio was 38.1% in H1 2024 compared to 36.6% in H1 2023. This 150 bp increase reflects our cost control initiative and rigorous sales.First half 2024 EBITDA amounted to €8.5m  up €0.3 million from H1 2023 (excluding currency impact).The France Cluster posted EBITDA of €6.1m in H1 2024  up from €6.0m in H1 2023. This improvement reflects the slight growth in Cluster revenues  despite the sluggish market  and continued control of production costs and structural costs.Meanwhile  the International Cluster posted EBITDA of €4.1m  stable compared to H1 2023. The Lithuanian subsidiary’s decline in profitability during the first half  mainly due to temporary difficulties in the bulk and export markets  was offset by growth in the Industrial Services segment in Spain  along with increased profitability in Brazil in line with the subsidiary’s plan to improve EBITDA.Group EBITDA also benefited from the stabilisation of the Holding company’s internal costs  resulting in a €1.8m EBITDA loss for the first half of 2024 compared to a €1.9m loss the previous year.H1 2024 EBITDA by cluster€m H1 2023 LFL change Currency impact H1 2024 LFL change(excl. currencyimpact) Reported growth (incl. currency impact) France 6.0 0.1 - 6.1 +2.4% +2.4% International 4.1 0.0 0.0 4.1 +0.5% +0.5% Holding company (1.9) 0.2 - (1.8) +8.6% +8.6% TOTAL MBWS GROUP 8.1 0.3 0.0 8.5 +4.0% +4.0%First half net profit  Group share amounted to €6.5m  up €1.4m over H1 2023. This increase was due to an improvement in operating profit and net financial income  bolstered by optimised cash investments.Balance sheet at 30 June 2024Shareholders’ equity (Group share) amounted to €211.0m at 30 June 2024  up from €203.3m at 31 December 2023  while gross debt remained stable at €7.1m. Gross cash and cash equivalents increased slightly to €47.1m at 30 June 2024  as did net cash  which amounted to €40.0m at 30 June 2024 versus €38.3m at 31 December 2023.Inventory and work-in-progress came to €53.6m at 30 June 2023  posting a considerable €2.9m decline year-on-year  reflecting the return to normal levels of purchasing inflation and control of operating inventory levels. The slight increase in trade receivables versus H1 2023 takes into account the effects of the price increases rolled out in 2023 to offset higher input costs. Furthermore  the programme to ramp up capital expenditure continued into H1 2024.OutlookThe 2023 financial year confirmed the Group’s resilience and flexibility amid an uncertain environment  thus demonstrating the Group’s ability to continue posting earnings growth and lay the foundations for the sustainable and profitable development of its business portfolio.As predicted  the gradual return to normal of the inflationary climate during the first half of 2024 was coupled with a market contraction in terms of both volumes and value  exacerbated by inventory rundowns across the distribution channels. These trends reflect the targeted moderation of consumer purchases. The Group continues to adapt to the elasticity of demand following price adjustments mainly carried out in 2023  while strengthening its innovation and investment approach.In 2024  although commercial outlook remains unclear for the end of the year  the Group is committed to maintaining the positive trend of EBITDA growth.It is actively preparing for 2025  which will be affected by the considerable impact of inflation on the ageing liquids produced during the inflationary period. The Group is approaching the future with caution  focusing on profitability through growth initiatives  rigorous commercial and operational management  and tight control of structural costs.Financial calendarPublication of revenues for the first nine months of 2024: 24 October 2024Investor and shareholder relations contactMBWS GroupEmilie Drexlerrelations.actionnaires@mbws.comTel.: +33 1 43 91 62 40 Press contactImage SeptClaire Doligez - Laurent Poinsotcdoligez@image7.fr – lpoinsot@image7.frTel.: +33 1 53 70 74 70About Marie Brizard Wine & SpiritsMarie Brizard Wine & Spirits is a wine and spirits group operating in Europe and the United States. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits stands out for its expertise  a combination of brands with a long tradition and a resolutely innovative spirit. Since the birth of the Maison Marie Brizard in 1755  the Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits Group has developed its brands in a spirit of modernity while respecting their origins. Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is committed to offering its customers bold and trusted brands full of flavour and experiences. The Group now has a rich portfolio of leading brands in their market segments  including William Peel  Sobieski  Marie Brizard  Cognac Gautier and San José.Marie Brizard Wine & Spirits is listed on Compartment B of Euronext Paris (FR0000060873 - MBWS) and is part of the EnterNext© PEA-PME 150 index.APPENDIX H1 2024 Consolidated Financial StatementsIncome statement(€000) H1 2024 H1 2023 Revenues 115 177 116 955 Excise duties (20 243) (18 192) Net revenues excluding excise duties 94 934 98 763 Cost of goods sold (58 731) (62 578) External expenses (12 834) (13 617) Personnel expense (14 935) (13 894) Taxes and levies (718) (835) Depreciation and amortisation charges (3 169) (2 936) Other operating income 1 795 1 834 Other operating expenses (1 123) (1 387) Underlying operating profit 5 219 5 350 Non-recurring operating income 2 238 1 440 Non-recurring operating expenses (1 424) (1 489) Operating profit 6 032 5 300 Income from cash and cash equivalents 818 59 Gross cost of debt (138) (124) Net cost of debt 680 (65) Other financial income 200 115 Other financial expenses (180) (123) Net financial income/(expense) 700 (74) Profit before tax 6 733 5 226 Income tax (203) (120) Net profit/(loss) from continuing operations 6 530 5 106 Net profit/(loss) from discontinued operations - - NET PROFIT/(LOSS) 6 530 5 106 Group share 6 521 5 102 of which Net profit/(loss) from continuing operations 6 521 5 102 of which Net profit/(loss) from discontinued operations - - Non-controlling interests 9 4 of which Net profit/(loss) from continuing operations 9 4 of which Net profit/(loss) from discontinued operations - - - Earnings per share from continuing operations  Group share (€) €0.06 €0.05 Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations  Group share (€) €0.06 €0.05 Earnings per share  Group share (€) €0.06 €0.05 Diluted earnings per share  Group share (€) €0.06 €0.05 Weighted average number of shares outstanding 111 884 212 111 856 360 Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding 111 884 212 111 856 360Balance sheetAssets (€000) 30/06/2024 31/12/2023 Non-current assets Goodwill 14 704 14 704 Intangible assets 74 445 76 137 Property  plant and equipment 32 847 31 206 Financial assets 958 965 Deferred tax assets 2 858 2 712 Total non-current assets 125 812 125 724 Current assets Inventory and work-in-progress 53 644 51 546 Trade receivables 40 599 40 999 Tax receivables 637 1 217 Other current assets 11 420 10 852 Current derivatives 330 83 Cash and cash equivalents 47 078 45 132 Total current assets 153 707 149 829 TOTAL ASSETS 279 519 275 553 Equity & Liabilities (€000) 30/06/2024 31/12/2023 Shareholders’ equity Share capital 156 786 156 786 Additional paid-in capital 72 815 72 815 Consolidated and other reserves (17 561) (26 332) Translation reserves (8 518) (8 746) Consolidated net profit/(loss) 6 521 8 732 Shareholders’ equity (Group share) 210 043 203 254 Non-controlling interests 103 94 Total shareholders’ equity 210 146 203 348 Non-current liabilities Employee benefits 1 601 1 497 Non-current provisions 3 591 3 738 Long-term borrowings – due in > 1 year 3 126 2 538 Other non-current liabilities 1 533 1 577 Deferred tax liabilities 200 145 Total non-current liabilities 10 051 9 495 Current liabilities Current provisions 3 094 3 633 Long-term borrowings – due in < 1 year 863 656 Short-term borrowings 3 105 3 615 Trade and other payables 34 056 34 094 Tax liabilities 95 416 Other current liabilities 18 108 20 241 Current derivatives 1 55 Total current liabilities 59 322 62 710 TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 279 519 275 553Cash flow statement.(€000) H1 2024 H1 2023 Total consolidated net profit/(loss) 6 530 5 106 Depreciation and provisions 2 883 1 580 Gains/(losses) on disposals and dilution (418) 18 Operating cash flow after net cost of debt and tax 8 995 6 704 Income tax charge/(income) 203 120 Net cost of debt (667) 63 Operating cash flow before net cost of debt and tax 8 530 6 887 Change in working capital 1 (inventories  trade receivables/payables) (2 553) 607 Change in working capital 2 (other items) (1 874) (5 270) Tax paid/received 49 (2 317) Cash flow from operating activities 4 153 (93) Purchase of PP&E and intangible assets (2 662) (1 858) Decrease (increase) in loans and advances granted (11) 116 Disposal of PP&E and intangible assets 477 - Impact of change in consolidation scope (4) (116) Cash flow from investment activities (2 200) (1 858) Capital increase - - New borrowings - 37 Borrowings repaid (447) (360) Net interest (paid)/received 599 (11) Net change in short-term debt (463) (55) Cash flow from financing activities (311) (389) Impact of exchange rate fluctuations 304 (263) Change in cash and cash equivalents 1 945 (2 603) Opening cash and cash equivalents 45 133 47 496 Closing cash and cash equivalents 47 078 44 893 Change in cash and cash equivalents 1 945 (2 603)1 EBITDA = EBIT + depreciation & amortisation + provisions excl. current assetsNB: All revenue growth figures reported herein are at constant exchange rates and consolidation scope  unless otherwise stated. Financial data individually rounded up or down.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.19,0.48,True,English,"['Marie Brizard Wine', 'H1 2024 earnings', 'Spirits', 'ethanol bulk unit sale prices', 'third-party brand distribution offerings', 'Gross Margin rate level', 'The Marie Brizard brand', 'Marie Brizard Wine', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Gross margin ratio', 'Paris 2024 Olympic Games', 'constant exchange rates', 'Asia Pacific region', 'Sobieski brand products', 'complex short-term context', 'Simplified income statement', 'various export markets', 'difficult market conditions', 'Regional Stars brands', 'cost control initiative', 'The France Cluster', 'Industrial Services segment', 'First half 2024 revenues', 'First half 2024 earnings', 'First half 2024 EBITDA', 'strong Q1 2024 performance', 'cost prices', 'brand business', 'net income', 'complex environment', 'Sobieski brands', 'Off-Trade segment', 'Taiwanese markets', 'continued control', 'Cluster revenues', 'International Cluster', 'sluggish market', 'spirits market', 'consumer demand', 'Net profit', 'audit procedures', 'Fahd Khadraoui', 'good performance', '+1.5 percentage point', 'core offering', 'International Strategic', 'long term', 'considerable increases', 'Net revenues', 'excise duties', 'operating profit', 'international business', 'second quarter', 'strong resilience', 'strategic brands', 'William Peel', 'solid performance', 'new listings', 'price increases', 'base effect', 'stocking effect', 'International revenues', 'contrasting trends', 'European subsidiaries', 'lesser extent', 'subcontracting business', 'brand-owning partners', 'United States', 'buying power', 'Australian, Korean', 'consolidated earnings', 'spirits sector', 'production costs', 'structural costs', 'sustainable growth', 'inflationary period', 'currency impact', 'high inflation', 'slight growth', 'continued slowdown', '150 bp increase', 'EPS H1', 'H1 2024 Change', 'H1 2024 revenues', 'rigorous sales', 'Group share', 'H1 2024 earnings', 'Charenton-le-Pont', '26 September', 'decline', 'Company', 'Euronext', 'MBWS', 'Board', 'Directors', 'headwinds', 'improvement', 'wave', 'result', 'efforts', 'teams', 'fundamentals', 'investments', 'innovation', 'productivity', 'competitiveness', 'liquids', 'Whisky', 'Cognac', 'commitment', 'dedication', '1 March', 'stock-outs', 'customers', 'half-year', 'preparation', 'regions', 'Q2', 'Spain', 'Lithuania', 'Scandinavia', 'Bulgaria', 'Atlantic', 'distributor', 'inventory', 'Brazil', 'volumes', 'Benelux', 'Italy', 'Germany', 'Poland', 'wines', '2023']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,globenewswire.com
45803,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.investing.com/news/press-releases/balyo-announces-2024-half-year-results-93CH-3634709,BALYO Announces 2024 Half Year Results By Investing.com,BALYO Announces 2024 Half Year Results,"2024 half-year sales at €13.8 million  down -7%Backlog1 at €17.9 million in H1 2024  +73% vs. H1 2023Gross margin drop to 21% from 41% in H1 2023With a cash position2 of €4.7 million as of June 30  2024 and current orders forecast for H2  the Company's financial visibility goes until end of November 2024Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting to be held on October 23  2024  in view of a contemplated capital increase with preferential subscription rights3ARCUEIL  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:BALYO (FR0013258399  Ticker: BALYO)  technology leader in the design and development of innovative robotic solutions for industrial trucks  today announces its results for the first half of 2024  approved by the Board of Directors on September 26  2024.Pascal Rialland  CEO of BALYO  states: The 2024 first half results were marked by a slower than expected dynamic in Direct Sales which was needed to compensate for the end of order commitments from Linde (NYSE: ) Material Handling. Still  order intake was in majority generated in direct  representing 68% of total orders received  and our sales were mostly driven by the US market. However  the deployment of service force combined with depreciation of stock and unfavorable product mix over H1 have generated higher costs compared with last year first semester  thus impacting our operating profit for the period. Concurrently  with regards to our current cash position  we recently announced our intention to launch a capital increase with preferential subscription rights of €36 million  which is subject to the Shareholders' Meeting to be held on October 23. The goal of this transaction is two-fold: reinforce our balance sheet and extend BALYO's cash requirements for the 12-month period following the implementation of the transaction to further support our sales momentum. All our teams remains highly dedicated to keep the sales momentum and maintain control over the costs to preserve our cash position.2024 First Half ActivityAs already announced  in the second quarter of 2024  BALYO recorded sales at €8.5 million  compared to €7.6 million in Q2 2023  up 12%. In total  sales for the first half of 2024 stood at €13.8 million  a slight decrease of 7% compared with the first half of 2023.As a reminder  sales for the first half of 2023 had benefited from the order commitment contract from Linde Material Handling. By region  lower activity can be observed in the EMEA region in the first half of 2024  where BALYO posted sales of €5.9 million  down -45%. Sales in the United States and APAC grew respectively by +103%  to €6.6 million  and +54%  to €1.2 million  in the first half of 2024.After incorporating new orders  the backlog sets at €17.9 million as of June 30  2024  up sharply over €10.3 million as of June 30  2023. BALYO's sales momentum was mainly driven by a 69% increase in order intake over the second quarter of 2024  reaching €5.5 million at end of June 2024. The geographical breakdown shows a surge in the backlog  both in the United States (+215%) and the APAC region (+116%)  while the business in EMEA slightly declined.Over the period  direct order intake represented 68% of total orders received  compared with 24% at end of Q2 2023  a level of performance very close to the Company's ambitions.2024 Half-Year Financial ResultsIn € million H1 2024 H1 2023 Change Sales revenue 13.79 14.89 -7% Cost of sales -10.84 -8.76 +24% Gross profit 2.94 6.13 -52% Gross margin rate 21% 41% -20pts Research and Development -2.77 -2.36 +17% Sales and Marketing -1.90 -1.78 +7% General and administrative expenses -4.11 -3.72 +11% Share-based payment expense - -0.11 Other operating profit and expenses -1.16 - Operating loss -7.01 -1.85 -279% Financial expense -0.39 -0.54 -28% Net loss -7.40 -2.43 -205% Cash position (as of June 30) 4.73 2.16The limited review by the Statutory Auditors and the related report are currently being finalized.In the first half of 2024  the gross profit amounted to €2.9 million  down -52% vs. the first half of 2023. BALYO recorded higher costs of sales relating to a defavorable product mix and an exceptional depreciation on components and batteries inventories amounting to €0.6 million due to obsolescence. As a result  the gross margin decreased to 21% as of June 30  2024 from 41% as of June 30  2023.Operating expenses stood at €9.95 million  up 25% due to higher expenses in R&D (+17%)  sales and marketing (+7%) and general and administrative (+11%). This increase is related to higher personnel costs and BALYO's participation to major trade fairs to extend the Company's footprint in the United States.After taking these items into account  the operating loss for the period came to - €7 million  compared with - €1.9 million in the first half of 2023.Net financial expense came to - €0.4 million  compared with - €0.5 million as of June 30  2023  impacted mainly by the fair value of convertible bonds.Overall  net income for the first half of 2024 totaled - €7.4 million  compared with - €2.4 million for the first half of 2023.As of June 30  2024  BALYO had 169 employees  compared with 155 at the end of December 2023.Financial Position and OutlookOn June 30  2024  BALYO's cash position2 stood at €4.7 million  compared to €8.6 million as of December 31  2023. Based on the Company's cash position on June 30  2024  firm order intake  the level of the backlog1 and current forecasts and postponement of payment deadlines granted to BALYO by one of its main suppliers initially scheduled in 2024 to 2025  BALYO has the necessary financial resources to fund its operations until end of November 2024.On September 24  2024  BALYO's cash position2 stood at €2.4 million. The Company currently anticipates that it will continue to generate losses in the short and mid-terms  and that its cash position as of September 24  2024 will therefore not be sufficient to cover operating requirements for the next 12 months after that date. As a result  there is uncertainty about BALYO's ability to continue as a going concern over the next 12 months.Given the above-mentioned items  on September 9  2024  BALYO announced its intention to launch a capital increase with preferential subscription rights of €36 million (the Rights Issue). An Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting will be held on October 23  2024  to give a delegation to the Board of Directors to allow the Company to complete the contemplated Rights Issue. The purpose of this capital increase is both to reinforce BALYO's balance sheet as well as to satisfy its cash requirements over the 12-month period following the transaction.The contemplated Rights Issue is subject to (i) the approval by the Shareholders' Meeting of a financial delegation to the Board of Directors  and (ii) the French AutoritÃ© des marchÃ©s financiers' (the AMF) approval on the prospectus relating to the Rights Issue.Upon satisfaction of the above-mentioned conditions  the SoftBank (TYO: ) Group (SoftBank through SVF II Strategic Investments AIV LLC (SSI AIV)  the main Company shareholder)  is planning to (x) subscribe to the Rights Issue prorata its shareholding of circa 80% following partial conversion of the convertible bonds in the Company issued to SSI AIV and (y) in the event of any shares remaining unsubscribed at the completion of the rights issue period  SSI AIV is willing to subscribe for such shares  up to 100% of the offering. SSI AIV's subscriptions would be partially effected through set-off against the then outstanding amounts owed to SoftBank under (i) the shareholder loan executed on March 21  20244 (approx. €13.2 million)  and (ii) part of the convertible bonds issued by the Company and subscribed by SSI AIV on June 14  20235 (approx. €2.7 million). SoftBank has indicated that it contemplates  following the completion of the Rights Issue  to keep the Company listed for a period of at least 12 months.The financial terms of the Rights Issue would be determined on the basis of the then-applicable market conditions.Over the next weeks  BALYO will therefore keep on working in the rebound of its commercial momentum  by leveraging on its model based on Direct Sales and maintaining tight control over its costs to preserve its cash position.2024 Half-Year Financial ReportBALYO will make available to the public and submit to the AutoritÃ© des marchÃ©s financiers its half-year financial report as of June 30  2024  within the legal timeframe. The 2024 half-year financial report will be made available by September 30  2024  on BALYO's website at www.balyo.com  in the ""Documentation"" section.Next BALYO financial announcement: third quarter 2024 revenue  on October 24  2024 after market closing.About BALYOHumans around the World deserve enriching and creative jobs. At BALYO  we believe that pallet movements in DC and manufacturing sites should be left to fully autonomous robots. To execute this ambition  BALYO transforms standard forklifts into intelligent robots thanks to its breakthrough Driven by Balyo™ technology. Our leading geo guidance navigation system enables robots to locate their position and navigate autonomously inside buildings - without the need for any additional infrastructure. To accelerate the material handling market conversion to autonomy  BALYO has entered into two global partnerships with KION (Fenwick-Linde's parent company) and Hyster-Yale Group. A full range of globally available robots has been developed for virtually all traditional warehousing applications; Tractor  Pallet  Stackers  Reach and VNA-robots. BALYO and its subsidiaries in Boston and Singapore serve clients in the Americas  Europe and Asia-Pacific. The company has been listed on EURONEXT since 2017 and its sales revenue reached €26.7 million in 2023. For more information  visit www.balyo.com._ _ _ _ _ _ ___1 The backlog refers to all project orders received but not yet delivered. The backlog of BALYO refers to all orders for projects received but not yet delivered and evolves every quarter following the taking into account of new orders  the revenue generated by projects during the period and any orders modification or cancellation.2 This cash position corresponds to the cash and cash equivalents item in the consolidated financial statements.3 Announcement of an Ordinary and Extraordinary General Meeting on October 23  2024  in View of a Contemplated Capital Increase with Preferential Subscription Right  on September 9  20244 Find the terms and conditions on BALYO's investor website in the Documentation section5 Proposed tender offer from SoftBank Group to acquire Balyo's shares  June 14  2023View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240926723488/en/BALYOinvestors@balyo.comNewCapFinancial Communication and Investor RelationsThomas Grojean / AurÃ©lie ManavarerePhone: +33 1 44 71 94 94balyo@newcap.euSource: BALYO",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.14,0.72,True,English,"['2024 Half Year Results', 'BALYO', 'Investing', 'last year first semester', 'preferential subscription rights3', 'innovative robotic solutions', 'unfavorable product mix', 'defavorable product mix', 'major trade fairs', 'Share-based payment expense', 'order commitment contract', 'Gross margin rate', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'Net financial expense', 'Other operating profit', 'Change Sales revenue', '2024 Half-Year Financial Results', 'higher personnel costs', 'current cash position', 'Linde Material Handling', '2024 First Half Activity', '2024 first half results', 'direct order intake', 'current orders', 'financial visibility', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'lower activity', 'Gross profit', 'order commitments', 'Net loss', 'net income', 'higher costs', 'cash position2', 'cash requirements', 'Operating loss', 'Regulatory News', 'technology leader', 'industrial trucks', 'Pascal Rialland', 'US market', 'service force', 'balance sheet', 'second quarter', 'slight decrease', 'United States', 'new orders', 'geographical breakdown', 'limited review', 'Statutory Auditors', 'related report', 'batteries inventories', 'higher expenses', 'R&D', 'fair value', 'convertible bonds', 'Operating expenses', '2024 half-year sales', 'total orders', 'capital increase', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'exceptional depreciation', 'Direct Sales', 'sales momentum', '12-month period', 'administrative expenses', 'EMEA region', 'APAC region', '69% increase', 'Backlog1', 'H1', 'June', 'Company', 'end', 'November', 'October', 'ARCUEIL', 'France', 'BALYO', 'Ticker', 'design', 'development', 'Board', 'Directors', 'September', 'CEO', 'slower', 'dynamic', 'NYSE', 'majority', 'deployment', 'stock', 'regards', 'intention', 'goal', 'transaction', 'implementation', 'teams', 'control', 'Q2', 'reminder', 'surge', 'level', 'performance', 'ambitions', '20pts', 'Research', 'Marketing', 'components', 'obsolescence', 'participation', 'footprint', 'items', 'account', '€']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,investing.com
45804,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/09/26/2954021/0/en/Cegedim-Revenue-and-EBITDA-both-increased-in-the-first-half-of-2024.html,Cegedim: Revenue and EBITDA both increased in the first half of 2024,PRESS RELEASE First-half financial information at June 30  2024IFRS - Regulated information - Audited  Cegedim: Revenue and EBITDA both increased...,PRESS RELEASEFirst-half financial information at June 30  2024IFRS - Regulated information - AuditedCegedim: Revenue and EBITDA both increased in the first half of 2024Revenue grew 6.0% as reported and 4.6% LFL to €319.0 millionEBITDA rose 6.9% to €52.2 millionRecurring operating income(1) (REBIT) fell 3.4% to €10.3 millionBoulogne-Billancourt  France  September 26  2024  after the market closeCegedim generated consolidated H1 2024 revenues of €319.0 million  a 6.0% year-on-year increase as reported  and EBITDA of €52.2 million  a €3.4 million or 6.9% increase. Recurring operating income fell €0.4 million  or 3.4%  to €10.3 million.H1 2024 H1 2023 Change in €m (in %) (in €m) (in %) (in €m) in % Revenues 319.0 100.0% 301.0 100.00% 18.0 6.0% EBITDA(1) 52.2 16.4% 48.8 +16.2% 3.4 6.9% Depreciation & amortization -41.9 -38.1 -3.8 -9.8% Recurring operating income(1) 10.3 3.2% 10.7 3.6% -0.4 -3.4% Other non-recurring operating income and expenses(1) -2.6 -1.4 -1.2 -88.8% Operating income 7.7 2.4% 9.3 3.1% -1.6 -17.1% Financial result -5.0 -5.6 0.6 10.8% Total tax -2.9 -12.4 9.5 76.8% Share of net profit (loss) of equity method companies 0.1 -0.5 0.6 110.3% Consolidated net profit -0.1 0.0% -9.2 -3.1% 9.1 99.0% Non-controlling interests -0.7 -0.4 -0.3 -69.3% Group share 0.6 0.2% -8.8 -2.9% 9.4 107.2% Recurring earnings per share(2) (in euros) 0.0 - -0.6 - Earnings per share (in euros) 0.0 - -0.6 -Consolidated revenues rose €18.0 million  or 6.0%  to €319.0 million in H1 2024 compared with €301.0 million in 2023. The positive scope effect of €3.7 million  or 1.2%  was attributable to the first-time consolidation in Cegedim’s accounts of Visiodent starting March 1  2024. The positive currency impact was €0.5 million  or 0.2%  chiefly owing to appreciation of the pound sterling against the euro. In like-for-like terms(2)  revenues rose 4.6% in the first half  in line with the Group’s announced outlook. The performance was attributable to seasonality and the non-recurrence of Ségur public health investments in 2024.EBITDA(1) rose €3.4 million between the first half of 2023 and 2024  or 6.9%. The improvement is the result of good management of personnel costs and external costs  in moderate growth as a percentage of revenues even though the amount of R&D capitalization fell and the Group had an additional quarter of start-up costs for its biggest BPO contract.-------------(1) Alternative performance indicator See pages 112-113 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document.(2) At constant scope and exchange rates.Depreciation and amortization expenses rose €3.7 million  chiefly due to a €3.1 million increase in R&D amortization (€22.7 million at June 30  2024 compared with €19.7 million a year earlier) driven by development efforts in recent years.Recurring operating income(1) fell €0.4 million to €10.3 million in H1 2024 compared with €10.7 million in 2023. It amounted to 3.2% of 2024 revenue compared with 3.6% in 2023. The fine EBITDA performance did not drop through to recurring operating income solely because of higher depreciation and amortization. Excluding the impact of Ségur subsidies and at comparable levels of amortization of capitalized R&D  Recurring operating income would have more than doubled.Other non-current operating costs(1) amounted to €2.6 million in H1 2024 compared with €1.4 million in the same period in 2023. The principal items in 2024 were restructuring costs related to the Group’s decision to refocus software for doctors in the UK on Scotland and fees related to the Visiodent acquisition.Taking these elements into account  operating income came to €7.7 million at June 30  2024  compared with €9.3 million a year earlier.Financial result was a loss of €5.0 million compared with a €5.6 million loss in H1 2023. Dividend income over the period more than offset the increase in the cost of financial debt.Tax was back to normal levels at €2.6 million in H1 2024 compared with €12.4 million in H1 2023. As a reminder  in 2023 the Group made a non-cash adjustment that caused it to record a deferred tax charge corresponding to the downward revision of its estimated remaining deferred tax assets.Analysis of business trends by divisionin millions of euros Total Software & Services Flow Data & Marketing BPO Cloud & Support Revenue 2023 reported2023 reclassified (*) 301.0301.0 161.5150.6 48.246.8 54.954.9 32.832.8 3.515.8 2024 319.0 152.1 49.5 59.3 39.9 18.1 Change 6.0% 1.0% 5.8% 8.0% 21.6% 14.5% Recurring operating income 2023 reported2023 reclassified (*) 10.710.7 -2.0-2.5 5.65.2 6.66.6 1.41.4 -0.90.0 2024 10.3 -1.4 5.9 5.3 1.9 -1.3 Change -3.4% 42.4% 12.8% -19.8% 36.0% na Recurring operating margin (as a % of revenues)2023 reported3.6%-1.2%11.7%11.9%4.3%-24.7% 2023 reclassified (*) 3.6% -1.7% 11.1% 11.9% 4.3% 0.3% 2024 3.2% -1.0% +11.8% 8.9% 4.8% -7.0%(*) As of January 1  2024  our Cegedim Outsourcing and Audiprint subsidiaries—which were previously housed in the Software & Services division—as well as BSV—formerly of the Flow division—have been moved to the Cloud & Support division in order to capitalize on operating synergies between cloud activities and IT solutions integration.Software & Services: H1 2024 revenues posted a €1.5 million increase  and recurring operating income (REBIT)(1) improved by €1.1 million to a loss of €1.4 million  compared with a €2.5 million loss a year earlier.-------------(1) Alternative performance indicator See pages 112-113 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document.Software & Services First half Change2024 / 2023in millions of euros 2024 2023 Revenues 152.1 150.6 1.5 1.0% Cegedim Santé 38.9 39.8 -1.0 -2.4% Insurance  HR  Pharmacies  and other services 86.7 84.5 2.3 2.7% International businesses 26.5 26.3 0.2 0.6% Recurring operating income(1) -1.4 -2.5 1.1 42.4% Cegedim Santé -1.6 -1.4 -0.2 -11.8% Insurance  HR  Pharmacies  and other services 3.4 3.3 0.1 3.5% International businesses -3.3 -4.4 1.1 25.6%As expected  Cegedim Santé felt the impact of increased R&D amortization (nearly €1 million) and a demanding comparison owing to the non-recurrence of Ségur public health investments (€4.4 million in H1 2023 revenues). The consolidation of Visiodent starting March 1  2024  only partly offset those two items. Recurring operating income was nearly stable over the first half  but EBITDA increased as expected.The other businesses in the division posted REBIT(1) of €1.2 million. A solid performance by HR solutions  which managed to keep costs under control during a phase of strong growth  compensated for slower pharmacy equipment sales post-Ségur. The international businesses got a boost from dynamic sales for doctors in Spain and for insurers in the UK. As we shift our operations  narrowing the focus of our UK doctor’s software business to Scotland continued to generate costs in the first half.Flow : Revenues rose 5.8%  driven by Cegedim e-business (process digitalization and electronic data flows)  both of whose businesses made positive contributions; by Invoicing & Procurement  which rebounded in France and is benefiting from the upcoming reform in Germany; and by Healthcare Flow Management  which has dynamic new offerings for hospitals to make their drug purchasing secure. Over the same period  Third-party payer systems posted 3.6% growth. As a result  REBIT (1) rose 12.8%  with Third-party payer systems making the biggest contribution  as Cegedim e-business recorded a large R&D amortization charge.: Revenues rose 5.8%  driven by Cegedim e-business (process digitalization and electronic data flows)  both of whose businesses made positive contributions; by Invoicing & Procurement  which rebounded in France and is benefiting from the upcoming reform in Germany; and by Healthcare Flow Management  which has dynamic new offerings for hospitals to make their drug purchasing secure. Over the same period  Third-party payer systems posted 3.6% growth. As a result  REBIT rose 12.8%  with Third-party payer systems making the biggest contribution  as Cegedim e-business recorded a large R&D amortization charge. Data & Marketing: Trends differed at this division—Marketing is still going strong  with 20% growth  whereas Data revenues fell 2.8%  particularly abroad. REBIT (1) of €6.6 million was down €1.3 million over the first half owing to high fixed costs in Data and increased depreciation and amortization costs at C-Media (+€1 million) due to heavy investments in updating its digital signage equipment.Trends differed at this division—Marketing is still going strong  with 20% growth  whereas Data revenues fell 2.8%  particularly abroad. REBIT of €6.6 million was down €1.3 million over the first half owing to high fixed costs in Data and increased depreciation and amortization costs at C-Media (+€1 million) due to heavy investments in updating its digital signage equipment. BPO: Revenue jumped more than 21% over the first half  buoyed notably by a full six months of the contract with Allianz  which started on April 1  2023  and is expected to generate losses in the early years. But the division reined in those losses so well that REBIT (1) rose €0.5 million in the first half of 2024 to reach €1.9 million  also getting a boost from the HR BPO and digitalization businesses.Revenue jumped more than 21% over the first half  buoyed notably by a full six months of the contract with Allianz  which started on April 1  2023  and is expected to generate losses in the early years. But the division reined in those losses so well that REBIT rose €0.5 million in the first half of 2024 to reach €1.9 million  also getting a boost from the HR BPO and digitalization businesses. Cloud & Support: H1 2024 REBIT(1) was a loss of €1.3 million  compared with breakeven a year earlier. The drop was due to surcharges related to the launch of a new cloud offering and recruitment of new offshore teams.---------(1) Alternative performance indicator See pages 112-113 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document.HighlightsApart from the items cited below  to the best of the company’s knowledge  there were no events or changes during H1 2024 that would materially alter the Group’s financial situation.Acquisition of VisiodentOn February 15  2024  Cegedim Santé acquired Visiodent  a leading French publisher of management software for dental practices and health clinics. Visiodent launched the market’s first 100% SaaS solution  Veasy  at a time when it was significantly expanding its organization. Its users now include the country’s largest nation-wide networks of health clinics  both cooperative and privately owned  as well as several thousand dental surgeons in private practice. Visiodent generated revenue of c.€10 million in 2023 and began contributing to Cegedim Group’s consolidation scope on March 1  2024.TaxCegedim S.A. has been subject to two tax audits since 2018  which have resulted in reassessments relating to the use of tax-loss carryforwards contested by the tax authorities. Cegedim  in consultation with its lawyers  believes that the reassessments are unfounded in light of the applicable tax law and jurisprudence. The Company has therefore taken  and continues to take  all possible avenues of contestation.As these appeals are not suspensive  Cegedim has paid the amounts reassessed over time (a total of 23 million euros already paid  including 10.9 million euros disbursed in February 2024). The remaining risk of future disbursements in respect of this dispute thus amounts to only 5 million euros at June 30  2024.However  these disbursements have never given rise to the recognition of a tax charge in the P&L  since the Company considers that these sums will be recoverable at the end of the proceedings (they are recognized as advances paid on the assets side of the balance sheet). Should the outcome be unfavorable  a charge of 28 million euros (of which 23 million has already been paid) would have to be recorded in the consolidated income statement.In addition  the consolidated balance sheet must show the future tax savings still realizable in respect of tax loss carryforwards. This “deferred tax asset” amounted to 6.9 million euros at June 30  2024.Should the outcome be unfavorable  the probability of realizing these future savings would become nil  and an adjustment of 6.9 million euros would have to be recorded in the consolidated income statement (with no cash impact  since these gains have never yet been realized).Consequently  the risk associated with this dispute is not (or very little) in terms of cash  but rather in terms of a possible adjustment to the consolidated income. The maximum P&L adjustment risk is known: it amounts to 34.9 million euros and will remain unchanged. Only its breakdown varies at each closing: the amount of disputed tax savings (28 million to date) will continue to increase  and that of remaining future savings (6.9 million to date) will decrease accordingly until exhausted.In the last quarter of 2023  the Company referred this dispute to the administrative court  which is likely to continue for several years.Significant transactions and events post June 30  2024Apart from the items cited below  to the best of the company’s knowledge  there were no post-closing events or changes after June 30  2024  that would materially alter the Group’s financial situation.New financing arrangementOn July 31  2024  Cegedim announced that it had secured a new financing arrangement consisting of a €230 million syndicated loan. The arrangement is split into €180 million of lines drawn upon closing to refinance the Group’s existing debt (RCF and Euro PP  which were to mature in October 2024 and October 2025 respectively) and an additional  undrawn revolving credit facility (RCF) of €50 million. This new financing arrangement will bolster the Group’s liquidity and extend the maturity of its debt to  respectively  5 years (€30 million  payments every six months); 6 years (€60 million  repayable upon maturity); and 7 years (€90 million  repayable upon maturity).OutlookBased on the currently available information  the Group expects 2024 like-for-like(2) revenue growth to be in the range of 5-8% relative to 2023. Recurring operating income should continue to improve  following a similar trajectory as in 2023.Recurring operating income(1) is expected to grow  notably thanks to the initial returns on investments made in Cegedim Santé and refocusing international activities.These targets may need to be revised in the event of unexpected developments (pandemic  etc.) and/or a significant worsening of geopolitical and macroeconomic risks. The Group reiterates that it has no activities or exposed assets in Russia or Ukraine.---------------The Audit Committee met on September 25  2024. The Board of Directors  chaired by Jean-Claude Labrune  met on September 26  2024  and approved the consolidated financial statements at June 30  2024  of which the statutory auditors have conducted a limited review. The Interim Financial Report will be available in a few days’ time  in French and in English  on our website.WEBCAST ON SEPTEMBER 26  2024  AT 6:15 PM (PARIS TIME) The webcast is available at: www.cegedim.fr/webcastThe first-half 2024 results presentation is available: On the website: https://www.cegedim.fr/finance/documentation/Pages/presentations.aspx2024 financial calendar2024 October 24 after the close Q3 2024 revenuesFinancial calendar: https://www.cegedim.fr/finance/agenda/Pages/default.aspxDisclaimerThis press release is available in French and in English. In the event of any difference between the two versions  the original French version takes precedence. This press release may contain inside information. It was sent to Cegedim’s authorized distributor on September 26  2024  no earlier than 5:45 pm Paris time.The figures cited in this press release include guidance on Cegedim's future financial performance targets. This forward-looking information is based on the opinions and assumptions of the Group’s senior management at the time this press release is issued and naturally entails risks and uncertainty. For more information on the risks facing Cegedim  please refer to Chapter 7  “Risk management”  section 7.2  “Risk factors and insurance”  and Chapter 3  “Overview of the financial year”  section 3.6  “Outlook”  of the 2023 Universal Registration Document filled with the AMF on April 3  2024  under number D.24-0233.About Cegedim:Founded in 1969  Cegedim is an innovative technology and services group in the field of digital data flow management for healthcare ecosystems and B2B  and a business software publisher for healthcare and insurance professionals. Cegedim employs more than 6 500 people in more than 10 countries and generated revenue of €616 million in 2023.Cegedim SA is listed in Paris (EURONEXT: CGM).To learn more please visit: www.cegedim.frAnd follow Cegedim on X: @CegedimGroup  LinkedIn  and Facebook.Aude BalleydierCegedimMedia Relationsand Communications ManagerTel.: +33 (0)1 49 09 68 81aude.balleydier@cegedim.fr Damien BuffetCegedimHead of Financial CommunicationTel.: +33 (0)7 64 63 55 73damien.buffet@cegedim.com Céline PardoBecoming RP AgencyMedia Relations ConsultantTel.: +33 (0)6 52 08 13 66cegedim@becoming-group.com---------(1) Alternative performance indicator See pages 112-113 of the 2023 Universal Registration Document.(2) At constant scope and exchange rates.AnnexesConsolidated financial statements at June 30  2024Assets au 30 juin 2024In thousands of euros 6/30/2024 12/31/2023 Goodwill 234 955 199 787 Development costs 29 706 1 562 Other intangible fixed assets 177 834 192 616 Intangible non-current assets 207 541 194 178 Land 594 544 Buildings 1 556 1 660 Other property  plant  and equipment 53 006 45 829 Advances and non-current assets in progress 901 831 Rights of use 86 092 89 718 Tangible fixed assets 142 149 138 582 Equity investments 0 0 Loans 16 332 15 332 Other long-term investments 7 120 5 230 Long-term investments – excluding equity shares in equity method companies 23 452 20 563 Equity shares in equity method companies 19 086 22 065 Deferred tax assets 18 209 19 747 Prepaid expenses: long-term portion 0 0 Non-current assets 645 390 594 922 Goods 6 072 5 498 Advances and deposits received on orders 1 396 3 703 Accounts receivables: short-term portion 182 907 175 199 Other receivables: short-term portion 59 070 59 563 Current tax credits 27 262 16 495 Cash equivalents 0 0 Cash 35 414 46 606 Prepaid expenses: short-term portion 26 138 22 082 Current assets 338 260 329 146 Total assets 983 651 924 068Liabilities et shareholders’ equity at June 30  2024In thousands of euros 6/30/2024 12/31/2023 Share capital 13 432 13 337 Consolidated retained earnings 276 449 282 521 Group exchange gains/losses -11 848 -12 275 Group earnings 630 -7 407 Shareholders’ equity  Group share 278 663 276 175 Minority interest 17 550 18 381 Shareholders’ equity 296 213 294 556 Non-current financial liabilities 187 714 188 546 Non-current lease liabilities 76 267 78 761 Deferred tax liabilities 5 949 5 600 Post-employment benefit obligations 30 632 31 007 Non-current provisions 2 147 2 521 Non-current liabilities 302 710 306 435 Current financial liabilities 61 570 3 006 Current lease liabilities 14 661 14 789 Trade payables and related accounts 57 225 61 734 Current tax liabilities 192 235 Tax and social security liabilities 113 884 121 371 Non-current provisions 1 660 1 730 Other current liabilities 135 538 120 212 Current liabilities 384 728 323 077 Total liabilities 983 651 924 068Income statement at June 30  2024In thousands of euros 6/30/2024 6/30/2023 Revenues 318 995 301 011 Purchases used -14 045 -14 739 External expenses -72 687 -66 371 Taxes -3 961 -4 291 Payroll costs -173 240 -163 623 Impairment of trade receivables and other receivables and on contract assets -872 -2 041 Allowances to and reversals of provisions -2 440 -1 830 Other operating expenses -690 108 Share of profit (loss) from affiliates on the income statement 1 146 603 EBITDA (1) 52 207 48 827 Depreciation expenses other than right-of-use assets -33 140 -29 030 Depreciation expenses of right-of-use assets -8 733 -9 097 Recurring operating income(1) 10 334 10 700 Non-recurring operating income and expenses -2 616 -1 385 Other non-recurring operating income and expenses(1) -2 616 -1 385 Operating income 7 718 9 315 Income from cash and cash equivalents 326 180 Cost of gross financial debt -7 121 -5 633 Other financial income and expenses 1 813 -136 Net financial income (expense) -4 983 -5 589 Income taxes -1 226 -1 841 Deferred income taxes -1 652 -10 588 Tax -2 878 -12 429 Share of profit (loss) from affiliates 53 -515 Consolidated net profit -90 -9 219 Group share 630 -8 793 Income from equity-accounted affiliates -721 -426 Average number of shares excluding treasury stock 13 695 317 13 658 348 Recurring earnings per share (in euros) 0.0 -0.6 Earnings per share (in euros) 0.0 -0.6Cash flow statement as of June 30  2024In thousands of euros 6/30/2024 6/30/2023 Consolidated net profit -90 -9 219 Share of profit (loss) from affiliates -1 199 -88 Depreciation and amortization expenses and provisions 40 531 37 972 Capital gains or losses on disposals of operating assets -52 -798 Cash flow after cost of net financial debt and taxes 39 190 27 867 Cost of net financial debt 4 983 5 589 Tax expenses 2 878 12 429 Cash flow from operating activities before tax and interest 47 051 45 885 Tax paid -11 634 -378 Impact of change in working capital requirements -13 206 -18 032 Cash flow generated from operating activities after tax paid and change inworking capital requirements 22 211 27 476 Acquisitions of intangible fixed assets -29 879 -29 550 Acquisitions of tangible fixed assets -15 935 -11 759 Acquisitions of long-term investments 0 -36 Disposals of property  plant  and equipment and of intangible assets 553 2 575 Disposals of long-term investments 934 805 Change in deposits received or paid -860 -156 Impact of changes in consolidation scope -35 454 -2 172 Dividends received from outside the Group 4 073 30 Net cash from (used in) investing activities -76 568 -40 264 Capital increase 985 - Dividends paid to minority shareholders of consolidated cos. 0 - Dividends paid to shareholders of the parent company -1 - Debt issuance 55 000 - Debt repayments -219 -193 Employee profit sharing 145 129 Repayment of lease liabilities -8 152 -11 353 Interest paid on loans -972 -117 Other financial income received 718 596 Other financial expenses paid -3 612 -3 492 Net cash flow used in financing activities 43 892 -14 430 Change in net cash excluding currency impact -10 465 -27 218 Impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates -728 -456 Change in net cash -11 194 -27 674 Opening cash 46 606 55 553 Closing cash 35 412 27 879Financial covenantsThe Group complied with all its covenants as of June 30  2024.(1) Alternative performance indicatorAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,negative,0.01,0.15,0.83,True,English,"['first half', 'Cegedim', 'Revenue', 'EBITDA', 'Ségur public health investments', 'remaining deferred tax assets', 'Other non-recurring operating income', 'Other non-current operating costs', 'Ségur subsidies', 'equity method companies', 'biggest BPO contract', '2023 Universal Registration Document', 'deferred tax charge', 'Services Flow Data', 'Marketing BPO Cloud', 'Recurring operating margin', 'positive scope effect', 'Alternative performance indicator', 'R&D capitalization', 'positive currency impact', 'First-half financial information', 'Consolidated net profit', 'R&D amortization', 'fine EBITDA performance', 'Dividend income', 'Regulated information', 'Total tax', 'constant scope', 'personnel costs', 'external costs', 'start-up costs', 'restructuring costs', 'Recurring earnings', 'financial debt', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'first half', 'Non-controlling interests', 'first-time consolidation', 'pound sterling', 'good management', 'moderate growth', 'additional quarter', 'exchange rates', 'development efforts', 'recent years', 'comparable levels', 'principal items', 'normal levels', 'cash adjustment', 'downward revision', 'business trends', 'Audiprint subsidiaries', 'Financial result', 'Consolidated revenues', 'year increase', '€3.1 million increase', 'same period', 'Visiodent acquisition', 'Total Software', 'higher depreciation', '€5.6 million loss', 'Support Revenue', 'Cegedim Outsourcing', 'amortization expenses', 'Group share', 'H1 2024 revenues', 'June', 'IFRS', '4.6% LFL', 'REBIT', 'Boulogne-Billancourt', 'France', 'euros', 'accounts', 'March', 'appreciation', 'terms', 'line', 'outlook', 'seasonality', 'recurrence', 'improvement', 'percentage', 'amount', 'pages', 'decision', 'doctors', 'UK', 'Scotland', 'fees', 'elements', 'reminder', 'Analysis', 'division', 'millions', 'January']",2024-09-26,2024-09-27,globenewswire.com
45805,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.finanznachrichten.de/nachrichten-2024-09/63384276-aventador-ex-algreen-termination-of-the-liquidity-contract-entered-into-with-tsaf-and-new-ticker-symbol-650.htm,AVENTADOR (ex ALGREEN): Termination of the liquidity contract entered into with TSAF and new ticker symbol,Termination of the liquidity contract entered into with TSAF and new ticker symbol Paris  27.09.2024 at 5:45 pm AVENTADOR (Euronext Growth Paris  Ticker: ALAVE - ISIN: FR001400IV58) holding company,"Termination of the liquidity contract entered into with TSAF and new ticker symbolParis  27.09.2024 at 5:45 pmAVENTADOR (Euronext Growth Paris  Ticker: ALAVE - ISIN: FR001400IV58) holding company listed on Euronext-Growth Paris market  terminated the liquidity contract entrusted on November 25  2021  to the company TSAF - Tradition Securities And Futures  on September 23  2024.The following assets were in the liquidity account on September 23  2024 after the close of trading:0 AVENTADOR shares€21 145.28The following assets were in the liquidity account on June 30  2024  during the semi-annual review of the liquidity contract:306 618 ALGREEN shares€18 832.81It is recalled that  when the contract was implemented on November 25  2021  the following assets were in the liquidity account:€25 000.00Aventador announces the change of its ticker symbol on the Euronext Growth Paris market. The new ticker symbol for Aventador is now ALAVE  replacing the previous symbol ALGRE.This change is part of the company's restructuring efforts  reflecting its commitment to growth and diversification. The change of ticker symbol does not affect the company's business model  management  or its commitment to creating value for its shareholders.Shareholders are informed that all existing shares will continue to be traded under the new ticker symbol ALAVE.About AVENTADORAventador (formerly Algreen) is a holding company specializing in the management  development and financing of profitable companies. With an approach focused on sustainable growth and supporting companies with a clear strategy  Aventador actively supports the development of the companies in its portfolio to increase their value  in particular through various financial  accounting  tax  legal and IT optimization processes.Contact : investors@aventadorholding.comAVENTADOR (Euronext Growth Paris  Ticker: ALAVE  ISIN: FR001400IV58)www.aventadorholding.com------------------------This publication embed ""Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key:mGdvk51ul5mUx29uYZWaaJWYaZtpyGKda2WalGdxk8ibmmqVl2dnaZvKZnFonmtm- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.------------------------© Copyright Actusnews WireReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's freeFull and original release in PDF format:https://www.actusnews.com/documents_communiques/ACTUS-0-87960-20240927_pr_aventador_resiliation_tsaf_en.pdf",neutral,0.0,0.92,0.08,positive,0.7,0.29,0.0,True,English,"['new ticker symbol', 'liquidity contract', 'AVENTADOR', 'Termination', 'TSAF', 'Euronext Growth Paris market', 'Euronext-Growth Paris market', 'IT optimization processes', 'next press releases', 'Copyright Actusnews Wire', 'new ticker symbol', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'sustainable growth', 'previous symbol', 'Tradition Securities', 'following assets', 'liquidity account', 'semi-annual review', 'restructuring efforts', 'business model', 'existing shares', 'clear strategy', 'original release', 'PDF format', 'liquidity contract', '306,618 ALGREEN shares', 'holding company', 'profitable companies', 'AVENTADOR shares', 'Termination', 'TSAF', 'ALAVE', 'ISIN', 'November', 'Futures', 'September', 'close', 'trading', 'June', 'change', 'part', 'commitment', 'diversification', 'management', 'value', 'shareholders', 'development', 'financing', 'approach', 'portfolio', 'legal', 'Contact', 'investors', 'aventadorholding', 'publication', 'mGdvk51ul5mUx29uYZWaaJWYaZtpyGKda2WalGdxk8ibmmqVl2dnaZvKZnFonmtm', 'email', 'Full', 'documents_communiques', '5:45']",2024-09-06,2024-09-27,finanznachrichten.de
45806,EuroNext,Bing API,https://theprint.in/ani-press-releases/signify-onboards-the-cricket-legend-rahul-dravid-as-their-brand-ambassador-a-partnership-steeped-in-legacy-and-innovation/2287416/,Signify Onboards the Cricket Legend Rahul Dravid as their Brand Ambassador  a Partnership Steeped in Legacy and Innovation,Signify  (Euronext: LIGHT) the world leader in lighting  has announced its association with Indian cricket maestro  Rahul Dravid as the brand ambassador for the next two years. This strategic union comes ahead of the festive season ,New Delhi [India]  September 27: Signify   (Euronext: LIGHT) the world leader in lighting  has announced its association with Indian cricket maestro  Rahul Dravid as the brand ambassador for the next two years. This strategic union comes ahead of the festive season  underlining Signify’s commitment to innovation  excellence  tradition  and festivities.Rahul Dravid  adored for his noteworthy cricket career and revered role in Indian sports  epitomizes the essence of Signify’s values – legacy  integrity  innovation  and dedication to providing customers with an unsurpassed lighting experience. This association will usher in a new era for the lighting industry  as it fortifies the brand’s commitment to inspire and celebrate with the consumers in India.Commenting on the association Sumit Joshi  CEO & MD – Signify  Greater India  remarked  “At Signify  we believe in bringing the best of innovations to our customers in line with our #BrighterLivesBetterWorld vision. Taking a step ahead  we are thrilled to have Rahul Dravid join the Signify family as the face of our brand. His enduring appeal and unwavering dedication perfectly mirror Signify’s foundational principles  resulting in a collaboration that exemplifies perseverance  quality  and innovation.”Highlighting Signify’s strategy Nikhil Gupta  Head of Marketing  Strategy  Govt. Affairs & CSR – Signify  Greater India  said  “We are glad to have Rahul Dravid join us who is known for his grit  determination and integrity  personifies those very qualities that Signify stands for and hence he was the perfect choice for us. Our collaboration with Rahul initiates a new chapter in Signify’s journey  where tradition meets innovation. His association with us will amplify our engagement with the Indian consumer and we are geared up to launch some exciting campaigns with him soon.”Rahul Dravid  Former Captain and Coach of the Indian National Cricket Team  reflecting on the partnership  said  “I feel honoured to be a part of the Signify family! The lighting leader Signify is synonymous with leadership  innovation  sustainability and cutting-edge technology. I am thrilled to represent a brand that resonates so deeply with my professional journey and their commitment to pushing boundaries parallels my own pursuit of excellence. I look forward to this partnership and to contributing to the company’s continued success.”Rahul Dravid will be representing Signify brands in India  providing an opportunity to connect with a diverse audience. Known for his dedication  resilience  and perseverance  Rahul Dravid’s image harmonizes seamlessly with the brand ideals  presenting the possibility of facilitating a deeper and broader consumer engagement.Signify (Euronext: LIGHT) is the world leader in lighting for professionals  consumers  and the Internet of Things. Our Philips products  Interact systems and data-enabled services  deliver business value and transform life in homes  buildings and public spaces. In 2023  we had sales of EUR 6.7 billion  approximately 32 000 employees and a presence in over 70 countries. We unlock the extraordinary potential of light for brighter lives and a better world. We have been in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index since our IPO for seven consecutive years and have achieved the EcoVadis Platinum rating for four consecutive years  placing Signify in the top one percent of companies assessed. News from Signify can be found in the Newsroom  on X  LinkedIn and Instagram. Information for investors is located on the Investor Relations page.(ADVERTORIAL DISCLAIMER: The above press release has been provided by NewsVoir. ANI will not be responsible in any way for the content of the same)This story is auto-generated from a syndicated feed. ThePrint holds no responsibility for its content.,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.88,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['Cricket Legend Rahul Dravid', 'Brand Ambassador', 'Partnership', 'Legacy', 'Innovation', 'Dow Jones Sustainability World Index', 'Indian National Cricket Team', 'noteworthy cricket career', 'Indian cricket maestro', 'next two years', 'seven consecutive years', 'EcoVadis Platinum rating', 'four consecutive years', 'top one percent', 'Investor Relations page', 'unsurpassed lighting experience', 'broader consumer engagement', 'Indian consumer', 'Indian sports', 'world leader', 'New Delhi', 'strategic union', 'festive season', 'new era', 'Sumit Joshi', 'enduring appeal', 'foundational principles', 'Nikhil Gupta', 'Govt. Affairs', 'perfect choice', 'new chapter', 'exciting campaigns', 'Former Captain', 'cutting-edge technology', 'diverse audience', 'Philips products', 'Interact systems', 'data-enabled services', 'business value', 'public spaces', 'extraordinary potential', 'brighter lives', 'ADVERTORIAL DISCLAIMER', 'press release', 'Rahul Dravid', 'lighting industry', 'lighting leader', 'professional journey', 'brand ambassador', 'Greater India', 'brand ideals', 'unwavering dedication', 'Signify family', 'Signify brands', 'Euronext', 'association', 'commitment', 'innovation', 'excellence', 'tradition', 'festivities', 'role', 'essence', 'values', 'legacy', 'integrity', 'customers', 'consumers', 'CEO', 'MD', 'best', 'line', 'step', 'face', 'collaboration', 'perseverance', 'quality', 'strategy', 'Head', 'Marketing', 'CSR', 'determination', 'qualities', 'Coach', 'partnership', 'leadership', 'boundaries', 'pursuit', 'company', 'success', 'opportunity', 'resilience', 'image', 'possibility', 'deeper', 'professionals', 'Internet', 'Things', 'life', 'homes', 'buildings', 'sales', '32,000 employees', 'presence', '70 countries', 'IPO', 'companies', 'News', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Information', 'investors', 'above', 'way', 'content', 'story', 'feed', 'ThePrint', 'responsibility']",2024-09-27,2024-09-27,theprint.in
45807,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.markets.com/education-centre/what-is-commodity-cfd-trading-and-how-does-it-work/,What is commodity CFD trading and how does it work?,From oil and gold to natural gas and cotton  these assets keep the world spinning as they are strongly linked to global events as well as certain currencies like the AUD  USD  and CAD.,From oil and gold to natural gas and cotton  these assets keep the world spinning as they are strongly linked to global events as well as certain currencies like the AUD  USD  and CAD.What are the main types of commodities?With markets.com  you can trade different types of commodities on our platforms: energies & metals (also known as hard commodities)  and grains plus other diverse goods (known as soft commodities).You can start your trading journey for CFDs on commodities with energies such as natural gas  crude oil  Brent oil or heating oil. With us  you can trade CFDs on popular metals  such as gold  silver  platinum  palladium  and copper. Apart from the energy and metal contracts  we also offer a batch of soft commodities products  including cocoa  sugar  wheat  corn  and coffee.How does commodity trading work?People engage in commodity trading globally across various exchanges  including CME  ICE  and Euronext. We provide an alternative way to invest in commodities: through Contracts for Difference (CFDs).When trading CFDs on commodities  you don’t need to physically own the assets; instead  you trade based on their price fluctuations.This makes the commodities market significant for CFD traders  as prices can experience dramatic shifts due to sudden changes in supply and demand. However  it's important to approach this volatility with caution  as it can also result in increased losses.Factors Affecting Commodity PricesSeveral factors influence the prices of commodities. Here are the key ones:1. Supply and DemandCommodity prices tend to remain stable when supply and demand are balanced. However  significant fluctuations can occur when the market anticipates supply disruptions—due to production cuts  natural disasters  or major global events—or when demand rises as a result of population growth or economic expansion.2. Price InflationInflation plays a crucial role in determining commodity prices. Rising inflation often leads to higher commodity prices  which can impact consumer price index (CPI) or producer price index (PPI) reports that reflect the overall economic conditions worldwide.3. Currency StrengthThe most commonly traded commodities are closely tied to major forex pairs. For instance  since most commodities are priced in U.S. dollars  monitoring the Dollar Index is essential. Additionally  the Canadian dollar is closely linked to oil prices  given that Canada is a significant exporter of crude oil.How to trade CFDs on Commodities on markets.com?You can open a position of CFDs on Commodities with markets.com through the device of your choice  be it a smartphone  PC  or tablet.It’s really easy:1. Log in to your account or create account2. Go to the Commodities section and choose your favorite instrument3. Set your trade size4. Choose direction (Buy or Sell) based on your assessment of the influencing factors5. Place your tradeWhen considering shares  indices  forex (foreign exchange) and commodities for trading and price predictions  remember that trading CFDs involves a significant degree of risk and could result in capital loss.Past performance is not indicative of any future results. This information is provided for informative purposes only and should not be construed to be investment advice.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.2,0.17,0.63,True,English,"['commodity CFD trading', 'other diverse goods', 'U.S. dollars', 'overall economic conditions', 'consumer price index', 'producer price index', 'major global events', 'major forex pairs', 'higher commodity prices', 'soft commodities products', 'Dollar Index', 'economic expansion', 'price fluctuations', 'price predictions', 'Price Inflation', 'natural gas', 'main types', 'different types', 'various exchanges', 'alternative way', 'CFD traders', 'dramatic shifts', 'sudden changes', 'significant fluctuations', 'production cuts', 'natural disasters', 'population growth', 'crucial role', 'Currency Strength', 'Canadian dollar', 'significant exporter', 'favorite instrument', 'foreign exchange', 'significant degree', 'capital loss', 'Past performance', 'future results', 'informative purposes', 'investment advice', 'commodity trading', 'crude oil', 'Brent oil', 'heating oil', 'trading journey', 'oil prices', 'Several factors', 'Rising inflation', 'influencing factors', 'popular metals', 'metal contracts', 'trade size', 'hard commodities', 'most commodities', 'Commodities section', 'supply disruptions', 'trading CFDs', 'commodities market', 'gold', 'cotton', 'assets', 'world', 'currencies', 'AUD', 'USD', 'CAD', 'markets', 'platforms', 'energies', 'grains', 'silver', 'platinum', 'palladium', 'copper', 'energy', 'batch', 'cocoa', 'sugar', 'wheat', 'corn', 'coffee', 'People', 'CME', 'Euronext', 'Difference', 'demand', 'volatility', 'caution', 'losses', 'key', 'CPI', 'PPI', 'reports', 'instance', 'Canada', 'position', 'device', 'choice', 'smartphone', 'PC', 'tablet', 'account', 'direction', 'Buy', 'Sell', 'assessment', 'shares', 'indices', 'risk', 'information', '3.']",2024-09-27,2024-09-27,markets.com
