UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
36313,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.rt.com/business/592499-euroclear-russian-assets-ukraine/,Euroclear blasts G7 over plan to seize Russian money,The plan of using Russia’s immobilized assets as collateral to raise debt for the reconstruction of Ukraine is risky  says Lieve Mostrey Read Full Article at RT.com,The move could undermine the European financial system  chief executive Lieve Mostrey has claimedA plan by the G7 to use Russia’s frozen assets as a backstop to issue loans for the reconstruction of Ukraine would pose risks to the financial stability of Europe  Lieve Mostrey  CEO of the Brussels-based clearinghouse Euroclear  has warned.In an interview with the Financial Times published on Thursday  Mostrey said that the plan would come “pretty close to an indirect seizing” of the assets and would expose the company to legal claims.The warning comes as the EU and US moved to freeze an estimated $300 billion in assets belonging to the Russian central bank in February 2022. Euroclear holds around €191 billion ($205 billion) of the frozen assets and has accrued nearly €4.4 billion in interest over the past year.According to FT  Mostrey has warned against plan recently proposed to the G7 by Belgium of using the immobilized Russian central bank assets as collateral to raise debt and making Russia repay it at a later date or seizing the assets if Moscow fails to do so. “Using assets that don’t belong to you as collateral is pretty close to an indirect seizing or a commitment to future seizing  which could have exactly the same effects on the markets as a direct seizing ” she claimed  adding that this could also expose the clearinghouse to legal claims over the assets.“We don’t see how the central Russian bank would simply accept that has been seized and that Euroclear’s obligations towards them have stopped to exist ” Mostrey said. “I trust that the prudent  rational will prevail. When we come to a logic of seizing of assets . . . then you see the trust in the Euroclear system  the trust in the European capital markets  the trust in euro as a currency substantially affected.”The US has been the most outspoken advocate of confiscating the frozen funds and sending them to Ukraine. Meanwhile  some EU states  particularly Germany  France and Italy  have been opposing the plan  claiming that sovereign assets have immunity under international law. The European Central Bank has also cautioned that the move could undermine the euro by suggesting that assets stowed in the currency might not be safe. “We have to be very attentive to the attractiveness of the euro and the European capital markets for international investors ” said Mostrey  echoing those concerns.Moscow has called the US and EU sanctions illegal and maintained that any attempt to outright seize its funds would be tantamount to theft and would receive a response. Russian officials have also noted that any such move would further undermine trust in the Western financial system.For more stories on economy & finance visit RT’s business section,negative,0.03,0.34,0.62,mixed,0.07,0.25,0.67,True,English,"['Russian money', 'Euroclear', 'G7', 'plan', 'The European Central Bank', 'chief executive Lieve Mostrey', 'Russian central bank assets', 'central Russian bank', 'European capital markets', 'European financial system', 'Western financial system', 'Russian officials', 'financial stability', 'Financial Times', 'The US', 'indirect seizing', 'legal claims', 'past year', 'later date', 'future seizing', 'same effects', 'prudent, rational', 'outspoken advocate', 'international law', 'international investors', 'business section', 'Euroclear system', 'EU states', 'EU sanctions', 'Brussels-based clearinghouse', 'frozen funds', 'sovereign assets', 'move', 'plan', 'G7', 'backstop', 'loans', 'reconstruction', 'Ukraine', 'risks', 'CEO', 'interview', 'Thursday', 'company', 'warning', 'February', 'interest', 'FT', 'Belgium', 'collateral', 'debt', 'Moscow', 'commitment', 'obligations', 'logic', 'trust', 'currency', 'Germany', 'France', 'Italy', 'immunity', 'attractiveness', 'concerns', 'attempt', 'response', 'stories', 'economy', 'finance', 'RT']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,rt.com
36314,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.naturalnews.com/2024-02-16-seizure-frozen-russian-assets-needs-legal-support.html,IMF says SEIZURE of frozen Russian assets must have sufficient legal support – NaturalNews.com,Gita Gopinath  the first deputy managing director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF)  has stressed that any action that may be taken to gain access to Russia’s frozen deposits must have “sufficient legal support.” In an insightful interview with Foreign…,"IMF says SEIZURE of frozen Russian assets must have sufficient legal supportGita Gopinath  the first deputy managing director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF)  has stressed that any action that may be taken to gain access to Russia's frozen deposits must have "" sufficient legal support .""In an insightful interview with Foreign Policy magazine published on Monday  Gopinath highlighted the complexities surrounding the situation.The United States and the European Union have collectively blocked an estimated $300 billion in assets linked to the Russian central bank since the commencement of the Ukraine conflict in 2022.A substantial portion of these frozen assets  amounting to €196.6 billion ($211.5 billion)  is currently held by the Belgium-based clearinghouse Euroclear. Interestingly  Euroclear accrued nearly €4.4 billion ($4.74 billion) in interest on these funds last year  adding a layer of financial intricacy to the geopolitical landscape.Recent developments indicate that the European Council has taken steps toward the potential seizure of the interest income generated from these frozen assets. (Related: Russia vows to respond in kind if West seizes its frozen assets.)Concurrently  the U.S. State Department has disclosed ongoing discussions with allies and G7 partners on strategies for accessing the Russian assets  underscoring the international dimension of the matter.Gopinath emphasized that the decision on how to handle Russia's frozen assets ultimately lies with the countries holding them and the negotiations taking place among these nations. Additionally  she stated that IMF analysts would rigorously evaluate the repercussions of any decisions made  both on the fund's member countries and the broader global economy  should such actions be implemented.While refraining from passing judgment on the effectiveness of Western sanctions imposed on Russia  Gopinath acknowledged a noteworthy aspect: Russia's ability to export significant quantities of oil despite price constraints  resulting in substantial earnings from exports.$300B Russia assets frozen by the WestFollowing President Vladimir Putin's deployment of troops into Ukraine in 2022  the U.S. and its allies imposed sanctions  prohibiting transactions with Russia's central bank and finance ministry. This move resulted in the blocking of approximately $300 billion of sovereign Russian assets in Western countries.The Financial Times reported that the U.S. has suggested the formation of working groups within the Group of Seven (G7) to explore strategies for seizing these frozen assets.The assets in question  largely comprised of the Russian central bank's gold and foreign exchange reserves  were held in liquid forms such as major currencies  gold and government bonds  with around half of these reserves situated in the West.Central Bank of Russia Governor Elvira Nabiullina faced criticism for allowing a substantial portion of the bank's reserves to be frozen.The frozen Russian assets encompassed the euro  U.S. dollar  British pound  Japanese yen  Canadian dollar  Australian dollar  Singapore dollar and Swiss franc holdings  primarily invested in foreign securities  bank deposits and nostro correspondent accounts.Although the detailed breakdown of the frozen assets was not provided by the Russian central bank  documents from early 2022 revealed the composition of its holdings.The largest bond holdings included sovereign bonds from China  Germany  France  Britain  Austria and Canada. Notably  Russia's gold reserves remained within the country  and investments in yuan were held in China. The assets were not concealed through complex structures  making identification straightforward  as most were frozen at depositaries.Russian officials have staunchly opposed any state confiscation of assets  emphasizing the principles of free markets and the protection of private property.There are warnings that such actions could lead to reciprocal measures  affecting foreign investors' assets in Russia  particularly those held in special ""C"" accounts.Finance Minister Anton Siluanov mentioned significant funds in these accounts  potentially comparable to the $300 billion of Russian reserves frozen in the West. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov asserted that Russia would challenge any confiscation in courts  emphasizing immediate response if faced with such actions.Read more stories like this at RussiaReport.news.Watch this video discussing the Biden administration's plan to steal Russia's frozen assets.This video is from the Pool Pharmacy channel on Brighteon.com.More related stories:Spain's idea to help Ukraine using SEIZED profits from frozen Russian assets deemed unviable.U.S. lawmakers introduce bill that allows government to STEAL Russian assets and give them to Ukraine.U.S.  Europe explore possibility of seizing frozen Russian assets and giving them to Ukraine as American funding dries up.Sources include:RT.comUSNews.comBrighteon.com",neutral,0.44,0.5,0.06,negative,0.02,0.3,0.68,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'sufficient legal support', 'IMF', 'SEIZURE', 'NaturalNews', 'first deputy managing director', 'Finance Minister Anton Siluanov', 'U.S. State Department', 'sufficient legal support', 'The United States', 'broader global economy', 'President Vladimir Putin', 'Governor Elvira Nabiullina', 'Pool Pharmacy channel', 'Foreign Policy magazine', 'The Financial Times', 'Swiss franc holdings', 'nostro correspondent accounts', 'largest bond holdings', 'special ""C"" accounts', 'U.S. lawmakers', ""foreign investors' assets"", 'U.S. dollar', 'foreign exchange reserves', 'International Monetary Fund', 'Russian central bank', 'sovereign Russian assets', 'frozen Russian assets', '$300B Russia assets', 'finance ministry', 'foreign securities', 'financial intricacy', 'international dimension', 'sovereign bonds', 'Russian officials', 'state confiscation', 'Russian reserves', 'bank deposits', 'Canadian dollar', 'Australian dollar', 'Singapore dollar', 'frozen deposits', 'frozen assets', 'insightful interview', 'European Union', 'substantial portion', 'Belgium-based clearinghouse', 'geopolitical landscape', 'Recent developments', 'European Council', 'ongoing discussions', 'G7 partners', 'noteworthy aspect', 'significant quantities', 'price constraints', 'substantial earnings', 'working groups', 'liquid forms', 'major currencies', 'British pound', 'Japanese yen', 'detailed breakdown', 'complex structures', 'free markets', 'private property', 'reciprocal measures', 'Kremlin spokesman', 'Dmitry Peskov', 'immediate response', 'RussiaReport.news', 'Biden administration', 'SEIZED profits', 'American funding', 'member countries', 'Western countries', 'potential seizure', 'interest income', 'Western sanctions', 'government bonds', 'significant funds', 'related stories', 'IMF analysts', 'Gita Gopinath', 'Ukraine conflict', 'gold reserves', 'action', 'access', 'Monday', 'complexities', 'situation', 'commencement', 'Euroclear', 'layer', 'steps', 'kind', 'allies', 'strategies', 'matter', 'decision', 'negotiations', 'place', 'nations', 'repercussions', 'judgment', 'effectiveness', 'ability', 'oil', 'exports', 'deployment', 'troops', 'move', 'blocking', 'formation', 'Seven', 'question', 'half', 'criticism', 'documents', 'early 2022', 'composition', 'China', 'Germany', 'France', 'Britain', 'Austria', 'Canada', 'country', 'investments', 'yuan', 'identification', 'depositaries', 'principles', 'protection', 'warnings', 'courts', 'video', 'plan', 'Brighteon', 'Spain', 'idea', 'bill', 'possibility', 'Sources', 'USNews']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,naturalnews.com
36315,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/16/2830838/0/en/VElcan-Holdings-Change-of-issuer-services-provider-listing-agent.html,VElcan Holdings: Change of issuer services provider / listing agent,PRESS RELEASE  Luxembourg  16th February 2024.  VELCAN HOLDINGS: CHANGE OF ISSUER SERVICES PROVIDER / LISTING AGENT  Velcan Holdings has appointed ABN......,PRESS RELEASELuxembourg  16th February 2024.VELCAN HOLDINGS: CHANGE OF ISSUER SERVICES PROVIDER / LISTING AGENTVelcan Holdings has appointed ABN AMRO  Amsterdam  as its new issuer services provider  in replacement of Uptevia (formerly BNP Paribas Securities)  with effect on 16th February 2024.ABN AMRO will act as listing agent  paying agent  nominative shareholders register agent  beneficiary parts register agent  and Euroclear representative agent.Registered nominative shareholders will also receive a notice directly ABN AMRO informing them with their new ABN AMRO account number and requesting a confirmation of their contact details and personal information.ABN AMRO can be contacted at:corporate.broking@nl.abnamro.comABN AMRO Bank N.V.CMS Corporate Broking (HQ7212)Gustav Mahlerlaan 101082PP AmsterdamThe Netherlands* * *Investor Relations Contact investor@velcan.luAbout Velcan HoldingsVelcan Holdings is an investment holding company founded in 2005  managing a global portfolio of participations and investments.Velcan Holdings is listed on the unregulated Euro MTF Stock Market in Luxembourg (Ticker VLCN/ISIN FR0010245803). Velcan Holdings never performed any Public Offer as understood under Directive 2003/71/CE of the European Parliament and Council.News and reports available at www.velcan.luDisclaimerThis press release contains prospective information about the potential of the projects in progress and/or of the projects of which the development has begun. This information constitutes objectives attached to projects and shall not be construed as direct or indirect net income forecast of the concerned year. Reader’s attention is also drawn on the fact that the performance of these objectives depends on future circumstances and that it could be affected and/or delayed by risks  known or unknown  uncertainties  and various factors of any nature  notably related to economic  commercial or regulatory conjuncture  which occurrence could be likely to have a negative impact on future activity and performances of the Group.This announcement does not constitute a public offering (“offre au public”) nor an invitation to the public or to any qualified investor in connection with any offering. This announcement is not an offer of securities in the United States of America or in any other jurisdiction/country.Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['issuer services provider', 'VElcan Holdings', 'listing agent', 'Change', 'unregulated Euro MTF Stock Market', 'ABN AMRO Bank N.V.', 'new ABN AMRO account number', 'indirect net income forecast', 'new issuer services provider', 'beneficiary parts register agent', 'nominative shareholders register agent', 'Investor Relations Contact investor', 'Registered nominative shareholders', 'investment holding company', 'Euroclear representative agent', 'BNP Paribas Securities', 'CMS Corporate Broking', 'qualified investor', 'contact details', 'LISTING AGENT', 'paying agent', 'PRESS RELEASE', '16th February', 'Gustav Mahlerlaan', 'The Netherlands', 'global portfolio', 'Ticker VLCN/ISIN', 'Directive 2003/71/CE', 'European Parliament', 'concerned year', 'future circumstances', 'various factors', 'economic, commercial', 'regulatory conjuncture', 'negative impact', 'future activity', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction/country', 'VELCAN HOLDINGS', 'personal information', 'prospective information', '1082PP Amsterdam', 'Public Offer', 'offering', 'Luxembourg', 'CHANGE', 'replacement', 'Uptevia', 'effect', 'notice', 'confirmation', 'nl', 'abnamro', 'HQ7212', 'participations', 'investments', 'Council', 'News', 'reports', 'Disclaimer', 'potential', 'projects', 'progress', 'development', 'objectives', 'Reader', 'attention', 'performance', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'nature', 'occurrence', 'Group', 'announcement', 'invitation', 'connection', 'America', 'Attachment']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,globenewswire.com
36316,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VELCAN-HOLDINGS-120976238/news/VElcan-Holdings-Change-of-issuer-services-provider-listing-agent-45973165/,VElcan Holdings: Change of issuer services provider / listing agent -February 16  2024 at 10:16 am EST,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE Luxembourg  16th February 2024. VELCAN HOLDINGS: CHANGE OF ISSUER SERVICES PROVIDER / LISTING AGENT Velcan Holdings has appointed ABN AMRO  Amsterdam  as its new issuer services provider  in replacement of Uptevia   with eff…,PRESS RELEASELuxembourg  16th February 2024.VELCAN HOLDINGS: CHANGE OF ISSUER SERVICES PROVIDER / LISTING AGENTVelcan Holdings has appointed ABN AMRO  Amsterdam  as its new issuer services provider  in replacement of Uptevia (formerly BNP Paribas Securities)  with effect on 16th February 2024.ABN AMRO will act as listing agent  paying agent  nominative shareholders register agent  beneficiary parts register agent  and Euroclear representative agent.Registered nominative shareholders will also receive a notice directly ABN AMRO informing them with their new ABN AMRO account number and requesting a confirmation of their contact details and personal information.ABN AMRO can be contacted at:corporate.broking@nl.abnamro.comABN AMRO Bank N.V.CMS Corporate Broking (HQ7212)Gustav Mahlerlaan 101082PP AmsterdamThe Netherlands* * *Investor Relations Contact investor@velcan.luAbout Velcan HoldingsVelcan Holdings is an investment holding company founded in 2005  managing a global portfolio of participations and investments.Velcan Holdings is listed on the unregulated Euro MTF Stock Market in Luxembourg (Ticker VLCN/ISIN FR0010245803). Velcan Holdings never performed any Public Offer as understood under Directive 2003/71/CE of the European Parliament and Council.News and reports available at www.velcan.luDisclaimerThis press release contains prospective information about the potential of the projects in progress and/or of the projects of which the development has begun. This information constitutes objectives attached to projects and shall not be construed as direct or indirect net income forecast of the concerned year. Reader’s attention is also drawn on the fact that the performance of these objectives depends on future circumstances and that it could be affected and/or delayed by risks  known or unknown  uncertainties  and various factors of any nature  notably related to economic  commercial or regulatory conjuncture  which occurrence could be likely to have a negative impact on future activity and performances of the Group.This announcement does not constitute a public offering (“offre au public”) nor an invitation to the public or to any qualified investor in connection with any offering. This announcement is not an offer of securities in the United States of America or in any other jurisdiction/country.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.37,0.62,True,English,"['issuer services provider', 'VElcan Holdings', 'listing agent', 'Change', 'February', '10:16', 'unregulated Euro MTF Stock Market', 'ABN AMRO Bank N.V.', 'new ABN AMRO account number', 'indirect net income forecast', 'new issuer services provider', 'beneficiary parts register agent', 'nominative shareholders register agent', 'Investor Relations Contact investor', 'Registered nominative shareholders', 'investment holding company', 'Euroclear representative agent', 'BNP Paribas Securities', 'CMS Corporate Broking', 'qualified investor', 'contact details', 'LISTING AGENT', 'paying agent', 'PRESS RELEASE', '16th February', 'Gustav Mahlerlaan', 'The Netherlands', 'global portfolio', 'Ticker VLCN/ISIN', 'Directive 2003/71/CE', 'European Parliament', 'concerned year', 'future circumstances', 'various factors', 'economic, commercial', 'regulatory conjuncture', 'negative impact', 'future activity', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction/country', 'VELCAN HOLDINGS', 'personal information', 'prospective information', '1082PP Amsterdam', 'Public Offer', 'offering', 'Luxembourg', 'CHANGE', 'replacement', 'Uptevia', 'effect', 'notice', 'confirmation', 'nl', 'abnamro', 'HQ7212', 'participations', 'investments', 'Council', 'News', 'reports', 'Disclaimer', 'potential', 'projects', 'progress', 'development', 'objectives', 'Reader', 'attention', 'performance', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'nature', 'occurrence', 'Group', 'announcement', 'invitation', 'connection', 'America', 'Attachment']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,marketscreener.com
36317,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.investorsobserver.com/news/qm-pr/8419636904103120,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of AB Electrolux,Notice convening the Annual General Meeting of AB Electrolux           PR Newswire             STOCKHOLM           Feb. 16  2024     /PRNewswire/&#xA0;--   The shareholders of AB&#xA0;Electrolux  reg. no. 556009-4178 (the Company)  are hereby given not...,"STOCKHOLM   Feb. 16  2024 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of AB Electrolux  reg. no. 556009-4178 (the Company)  are hereby given notice of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday  March 27  2024   at 4.00 p.m. (CET) at Nalen  Regeringsgatan 74 in Stockholm  Sweden . Admission and registration will commence at 3.15 p.m. (CET) .The Board of Directors has decided that the shareholders shall have the possibility to exercise their voting rights by postal voting before the Annual General Meeting  as instructed below.The Annual General Meeting will be webcasted live via Electrolux Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2024 .The Annual General Meeting will be conducted in Swedish and simultaneously translated into English.Registration and notificationParticipation at the meeting venueShareholders who wish to participate at the meeting venue  in person or by proxy  mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  March 19  2024 ; and; and give notice of its participation no later than Thursday  March 21  2024oby telephone +46 8 402 92 79 on weekdays between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. (CET)  oby post to AB Electrolux  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden   orovia Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/ .The notification shall include the shareholder's name  personal or corporate identification number  address and telephone number  and any assistants (two at most).If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written and dated proxy signed by the shareholder shall be issued for the representative. A representative for a shareholder that is a legal entity shall provide a registration certificate or other supporting document that shows the authorized signatory of the shareholder. In order to facilitate registration at the Annual General Meeting  the proxy and/or registration certificate or other supporting documents should be sent to the Company to the address above well in advance of the Annual General Meeting.Proxy forms are available on Electrolux Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2024 and are also provided by the Company upon request.Postal votingShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting by postal voting mustbe listed as a shareholder in the presentation of the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB concerning the circumstances on Tuesday  March 19  2024 ; and; and give notice of its participation by casting its postal vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the postal vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB on behalf of the Company no later than on Thursday  March 21  2024 .Shareholders who wish to attend the meeting venue in person or by proxy  must give notice in accordance with the instructions listed under 'Participation at the meeting venue' above. Hence  a notification of participation only through postal voting is not sufficient for shareholders who also wish to attend the meeting venue.A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form for postal voting is available at Electrolux Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2024 and is also provided by the Company upon request.The completed and signed form for postal voting shall be either sent by post to AB Electrolux  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden   or by e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com . Shareholders may also cast their postal vote electronically through verification with BankID via Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/ .If the shareholder submits its postal vote by proxy  a written and dated proxy signed by the shareholder must be enclosed to the form for postal voting. A representative for a shareholder that is a legal entity must enclose  to the form for postal voting  a registration certificate or other supporting document which shows the authorized signatory of the shareholder. Proxy forms are available on Electrolux Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2024 and are also provided by the Company upon request.The shareholder may not provide specific instructions or conditions to the postal vote. If so  the vote (i.e.  the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting and at Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://anmalan.vpc.se/EuroclearProxy/ .Shares registered in the name of a nomineeIn order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  by attending the meeting venue or by postal voting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting in accordance with the instructions above  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of the record date on Tuesday  March 19  2024 . Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and is requested to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than Thursday  March 21  2024   will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.AgendaElection of Chairman of the Annual General Meeting. Preparation and approval of voting list. Approval of agenda. Election of two minutes-checkers. Determination as to whether the Annual General Meeting has been properly convened. Presentation of the Annual Report and the Audit Report as well as the Consolidated Accounts and the Group Audit Report . Presentation by the President and CEO. Resolution on adoption of the Income Statement and the Balance Sheet as well as the Consolidated Income Statement and the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Resolution on discharge from liability of the Directors and the President and CEO for 2023. Resolution on dispositions in respect of the Company's profit or loss pursuant to the adopted Balance Sheet. Determination of the number of Directors and Deputies. Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and the Auditor. Election of Board of Directors and Chairman of the Board.a. Petra Hedengran (re-election)b. Ulla Litzén (re-election)c. Karin Overbeck (re-election)d. David Porter (re-election)e. Jonas Samuelson (re-election)f. Torbjörn Lööf (new election)g. Geert Follens (new election)h. Daniel Nodhäll (new election)i. Michael Rauterkus (new election)j. Torbjörn Lööf as Chairman of the Board (new election)14. Election of Auditor (re-election).15. Resolution on instruction for the Nomination Committee.16. Resolution on approval of the Remuneration Report.17. Resolution on Remuneration Guidelines for senior executives.18. Resolutions ona. transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions; andb. transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2022.19. Resolutions ona. implementation of a performance based long-term share program for 2024; andb. transfer of own shares to the participants in the long-term share program for 2024.20. Closing of the Annual General Meeting.Proposals for decisionItem 1 – Election of Chairman of the Annual General MeetingAB Electrolux Nomination Committee  consisting of the Chairman Johan Forssell (Investor AB) and the members Marianne Nilsson (Swedbank Robur Fonder)  Carina Silberg (Alecta)  Anders Hansson (AMF Tjänstepension och Fonder)  Staffan Bohman and Fredrik Persson (Chairman and Director  respectively  of the Board of Directors of AB Electrolux)  proposesEva Hägg  member of the Swedish Bar Association  as Chairman of the Annual General Meeting (or  if she is prevented from attending  the person proposed by the Nomination Committee).Item 10 - Resolution on dispositions in respect of the Company's profit or loss pursuant to the adopted Balance SheetThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend shall be distributed for the fiscal year 2023 and that available funds will be carried forward in the new accounts.Item 11 - Determination of the number of Directors and DeputiesThe Nomination Committee proposes that the number of Directors of the Company elected by the Annual General Meeting shall be nine and that no Deputies shall be appointed.Item 12 - Determination of fees to the Board of Directors and the AuditorThe Nomination Committee proposes fees to Directors of the Board not employed by Electrolux Group as follows.SEK 2 560 000 to the Chairman of the Board and SEK 745 000 to each of the other Directors of the Board elected by the Annual General Meeting; andto the Chairman of the Board and to each of the other Directors of the Board elected by the Annual General Meeting; and for committee work  to the members who are appointed by the Board of Directors:SEK 380 000 to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 240 000 to each of the other members of the Audit Committee  SEK 205 000 to the Chairman of the People Committee and SEK 140 000 to each of the other members of the People Committee  and SEK 350 000 to the Chairman of the Strategic Planning Committee and SEK 200 000 to each of the other members of the Strategic Planning Committee.The Nomination Committee further proposes that the Auditor's fee be paid as incurred  for the Auditor's term of office  on approved account.Item 13 - Election of Board of Directors and Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes that the following persons are elected to the Board of Directors until the close of the Annual General Meeting 2025.Re-election of Directors Petra Hedengran   Ulla Litzén  Karin Overbeck   David Porter   and Jonas Samuelson ;  Ulla Litzén      and ; Election of Torbjörn Lööf  Geert Follens   Daniel Nodhäll and Michael Rauterkus as new Directors of the Board; and  Daniel Nodhäll and as new Directors of the Board; and Election of Torbjörn Lööf as Chairman of the Board of Directors.Staffan Bohman   Fredrik Persson and Henrik Henriksson have announced that they are not available for re-election.A presentation of the proposed Directors of the Board is available on Electrolux Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2024 .Item 14 – Election of Auditor (re-election)The Nomination Committee proposes  in accordance with the recommendation by the Audit Committee  re-election of the audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB as the Company's auditor for the period until the end of the 2025 Annual General Meeting.Item 15 – Resolution on instruction for the Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopt a new instruction for the Nomination Committee in the Company to apply until a new instruction is adopted. The proposal entails that the number of representatives from the Company's Board of Directors in the Nomination Committee is changed from two to only the Chairman of the Board. In connection with this change  editorial and linguistic simplifications of the instruction are proposed  which are not assessed to lead to any significant changes in the work of the Nomination Committee.The instruction for the Nomination Committee is proposed to have the following wording:The Company shall have a Nomination Committee consisting of five members. The Nomination Committee shall consist of one member appointed by each of the four largest shareholders  in terms of the number of votes held  who wish to appoint a member  and the Chairman of the Company's Board of Directors. Unless the members agree otherwise  the Chairman of the Nomination Committee shall be the member appointed by the largest shareholder in terms of the number of votes held. The Nomination Committee shall be constituted based on shareholding as of the last banking day in August according to reliable ownership information provided to the Company. The composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced as soon as it is appointed. The term of office for the Nomination Committee shall be for the period until the next Nomination Committee is appointed. Members appointed by shareholders that during the term of office for the Nomination Committee no longer is among the Company's four largest shareholders  in terms of the number of votes held  shall make their seats available to shareholders who  based on reliable ownership information  shall have the right to appoint a member and informs the Company that they wish to appoint a member of the Nomination Committee. Unless there are special circumstances  no changes shall be made in the composition of the Nomination Committee if there are (i) only marginal changes in the number of votes held or (ii) if the change occurs later than three months before the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder that has become one of the four largest shareholders later than three months before the Annual General Meeting on account of a more significant change in the number of votes held  shall however be entitled to appoint a member who shall be invited to the Nomination Committee as a co-opted member. A shareholder who has appointed a member of the Nomination Committee has the right to dismiss such member and appoint a new member of the Nomination Committee. Changes in the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced as soon as they have occurred. The Nomination Committee shall perform its assignment in accordance with the Swedish Code for Corporate Governance. If needed  the Company shall provide a secretary function to the Nomination Committee and reimburse such reasonable costs that the Nomination Committee deems necessary to be able to fulfil its assignment.Item 17 – Resolution on Remuneration Guidelines for senior executivesThe Board of Directors proposes that the following guidelines for remuneration shall be approved by the Annual General Meeting of the Company.The guidelines set forth herein shall apply to remuneration and other terms of employment for the President and CEO  Deputy CEO  and other members of group management (together ""Group Management"") and  if applicable  remuneration to board members for work in addition to the board assignment. Group Management currently comprises ten executives.The principles shall be applied to employment and consultancy agreements entered into after the 2024 Annual General Meeting  and to changes made to existing agreements thereafter. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the General Meeting. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the General Meeting.Remuneration for the President and CEO and  if applicable  members of the Board of Directors is resolved by the Board of Directors of the Company  based on the recommendation of the remuneration committee (the ""People Committee""). Remuneration for other members of Group Management is resolved upon by the People Committee and is reported to the Board of Directors. People Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for Group Management  the application of these guidelines as well as the remuneration structures and compensation levels in Electrolux Group. The Board of Directors shall  based on the recommendation from the People Committee  prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the Annual General Meeting. The President and CEO  Deputy CEO and other members of Group Management do not participate in the Board of Directors' processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Note 27 of the Annual Report includes a detailed description of existing remuneration arrangements for Group Management  including fixed and variable compensation  long-term incentive programs and other benefits.The Company has a clear strategy to deliver profitable growth and create shareholder value.A prerequisite for the successful implementation of the Company's business strategy and safeguarding of its long-term interests  including its sustainability  is that the Company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. To this end  it is necessary that the Company offers competitive remuneration in relation to the country or region of employment of each Group Management member. These guidelines enable the Company to offer Group Management a competitive total remuneration. More information on the Company's strategy can be found on Electrolux Group's website and in the most recent annual report  www.electroluxgroup.com/en/ .The remuneration terms shall emphasize 'pay for performance' and vary with the performance of the individual and Electrolux Group. The total remuneration for Group Management shall be in line with market practice and may comprise the following components: fixed compensation  variable compensation  pension benefits and other benefits. Employment contracts governed by rules other than Swedish may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.Fixed compensationThe Annual Base Salary (""ABS"") shall be competitive relative to the relevant market and reflect the scope of the job responsibilities. Salary levels shall be reviewed periodically (usually annually) to ensure continued competitiveness and to recognize individual performance.Variable compensationVariable compensation consists of both short-term and long-term incentives. Long-term incentives consist of long-term share-related incentive programs (""LTI programs""). Such programs are resolved upon by the General Meeting and are therefore excluded from these guidelines. Each year  the Board of Directors evaluate whether an LTI program shall be proposed to the Annual General Meeting. LTI programs shall be distinctly linked to the business strategy and shall always be designed with the aim to further enhance the common interest of participating employees and the Company's shareholders of a good long-term development for Electrolux Group. For more information regarding the LTI programs  including the criteria which the outcome depends on  please see the corporate governance section on Electrolux Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com .Following the 'pay for performance' principle  variable compensation shall represent a significant portion of the total compensation opportunity for Group Management. Variable compensation shall always be measured against pre-defined targets and have a maximum above which no payout shall be made. Variable compensation shall mainly relate to financial performance targets. Non-financial targets may also be used in order to strengthen the focus on delivering on the Company's business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability. The targets shall be specific  clear  measurable and time bound and be determined by the Board of Directors.Short Term Incentive (""STI"")Members of Group Management shall participate in an STI plan under which they may receive variable compensation. The objectives in the STI plan shall mainly be financial and the measurement period shall be one year. The objectives shall mainly be set based on financial performance of Electrolux Group and  for the business area and product line heads  of the business area or the product line for which the Group Management member is responsible  such as profit  financial efficiency  and sales. Financial objectives will comprise at least 80 per cent of the weighting. Non-financial objectives may be related to sustainability  customer satisfaction  quality  or company culture.To which extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied shall be determined by the People Committee when the measurement period has ended. For financial objectives  the evaluation shall be based on the annual financial performance in accordance with the most recent interim report for the fourth quarter made public by the Company.The maximum STI entitlements shall be dependent on job position and may amount to a maximum of 100 per cent of the ABS. Reflecting current market conditions  the STI entitlement for Group Management members employed in the U.S. may amount to a maximum of 150 per cent of ABS.Extraordinary arrangementsAdditional variable compensation may be approved in extraordinary circumstances under the conditions that such extraordinary arrangement is made for recruitment or retention purposes  is agreed on an individual basis  does not exceed 300 per cent of the ABS and is earned and/or paid out in instalments over a minimum period of 24 months. Such additional variable remuneration may also be paid on an individual level for extraordinary performance beyond the individual's ordinary tasks and shall in these situations not exceed 30 per cent of the ABS and be paid in one installment.Right to reclaim variable remunerationTerms and conditions for variable remuneration should be designed to enable the Board of Directors  under exceptional financial circumstances  to limit or cancel payments of variable remuneration provided that such actions are deemed reasonable (malus). The Board shall also have the possibility  under applicable law or contractual provisions and subject to the restrictions that may apply under law or contract  to in whole or in part reclaim variable remuneration paid on incorrect grounds (claw-back).Pension and benefitsOld age and survivor's pension  disability benefits and healthcare benefits shall be designed to reflect home country practices and requirements. When possible  pension plans shall be based on defined contribution. In individual cases  depending on provisions in collective agreements  tax and/or social security legislation to which the individual is subject  other schemes and mechanisms for pension benefits may be approved. Defined pension contributions shall not exceed 40 per cent of the ABS unless the entitlement is higher under applicable collective agreements.Other benefits  such as company cars and housing  may be provided on an individual level or to the entire Group Management. Costs relating to such benefits may not amount to more than 20 per cent of the ABS. Members of Group Management who are expatriates  may receive additional remuneration and other benefits to the extent reasonable in light of the special circumstances associated with the expatriate arrangement. Such benefits shall be determined in line with Electrolux Group's Directive on International Assignments and may for example include relocation costs  housing  tuition fees  home travel  tax support and tax equalization.Notice of termination and severance payThe notice period shall be twelve months if the employer takes the initiative to terminate the employment and six months if the Group Management member takes the initiative to terminate the employment.In individual cases  contractual severance pay may be approved in addition to the notice periods. Contractual severance pay may only be payable upon the employer's termination of the employment arrangement or where a Group Management member gives notice as the result of an important change in the working situation  because of which he or she can no longer perform to standard. This may be the case in e.g.  the event of a substantial change in ownership structure of Electrolux Group in combination with a change in reporting line and/or job scope.Contractual severance pay may for the individual include the continuation of the ABS for a period of up to twelve months following termination of the employment agreement; no other benefits shall be included. These payments shall be reduced with the equivalent value of any income that the individual earns during that period of up to twelve months from other sources of income  either from employment or from other business activities.In addition  compensation for any non-compete undertaking may be awarded. Such compensation shall be based on the ABS at the time of notice of termination of the employment  unless otherwise stipulated by mandatory collective agreement provisions  and be awarded over the period for which the non-compete clause applies  which should not exceed twelve months after termination of the employment. The compensation shall be reduced by an amount corresponding to any income that the person receives from other sources of income  either from employment or from other business activities.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn preparation of the Board of Directors' proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of Electrolux Group have been taken into account  by including information on the employees' total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the People Committee's and the Board of Directors' basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.Consultancy feesIf a member of the Board of Directors (including through a wholly-owned subsidiary) should carry out services to Electrolux Group in addition to the board assignment  specific fees for this can be paid out (consultancy fees)  provided that such services contribute to the implementation of the Company's business strategy and the safeguarding of the Company's long-term interests  including its sustainability. Such consultancy fee may for each member of the Board of Directors not to exceed the annual remuneration for the board assignment. The fee shall be in line with market practice.Deviations from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to deviate from the guidelines  in whole or in part  if in a specific case there is special cause for the deviation and a deviation is necessary to serve the Company's long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure the Company's financial viability. People Committee's tasks include preparing the Board of Director's resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to deviate from the guidelines.Material changes to the guidelines adopted by the Annual General Meeting 2020The proposal to the 2024 Annual General Meeting for resolution on guidelines for remuneration corresponds  in all material aspects  with the guidelines adopted by the 2020 Annual General Meeting.Item 18 – Resolutions on a) transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitions; and b) transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2022The Company has previously  on the basis of authorizations by the Annual General Meeting  acquired own shares for the purpose of using these shares to finance potential company acquisitions  as a hedge for the Company's share related incentive programs as well as to adapt the Company's capital structure. The Board of Directors considers it to be of continued advantage for the Company to be able to use repurchased shares on account of potential company acquisitions and the Company's share related incentive programs  and the Board of Directors therefore proposes the authorization to be renewed for the period until the following Annual General Meeting.In view of the above  the Board of Directors proposes as follows.Transfer of own shares on account of company acquisitionsThe Board of Directors proposes the Annual General Meeting to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting  on one or several occasions  to resolve on transfers of the Company's own shares of series B in connection with or as a consequence of company acquisitions as follows.1. Own shares of series B held by the Company at the time of the Board of Directors' decision on the transfer may be transferred.2. Transfer of shares may take place outside Nasdaq Stockholm as set out in Chapter 19  Sections 35-37 of the Swedish Companies Act.3. The shares may be transferred with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights. The reason for the deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights shall be that transfer of own shares enables alternative forms of payment for company acquisitions which according to the Board of Directors is beneficial for the Company and contributes to increased shareholder value.4. Transfer of shares shall be made at a minimum price per share corresponding to an amount in close connection with the price of the Company's share on Nasdaq Stockholm at the time of the decision on the transfer.5. Payment for transferred shares may be made in cash  by contributions in kind or by a set-off of Company debt.Transfer of own shares on account of the share program for 2022The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the Company shall be entitled  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting  on one or several occasions  to transfer a maximum of 555 000 own shares of series B in the Company for the purpose of covering costs related to social security charges  that may arise as a result of the Company's obligations under the previously adopted share program 2022. Such transfers shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm at a price within the prevailing price interval for the Company's shares at Nasdaq Stockholm from time to time.Majority requirementValid resolutions in accordance with the Board of Directors' proposals a) and b) above require that shareholders holding no less than two thirds of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting are in favor of the proposals.Item 19 – Resolutions on a) implementation of a performance based long-term share program for 2024; and b) transfer of own shares to the participants in the long-term share program for 2024.BackgroundThe Board of Directors in the Company has decided to propose a performance based long-term incentive program for 2024 (the ""Share Program 2024""). The proposed Share Program 2024 is in all material aspects unchanged compared with the share program for 2023  with the exception that the number of participants is reduced to 800 to reflect the current total headcount of Electrolux Group. The Board of Directors is convinced that the proposed program will be beneficial to the Company's shareholders as it will contribute to the possibilities to recruit and retain competent employees in Electrolux Group  is expected to increase the commitment and the motivation of the program participants and will strengthen the participants' ties to the Company and its shareholders.Proposals of the Board of DirectorsIn view of the above  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to a) implement Share Program 2024  and b) transfer own shares free of consideration to the participants in Share Program 2024  as follows.Implementation of Share Program 2024The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to implement Share Program 2024 with the following principal terms and conditions:1. The program is proposed to include up to 800 senior managers and key employees of Electrolux Group  who are divided into seven participant groups; the President and CEO (""Group 1"")  other members of Group Management (""Group 2"")  and five additional groups for other senior managers and key employees (""Group 3-7""). Invitation to participate in the program shall be provided by the Company no later than on May 17  2024 .2. Participants are offered to be allocated shares of series B in the Company (""Performance Shares"")  provided that the participant remains employed until January 1  2027 . Exemptions to this requirement may be prescribed in specific cases  including a participant's death  disability  retirement or the divestiture through a sale  spin-off or otherwise of the participant's employing company from Electrolux Group.3. The Performance Shares shall be based on maximum performance values for each participant group. The maximum performance value for the participants in Group 1 will be 100 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2024  for participants in Group 2  90 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2024  for participants in Group 3  80 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2024  for participants in Group 4  60 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2024  for participants in Group 5  50 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2024  for participants in Group 6  40 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2024  and for participants in Group 7  20 per cent of the participant's annual base salary for 2024. The total sum of the maximum values of the Performance Shares defined for all participants will not exceed SEK 568m excluding social costs.4. Each maximum performance value shall thereafter be converted into a maximum number of Performance Shares [1]  based on the average closing price paid for the Company's share of series B on Nasdaq Stockholm during a period of ten trading days before the day the participants are invited to participate in the Share Program 2024  reduced by the present value of estimated dividend payments for the period until shares are allotted.5. The calculation of the number of Performance Shares shall be connected to performance targets for Electrolux Group  for the performance period  established by the Board of Directors for (i) cumulative earnings per share [2] and (ii) CO 2 reduction [3]. The performance targets adopted by the Board of Directors will stipulate a minimum level and a maximum level  with the relative weight of the performance targets (i) and (ii) being 80 per cent and 20 per cent  respectively. For the participants in Group 1 and 2 (Group Management)  the granted Performance Shares based on (i) and (ii) will be multiplied by 0.75-1.25 depending on the outcome of a relative total shareholder return target [4]. The performance period is the financial years 2024-2026 with respect to each of the performance targets.6. Performance outcome of the established performance targets will be determined by the Board of Directors after the expiry of the three-year performance period in 2027. If the maximum performance level is reached or exceeded  the allocation will amount to (and will not exceed) the maximum number of Performance Shares following from 3 and 4 above. If performance is below the maximum level but exceeds the minimum level  a proportionate allocation of Performance Shares will be made. No allocation will be made if performance amounts to or is below the minimum level. Information on the performance targets and the outcome will be provided no later than in connection with the allocation of Performance Shares in accordance with 7 below.7. If all conditions in the Share Program 2024 are met  allocation of Performance Shares will take place in the first half of 2027. Allocation will be free of consideration except for tax liabilities.8. Certain deviations in or adjustments of the terms and conditions for the Share Program 2024 may be made based on local rules and regulations as well as applicable market practice or market conditions or where appropriate due to group re-organizations  including cash settlement instead of delivery of shares under certain circumstances.9. The Board of Directors  or a committee established by the Board for these purposes  shall be responsible for the preparation and management of the Share Program 2024  within the framework of the aforementioned terms and conditions.10. If material changes would occur within Electrolux Group or on the market that  according to the Board of Directors' assessment  would lead to the conditions for allocation of Performance Shares no longer being reasonable  the Board of Directors shall also have the right to make other adjustments of the Share Program 2024  including e.g. a right to resolve on a reduced allotment of Performance Shares.Costs for the Share Program 2024The total costs for the Share Program 2024  if the maximum number of Performance Shares are delivered  are estimated to a maximum of SEK 662m   which corresponds to approximately 2.72 per cent of the Group's total employment cost for 2023. The costs will be recognized over the years 2024-2026  in accordance with IFRS 2. The costs have been calculated as the sum of salary costs  including social costs  and administration costs for the program. Administration costs are estimated to be less than SEK 1m . If no allotment of shares is made  only administration costs will arise.The costs have been calculated based on the value  at the start of the program  of the Performance Shares that may be allotted at maximum performance through transfer of own shares  with a reduction of the present value of estimated dividend payments during a three-year period. The estimate on maximum costs assumes maximum performance and that the number of participants that will leave Electrolux Group during the performance period is the same as the historical average since the introduction of share programs in 2004. In the calculation  a maximum share price of SEK 193 per share has been applied.Hedging measures for the Share Program 2024In order to implement the Share Program 2024 in a cost-effective and flexible manner  the Board of Directors has considered various methods for transfer of shares to the participants. The Board of Directors has found that the most cost-effective alternative is transfer of own shares and proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on transfer of own shares in accordance with b) below.Should the majority required under b) below not be reached  the Company intends to enter into an equity swap agreement with a third party to secure the Company's financial exposure.Number of shares  effects on key figures  etc.The maximum number of Performance Shares that could be allotted to the participants under the Share Program 2024 shall be limited to 6 108 000  which corresponds to approximately 2.16 per cent of the total number of shares and 1.71 per cent of the votes in the Company [5]. The Share Program 2024 does not result in any dilutive effect on share capital or votes. If repurchased own shares are allocated under the Share Program 2024  the number of outstanding shares in the Company will increase with not more than 6 108 000 shares of series B  which corresponds to a maximum dilutive effect on earnings per share of approximately 2.21 per cent [6]. The dilutive effect on earnings per share is independent of the share price as Performance Shares are delivered free of consideration.The total maximum increase in the number of outstanding shares of all outstanding share programs in the Company is estimated to be not more than 12 714 000 shares of series B  delivered free of consideration  corresponding to a dilutive effect on earnings per share of approximately 4.50 per cent [7]. In this calculation  maximum allotment of shares has been assumed for the share programs 2024  2023 and 2022.Resolution on transfers of own shares to the participants in Share Program 2024In order to secure the delivery of Performance Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Share Program 2024  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves that the Company shall transfer a maximum of 6 108 000 shares of series B in the Company on the following terms and conditions:1. The right to receive shares shall be granted to participants within Electrolux Group covered by the terms and conditions pursuant to the Share Program 2024. Furthermore  subsidiaries within Electrolux Group shall have the right to acquire shares  free of consideration  and such subsidiaries shall be obligated to immediately transfer  free of consideration  shares to participants covered by the terms and conditions of the Share Program 2024.2. The participant shall have the right to receive shares during the period when the participant is entitled to receive shares pursuant to the terms and conditions of Share Program 2024.3. Participants covered by the terms and conditions of Share Program 2024 shall receive shares of series B in the Company free of consideration.4. The number of shares of series B in the Company that may be transferred under Share Program 2024 will be subject to recalculation as a result of intervening bonus issues  splits  rights issues and/or other similar corporate events.Majority requirementsThe resolution of the Annual General Meeting to implement the Share Program 2024 according to a) above requires that more than half of the votes cast at the Annual General Meeting are in favor of the proposal. The Annual General Meeting's resolution on transfer of own shares according to b) above requires that shareholders representing at least nine-tenths of the votes cast as well as the shares represented at the Annual General Meeting are in favor of the proposal.Preparation of the proposal for the Share Program 2024The proposal for the Share Program 2024 has been prepared by the People Committee and the Board of Directors.Other share related incentive programsFor a description of the Company's outstanding share related incentive programs  reference is made to the Annual Report for 2023  note 27  and the corporate governance section on Electrolux Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/en/ . In addition to the programs described  no other share related incentive programs have been implemented.Shares and votesAs of the day of announcement of this notice  there are in total 283 077 393 shares in AB Electrolux of which 8 191 804 are series A shares  each carrying one vote  and 274 885 589 are series B shares  each carrying one-tenth of a vote  corresponding to in total 35 680 362.9 votes. As of the same date the Company holds 13 049 115 own shares of series B  corresponding to 1 304 911.5 votes that may not be represented at the Annual General Meeting.Shareholders' right to receive informationThe Board of Directors and the President and CEO shall at the Annual General Meeting  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors considers that it can be done without material harm to the Company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda and circumstances that may affect the assessment of the Company's or its subsidiaries' financial situation and the Company's relation to other group companies. Shareholders wishing to submit questions in advance may send them to AB Electrolux  Attn: Office of the General Counsel  SE-105 45 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail at agm@electrolux.com .DocumentsThe complete proposals from the Board of Director and the Nomination Committee are set out above. Proxy forms  postal voting form  a presentation of about the persons proposed as Directors of the Board  and the Nomination Committee's explanatory statement etc.  can be found on Electrolux Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2024 . The Annual Report  the Auditor's Report  the Auditor's statement pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 54 of the Swedish Companies Act regarding the Remuneration Guidelines  and the Remuneration Report pursuant to Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act  will be available no later than Wednesday  March 6  2024 at AB Electrolux  S:t Göransgatan 143  SE 105 45 Stockholm  Sweden and on Electrolux Group's website  www.electroluxgroup.com/agm2024 . The documents will also be sent to shareholders who so specifically request and state their address.For information on how your personal data is processed  seehttps://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf .______________Stockholm   February 2024AB Electrolux (publ)The Board of Directors1. With a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events in accordance customary practice for corresponding incentive programs.2. Earnings per share as defined in the financial statements on a cumulative basis during the entire performance period (with a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events).3. The CO 2 reduction target refers to greenhouse gas reductions within the following three areas: (i) operations  (ii) transportation and (iii) energy from product use  with the relative weight of the performance targets (i) and (ii) being 25 per cent respectively and (iii) 50 per cent and will be measured on selected predefined product categories and regions.4. The relative total shareholder return target refers to the Company's total shareholder return (""TSR"") (share price appreciation added by sum of all dividends received during the performance period) performance versus the FTSE EMEA Consumer Discretionary index during 2024-2026. If the Company's TSR is at or below the lower quartile of the index  a multiplier of 0.75 will apply. If TSR is at or above the upper quartile  a multiplier of 1.25 will apply. If TSR is below the upper quartile but exceeds the lower quartile a proportionate multiplier between 0.75 and 1.25 will apply. The Board of Directors will have the possibility to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as a change of the composition of the index during the performance period.5. With a possibility for the Board of Directors to make adjustments for extraordinary events such as bonus issue  split  rights issue and/or other similar events in accordance with customary practice for corresponding incentive programs.6. Outstanding shares defined as the total number of issued shares in the Company reduced by the number of own shares held by the Company.7. Outstanding shares defined as the total number of issued shares in the Company reduced by the number of own shares held by the Company.CONTACT:For more information:Electrolux Group Press Hotline  +46 8 657 65 07The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/1853/3929727/2609082.pdf 240216 PR Notice convening the AGM 2024 ENView original content: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-convening-the-annual-general-meeting-of-ab-electrolux-302063935.htmlSOURCE Electrolux Group",neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,negative,0.01,0.3,0.69,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'AB Electrolux', 'Notice', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'ovia Euroclear Sweden AB', 'other supporting document', 'corporate identification number', 'voting rights registration', 'AB Electrolux', 'meeting venue', 'telephone number', 'postal voting', 'Electrolux Group', 'share register', 'oby telephone', 'legal entity', 'authorized signatory', 'record date', 'Such re-registration', 'postal vote', 'registration certificate', 'oby post', 'specific instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Proxy forms', 'special form', 'STOCKHOLM', 'Feb.', 'shareholders', 'Company', 'notice', 'Wednesday', 'March', 'CET', 'Nalen', 'Regeringsgatan', 'Admission', 'Board', 'Directors', 'possibility', 'website', 'electroluxgroup', 'Swedish', 'English', 'notification', 'Participation', 'person', 'presentation', 'circumstances', 'Tuesday', 'Thursday', 'weekdays', '9 a', 'Box', 'anmalan', 'vpc', 'EuroclearProxy', 'name', 'address', 'assistants', 'written', 'dated', 'representative', 'order', 'advance', 'request', 'accordance', 'behalf', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'verification', 'BankID', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'Shares', 'nominee', 'addition', '4.00', '3.15']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,investorsobserver.com
36318,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/16/2830805/0/en/Final-result-of-SATO-Corporation-s-rights-offeringFinal-result-of-SATO-Corporation-s-rights-offering.html,Final result of SATO Corporation’s rights offeringFinal result of SATO Corporation’s rights offering,SATO CORPORATION Stock Exchange Release 16 February 2024 at 4.15 pm EEST  NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR...,SATO CORPORATION Stock Exchange Release 16 February 2024 at 4.15 pm EESTNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  HONG KONG  SOUTH AFRICA  SINGAPORE  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE RELEASE OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.Subscription period of SATO Corporation’s (the “Company”) rights offering (the “Offering”) expired on 14 February 2024. According to the final result  a total of 28 279 377 new shares in the Company were subscribed for in the Offering  which corresponds to approximately 99.90 per cent of the 28 308 533 new shares in the Company offered in the Offering. The subscription price was EUR 7.07 per new share. The Offering will generate for the Company gross proceeds of approximately EUR 200 million. The proceeds raised in the share issue will be entered in full in the Company’s reserve for invested non-restricted equity.The Board of Directors of the Company has today  on 16 February 2024  decided on the approval of the subscriptions made in the Offering in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offering. As the Offering was almost fully subscribed  no unsubscribed offer shares were offered for subscription in a secondary offering. The Offering will increase the number of shares in the Company by 28 279 377 shares from the current 56 783 067 to 85 062 444 shares. The new shares correspond to approximately 33.25 per cent of all shares in the Company after the completion of the Offering.The new shares will be registered with the Trade Register maintained by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office on or about 20 February 2024.The new shares will carry the right to receive dividends and other distributions of funds by the Company  if any  and to other shareholder rights in the Company as of the registration of the shares with the Trade Register and in the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on or about 21 February 2024.SATO CORPORATIONFor more information  please contact:Antti Aarnio  President and CEO  phone: +358 20 134 4200Markku Honkasalo  CFO  phone: +358 20 134 4226www.sato.fi/enCC: Euronext Dublin  main media  www.sato.fi/enSATO Corporation is an expert in sustainable rental housing and one of Finland’s largest rental housing providers. SATO owns around 25 000 rental homes in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area  Tampere and Turku.SATO aims to provide an excellent customer experience and a comprehensive range of urban rental housing alternatives with good access to public transport and services. We promote sustainable development and work in open interaction with our stakeholders. SATO invests profitably  sustainably and with a long-term view. We increase the value of our assets through investments  divestments and repairs.In 2023  SATO Group’s net sales totalled EUR 288.4 million  operating profit EUR -113.6 million and profit before taxes EUR -185.8 million. The value of SATO’s investment properties is around EUR 4.9 billion. www.sato.fiIMPORTANT INFORMATIONThis release is not an offer for sale of securities in the United States. Securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended. The Company does not intend to register any part of the Offering in the United States or to conduct a public offering of securities in the United States.The distribution of this release may be restricted by law  and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The information contained herein is not for publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States  Canada  Australia  Hong Kong  South Africa  Singapore  Japan or New Zealand. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. This release is not directed to  and is not intended for distribution to or use by  any person or entity that is a citizen or resident or located in any locality  state  country or other jurisdiction where such distribution  publication  availability or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would require any registration or licensing within such jurisdiction.This release is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Any securities mentioned herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe for  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this release or any of its contents.This release does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and  as such  does not constitute or form part of  and should not be construed as  an offer to sell  or a solicitation or invitation of any offer to buy  acquire or subscribe for  any securities or an inducement to enter into investment activity.No part of this release  nor the fact of its distribution  should form the basis of  or be relied on in connection with  any contract or commitment or investment decision whatsoever. The information contained in this release has not been independently verified. No representation  warranty or undertaking  expressed or implied  is made as to  and no reliance should be placed on  the fairness  accuracy  completeness or correctness of the information or the opinions contained herein. The Company or any of its respective affiliates  advisors or representatives or any other person  shall have no liability whatsoever (in negligence or otherwise) for any loss however arising from any use of this release or its contents or otherwise arising in connection with this release. Each person must rely on their own examination and analysis of the Company  its subsidiaries  its securities and the transactions  including the merits and risks involved.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.28,0.29,0.43,True,English,"['rights offeringFinal result', 'SATO Corporation', 'high net worth companies', 'largest rental housing providers', 'urban rental housing alternatives', 'SATO CORPORATION Stock Exchange Release', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'sustainable rental housing', 'Helsinki Metropolitan Area', 'excellent customer experience', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'other shareholder rights', 'unsubscribed offer shares', 'United States Securities', 'Exchange Commission', '25,000 rental homes', 'net sales', 'Markets Act', 'sustainable development', 'other distributions', 'United Kingdom', 'HONG KONG', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'final result', '99.90 per cent', 'new share', 'share issue', 'non-restricted equity', '33.25 per cent', 'Trade Register', 'Finnish Patent', 'shareholders’ register', 'Antti Aarnio', 'Markku Honkasalo', 'Euronext Dublin', 'main media', 'comprehensive range', 'good access', 'public transport', 'open interaction', 'long-term view', 'investment properties', 'investment professionals', 'Financial Promotion', 'securities laws', 'rights offering', 'Subscription period', 'subscription price', 'SATO Group', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'other information', 'other persons', 'gross proceeds', 'operating profit', 'IMPORTANT INFORMATION', 'Financial Services', 'Relevant Persons', 'secondary offering', 'public offering', 'Registration Office', 'The Company', '28,279,377 shares', '85,062,444 shares', 'February', 'EEST', 'PUBLICATION', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'SINGAPORE', 'JAPAN', 'WHICH', 'total', 'reserve', 'Board', 'Directors', 'approval', 'subscriptions', 'accordance', 'terms', 'conditions', 'number', 'current 56,7', 'completion', 'dividends', 'funds', 'President', 'CEO', 'phone', 'CFO', 'expert', 'Tampere', 'Turku', 'stakeholders', 'value', 'assets', 'investments', 'divestments', 'repairs', 'taxes', 'exemption', 'part', 'possession', 'document', 'restrictions', 'failure', 'violation', 'entity', 'citizen', 'locality', 'country', 'availability', 'use', 'regulation', 'licensing', 'Article', 'Order', 'invitation', 'agreement', 'purchase', '4.15', '067']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,globenewswire.com
36319,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/16/2830551/0/en/ART-SHARE-002-S-A-the-sole-holder-of-the-iconic-artwork-from-Francis-Bacon-Three-Studies-for-Portrait-of-George-Dyer-1963-launches-the-initial-offering-of-its-Class-B-Shares-at-a-p.html,ART SHARE 002 S.A  the sole holder of the iconic artwork from Francis Bacon 'Three Studies for Portrait of George Dyer  1963' launches the initial offering of its Class B Shares at a price in EUR equivalent of USD 100 per Class B Share.,This marks the inaugural listing on ARTEX Stock Exchange  introducing the first ever Art Listing  providing a multilateral trading facility for investment and trading in this new asset class.,"This marks the inaugural listing on ARTEX Stock Exchange  introducing the first ever Art Listing  providing a multilateral trading facility for investment and trading in this new asset class.Luxembourg  16 February 2024Art Share 002 S.A. (the “Issuer”)  a public limited liability company incorporated in Luxembourg  today announces the launch of the initial offering based on its underlying asset - the triptych ‘Three Studies for Portrait of George Dyer’ by Francis Bacon (the “Artwork”)  ahead of the intended admission of its Class B redeemable shares (EUR)  having the ISIN: LU2583605592 (the “Class B Shares”) to trading on the regulated market ARTEX MTF AG (the “ARTEX Stock Exchange”).The Issuer qualifies as a securitisation vehicle governed by the Luxembourg law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation  as amended  offering its Class B Shares to certain investors  shares which will subsequently be traded in the regulated ARTEX Stock Exchange under the symbol ""BAC1EU"".The initial offering (the “Offering”) is being made by way of a placement to qualified and/or institutional investors  as defined in the Issuer’s offering memorandum (the “Offering Memorandum”). The Offering consists of a minimum of 412 500 Class B Shares corresponding to 75% of all Class B Shares  and a maximum of up to 550 000 Class B Shares  at a fixed price in EUR equivalent to USD 100 per Class B Share.The Class B Shares will be offered at an aggregate valuation in EUR equivalent of USD 55 million. The Artwork was previously purchased at auction at Christie’s in May 2017 for USD 51.7 million.Closing of the Offering and the fixing of the EUR price per Class B Share is expected to take place on 29 February 2024.Trading of the Class B Shares on the ARTEX Stock Exchange is expected to start on 8 March 2024.This transaction has received strong early interest from investors and will take place in a very dynamic art market environment.H.S.H. Prince Wenceslas of Liechtenstein  co-founder and Chairman of ARTEX Stock Exchange  commented: ""Today marks an important milestone as we plan to admit our first art initial offering on the ARTEX Stock Exchange  featuring a distinguished masterpiece by the great British artist Francis Bacon. Our ambition is to create the world’s leading fully transparent  universally accessible  and secure trading venue for art. This first offering paves the way for many more to come.""Yassir Benjelloun-Touimi  co-founder and CEO of ARTEX Stock Exchange  added: ""We are very proud to finally announce the launch of the world’s first art listing  with this amazing triptych from Francis Bacon ""Three Studies for Portrait of George Dyer."" It is another step on the long journey we embarked upon 3 years ago and the relentless pursuit of democratising investment in art  in pursuit of our goal of making it accessible to all.Francis Bacon  Three Studies for Portrait of George Dyer  1963 © The Estate of Francis Bacon. All rights reserved  DACS 2024 / Photo by The Makers PhotographyThe Offering Memorandum in relation to Art Share 002 S.A.’s Class B Shares is available for qualified investors on its website www.artshare002.com. It relates to the admission to trading and listing on the ARTEX Stock Exchange  a multilateral trading facility (“MTF”  as defined within the MiFID II legislation) regulated by the Liechtenstein Financial Market Authority  of Class B Shares (EUR) of the Issuer.Offering highlightThe Issuer’s aim is to democratise access to a great masterpiece  Francis Bacon’s iconic triptych Three Studies for Portrait of George Dyer  1963. Qualified investors (as defined in the Offering Memorandum) are provided the opportunity to subscribe for Class B Shares in the Offering  thereby investing (indirectly) in the Artwork. The Artwork offers these qualified investors an opportunity to preserve their capital and diversify their portfolios by investing in a newly liquid asset class. Following the listing on ARTEX Stock Exchange  the Class B Shares will also be accessible for secondary market trading to the public.It is intended that the Artwork to be displayed  on loan. To cultural institutions such as museums to enhance accessibility to the public. This will add a unique social impact dimension to the investment and contribute to the goal of the democratisation of iconic artwork.Lock-up arrangementsThe Remaining Shares to be held by the Seller are subject to the following placement restrictions:During the first 3 months from the offering  the Seller shall not be able to place any of the Remaining Shares;following the period of 3 months from the offering  the Seller shall have the option to direct the Company to place on ARTEX MTF one third of the Remaining Shares.following the period of 4 months and 15 calendar days from the offering  the Seller shall have the option to direct the Company to further place on ARTEX MTF one third of the Remaining Shares; andfollowing the period of 6 months from the offering  the Seller shall have the option to direct the Company to further place on ARTEX MTF any balance of Remaining Shares then held.The Seller has empowered the Company to have the option to place at all times any of the Remaining Shares at a price in excess of the Offer Price  subject to such Remaining Shares being issued at a maximum discount of 3% to the average closing market price for the previous 5 Business Days  unless otherwise agreed between the Company and the Seller.Dividend policyThe Company does not otherwise anticipate generating net profits and thus does not expect to pay any dividends on the Offered Shares in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be made in accordance with applicable laws and the Company’s Articles.Indicative timetable of the OfferingThe Start of the offering period was 16 February 2024.was 16 February 2024. The end of the offering period and allocation is expected to take place on 29 February 2024.is expected to take place on 29 February 2024. Settlement is expected to take place on 7 March 2024.is expected to take place on 7 March 2024. Admission and trading of the Class B Shares on ARTEX Stock Exchange is planned to start on 8 March 2024 with the following: Ticker Symbol : BAC1EU ISIN: LU2583605592 WKN: A3D7ZH CFI Code: ESXXXRof the Class B Shares on ARTEX Stock Exchange is planned to start on 8 March 2024 with the following:Orders and subscriptionsZeus Capital Limited (“Zeus”)  a UK Investment Bank regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK  is acting as the Bookrunner for the Offering. The initial offer shall be settled through Zeus’s settlement agent  Pershing Securities a subsidiary of BNY Mellon.For questions  subscriptions and requests for assistance in connection with the initial offer we direct you to:Zeus Capital LimitedBen Robertson (Head of ECM)ben.robertson@zeuscapital.co.uk125 Old Broad Street  12th Floor  London  EC2N 1ARwww.zeuscapital.co.ukAdditional placement agents may be appointed in connection with the Offering and will be communicated on the website of the Issuer (www.artshare002.com).Information available to qualified investorsThe Offering Memorandum may be obtained in electronic or printed form  free of charge  upon request at Art Share 002 S.A.  during regular business hours  at the registered office of the Issuer located at 16  rue E. Ruppert  L-2453 Luxembourg  Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The Offering Memorandum is also available in electronic form on the website of ARTEX Stock Exchange ((www.artex-stockexchange.com)  and on the website of the Issuer (www.artshare002.com).The Issuer draws the investors’ attention to the Offering Memorandum and especially to the risk factors described in the Offering Memorandum. The occurrence of one or more of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business  reputation  financial position  results or outlook  as well as the market price of its Class B Shares.Partnerships of ARTEX Stock ExchangeThe ARTEX Stock Exchange offers a continuous trading model in connection with auctions. It starts with an opening auction  followed by continuous trading via a central limit order book. The trading ends with a closing auction. The Artex Stock Exchange participants consist of members and market makers which facilitate the trading of the Class B Shares by the Issuer to trade with a certain liquidity.ARTEX Stock Exchange has secured partnerships with SIX AG (“SIX”)  a well-established infrastructure service provider. SIX will provide clearing services via SIX x-clear AG and real market data feed via SIX Exfeed AG. The settlement of Class B Shares on the secondary market will happen through the bridge offered via Euroclear and Clearstream. UnaVista  an LSEG business  will support ARTEX Stock Exchange in fulfilling its information exchange and reporting to the relevant supervisory bodies.* * *About Art Share 002 S.A.Art Share 002 is a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg existing as a securitisation undertaking (organisme de titrisation) within the meaning of the Securitisation Law. It has been set-up to issue shares  tracking the economic risk associated with the Artwork and any other associated risk within the meaning of article 53 of the Luxembourg law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation  as amended  financed inter alia by the issuance of the Class B Shares.Art Share 002 was established to facilitate fractional investment in the Artwork through the issuance of the Class B Shares (i.e.  undertaking a securitisation transaction of the Artwork).The principal activity of Art Share 002 is to hold and securitise the Artwork  as well as assuming risks  existing or future  relating to the holding of the Artwork. Its principal activities to date have been limited to organisational activities  including entering into certain agreements (i) for the acquisition of the Artwork and (ii) those necessary for the preparation and execution of the Offering  it’s admission and listing on the ARTEX Stock Exchange.Art Share 002 is managed by a board of directors who are Mrs Ursula Schmidt  Mr Edouard de Burlet and Mr Ronan Le Bouc.Art Share 002 does not expect to generate revenues or cashflows from lending  for free  the Artwork to cultural institutions such as museums. It will not conduct any business activities except for activities relating to the ownership  maintenance and promotion of the Artwork and  as such  these activities shall be limited to a passive administration of the ownership of the Artwork.The strategy will be to display and promote the Artwork in a manner designed to improve public understanding of it.About ARTEXARTEX Stock Exchange operates a secure and liquid art focused traditional stock exchange  regulated and supervised by the Financial Markets Authority of Liechtenstein within the European MiFID II legislative framework. Providing easy access to a traditionally exclusive fine art market  ARTEX Stock Exchange aims to democratise investing in artworks from the world’s greatest masters  spanning a period from the Renaissance to the twentieth century. ARTEX Stock Exchange-listed masterpieces will be on public display  in museums and exhibitions around the world. ARTEX Stock Exchange will strive to empower investors by offering the latest news  market insights and educational content to allow wider participation in art investing. ARTEX Stock Exchange was co-founded in 2020 by art enthusiasts and financial markets experts H.S.H. Prince Wenceslas of Liechtenstein and Yassir Benjelloun-Touimi.ARTEX Stock Exchange” is a multilateral trading facility operated by ARTEX MTF AG  a company incorporated in the Principality of Liechtenstein under company number FL-0002.682.571-2 with registered offices at Wuhrstrasse 6  9490 Vaduz  Liechtenstein.ARTEX Stock Exchange is regulated by the Financial Markets Authority under reference number 307407.For more information about ARTEX  please visit www.artex-stockexchange.comPress contactsFrance and GlobalAliénor Miens | Alienor.miens@margie.fr | +33 (0)6 64 32 81 75Bertrand Chambenois | Bertrand.chambenois@margie.fr | +33 (0)6 11 84 34 92DISCLAIMERThis document is an announcement and not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)  and as such does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to purchase securities of Art Share 002 S.A. (the “Issuer”).These materials do not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation to purchase or subscribe for  or otherwise invest in  securities in the United States. The securities mentioned herein have not been  and will not be  registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”). The securities may not be offered or sold in the United States (as such term is defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There will be no public offer of securities in the United States.In any member state of the European Economic Area  this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in such member state within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation  and no person that is not a qualified investor may act or rely on this communication or any of its contents.In so far as forecasts or expectations are expressed in this investor relations news or where our statements concern the future  these forecasts  expectations  or statements may involve known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Actual results or developments may vary  depending on changes in the operating environment. The Company does not assume an obligation to update the forecasts  expectations or statements contained in this release. The information contained in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance may be placed by any person for any purpose on the information contained in this announcement or its accuracy  fairness  or completeness. This announcement is not for publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into Australia  South Africa  Canada  Japan  New Zealand or the United States (including its territories and possessions  any State of the United States) or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction. The distribution of this announcement may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Offered Shares may not be offered or sold in the United States unless registered under the Securities Act except pursuant to a transaction exempt from  or not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Offer and sale of the Offered Shares has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the applicable securities laws of Australia  South Africa  Canada or Japan and New Zealand. Subject to certain exceptions  the Offered Shares may not be offered or sold in Australia  Canada or Japan  New Zealand or to  or for the account or benefit of  any national  resident or citizen of Australia  Canada  or Japan. There will be no public offer of the Offered Shares in Australia  Canada  Japan  New Zealand  the United States. In the United Kingdom  this announcement is being distributed only to  and is directed only at  persons who: (A) (i) are “investment professionals” specified in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order"") and/or (ii) fall within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (and only where the conditions contained in those Articles have been  or will at the relevant time be  satisfied); and (B) are “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) as it forms part of retained EU law as defined in the EU (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (all such persons together being referred to as ""Relevant Persons"").In the European Economic Area (the ""EEA"")  this announcement is addressed only to and directed only at  persons in member states who are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation ((EU) 2017/1129) (""Qualified Investors""). This announcement must not be acted on or relied on (i) in the United Kingdom  by persons who are not Relevant Persons  and (ii) in any member state of the EEA  by persons who are not Qualified Investors.Any investment or investment activity to which this announcement relates is available only to: (i) in the United Kingdom  Relevant Persons; and (ii) in any member state of the EEA  Qualified Investors  and will be engaged in only with such persons. For the avoidance of doubt  no offer to the public will made in the United Kingdom and no application will be made for the Offered Shares to be traded on a regulated market in the United Kingdom. This announcement may include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements may be identified by using forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""estimates""  ""plans""  ""projects""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"" or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company's current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company's business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth  and strategies. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Each of the Company and Zeus Capital Limited  expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statement contained in this announcement whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise. Any subscription or purchase of Offered Shares in the possible Offer should be made solely on the basis of information contained in the Offering Memorandum which may be issued by the Company in connection with the possible Offer. The information in this announcement is subject to change. Before subscribing for or purchasing any Offered Shares  persons viewing this announcement should ensure that they fully understand and accept the risks which will be set out in the Offering Memorandum if published. No reliance may be placed for any purpose on the information contained in this announcement or its accuracy or completeness. Neither this announcement  nor the references herein to the Offering Memorandum  shall form the basis of or constitute any offer  or any solicitation of any offer to purchase or subscribe for any Offered Shares nor shall it (or any part of it) or the fact of its distribution  form the basis of  or be relied on in connection with  any contract thereof. The Company may decide not to go ahead with the initial offer and there is therefore no guarantee that the admission will occur. You should not base any financial decision on this announcement. Acquiring investments to which this announcement relates may expose an investor to a significant risk of losing all of the amount invested. Persons considering making investments should consult an authorised person specialising in advising on such investments. Neither this announcement  nor the Offering Memorandum referred to herein  constitutes a recommendation concerning the Offer. The value of the Offered Shares can decrease as well as increase. Potential investors should consult a professional advisor as to the suitability of the Offer for the person concerned. None of Zeus Capital Limited or any of its affiliate or any of its or their affiliates' directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for/or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the truth  accuracy or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to the Company  its subsidiaries or associated companies  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of the announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith.Information to distributors in the EEASolely for the purposes of the product governance requirements contained within: (i) EU Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments  as amended (“MiFID II”); (ii) Articles 9 and 10 of Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 supplementing MiFID II; and (iii) local implementing measures (together the “MiFID II Product Governance Requirements”)  and disclaiming all and any liability  whether arising in tort  delict  contract or otherwise  which the Company  in its capacity as “manufacturer” for the purposes of the MiFID II Product Governance Requirements may otherwise have with respect thereto  the Offered Shares have been subject to a product approval process  which has determined that such Offered Shares are: (a) compatible with an end target market of retail investors and investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties  each as defined in MiFID II; and (b) eligible for distribution through all distribution channels as are permitted by MiFID II (the “Target Market Assessment”). Notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment  “distributors” (for purposes of the MiFID II Product Governance Requirements) should note that the price of the Offered Shares may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment; the Offered Shares offer no guaranteed income and no capital protection  and an investment in the Offered Shares is compatible only with investors who do not need a guaranteed income or capital protection  who (either alone or in conjunction with an appropriate financial or other adviser) are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such an investment and who have sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses that may result therefrom. The Target Market Assessment is without prejudice to the requirements of any contractual  legal or regulatory selling restrictions in relation to the Offer  including the selling restrictions described in “Notice to Investors (Selling Restrictions)”. Furthermore  it is noted that  notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment  the Placement Agents will only procure investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties. For the avoidance of doubt  the Target Market Assessment does not constitute: (i) an assessment of suitability or appropriateness for the purposes of MiFID II; or (ii) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in  purchase  subscribe for  or take any other action whatsoever with respect to the Offered Shares. Each distributor is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Offered Shares and determining appropriate distribution channels.Information to Distributors in the UKSolely for the purposes of the product governance requirements of Chapter 3 of the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the ""UK Product Governance Requirements"")  and/or any equivalent requirements elsewhere to the extent determined to be applicable  and disclaiming all and any liability  whether arising in tort  contract or otherwise  the Company  in its capacity as “manufacturer” (for the purposes of the UK Product Governance Requirements) may otherwise have with respect thereto  the Offered Shares have been subject to a product approval process  which has determined that the Offered Shares are: (a) compatible with an end target market of retail investors and investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties  each as defined in Chapter 3 of the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook; and (b) eligible for distribution through all distribution channels (the “U.K. Target Market Assessment”). Notwithstanding the U.K. Target Market Assessment  ""distributors"" (for the purposes of the UK Product Governance Requirements) should note that: the price of the Offered Shares may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment; the Offered Shares offer no guaranteed income and no capital protection; and an investment in the Offered Shares is compatible only with investors who do not need a guaranteed income or capital protection  who (either alone or in conjunction with an appropriate financial or other adviser) are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such an investment and who have sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses that may result therefrom. The U.K. Target Market Assessment is without prejudice to the requirements of any contractual  legal or regulatory selling restrictions in relation to the Offering. Furthermore  it is noted that  notwithstanding the U.K. Target Market Assessment  the Placement Agents will only procure investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties for the purposes of the U.K. MiFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt  the U.K. Target Market Assessment does not constitute: (i) an assessment of suitability or appropriateness for the purposes of Chapter 9A or 10A respectively of the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook; or (ii) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in  or purchase  or take any other action whatsoever with respect to the Offered Shares. Each distributor is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Offered Shares and determining appropriate distribution channels.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.54,0.44,0.02,True,English,"['ART SHARE 002 S.A', 'Class B Share', 'sole holder', 'iconic artwork', 'Francis Bacon', 'Three Studies', 'George Dyer', 'initial offering', 'Portrait', 'price', 'EUR', 'USD', 'H.S.H. Prince Wenceslas', 'unique social impact dimension', 'dynamic art market environment', 'Liechtenstein Financial Market Authority', 'Art Share 002 S.A.', 'Class B redeemable shares', 'public limited liability company', 'The Class B Shares', 'first art initial offering', '412,500 Class B Shares', '550,000 Class B Shares', 'strong early interest', 'MiFID II legislation', 'new asset class', 'liquid asset class', 'ARTEX Stock Exchange', 'The Makers Photography', 'great British artist', 'secondary market trading', 'multilateral trading facility', 'secure trading venue', 'following placement restrictions', 'ARTEX MTF AG', 'The Remaining Shares', 'first art listing', 'The Offering Memorandum', 'regulated market', 'underlying asset', 'The Estate', 'great masterpiece', 'first offering', 'The Artwork', 'Three Studies', 'George Dyer', 'Francis Bacon', 'fixed price', 'aggregate valuation', 'important milestone', 'distinguished masterpiece', 'Yassir Benjelloun-Touimi', 'amazing triptych', 'long journey', 'iconic triptych', 'cultural institutions', 'Lock-up arrangements', 'first 3 months', 'one third', '15 calendar days', 'The Issuer', 'inaugural listing', 'Offering highlight', 'institutional investors', 'intended admission', 'securitisation vehicle', 'relentless pursuit', 'iconic artwork', 'qualified investors', 'Luxembourg law', 'EUR price', '4 months', '6 months', 'ever', 'investment', '16 February', 'launch', 'Portrait', 'ISIN', '22 March', 'symbol', 'BAC1EU', 'way', 'minimum', 'maximum', 'USD', 'auction', 'Christie', 'May', 'Closing', 'fixing', '29 February', '8 March', 'transaction', 'founder', 'Chairman', 'Today', 'ambition', 'world', 'transparent', 'CEO', 'step', 'goal', 'rights', 'DACS', 'relation', 'website', 'aim', 'access', 'opportunity', 'capital', 'portfolios', 'loan', 'museums', 'democratisation', 'Seller', 'period', 'option', 'balance']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,globenewswire.com
36320,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASPO-OYJ-1412432/news/Aspo-Group-financial-statement-release-January-1-December-31-2023-45968621/,Aspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2023,(marketscreener.com) Aspo Plc Financial statement release               February 16  2024  at 8:00 amAspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2023 Solid fourth quarter  strengthening the platform for future growth Figures from the corr…,Aspo PlcFinancial statement releaseFebruary 16  2024  at 8:00 amAspo Group financial statement release  January 1 – December 31  2023Solid fourth quarter  strengthening the platform for future growthFigures from the corresponding period in 2022 are presented in brackets. From the beginning of year 2023  Aspo established a new segment structure and the figures for the comparative periods have been restated.October–December 2023Continuing operations Net sales from continuing operations decreased to EUR 132.2 (152.9) million. Comparable operating profit from continuing operations was EUR 6.8 (11.1) million  and the comparable operating profit rate of continuing operations was 5.1% (7.3%). The comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 5.0 (10.5) million  Telko EUR 2.3 (1.7) million  and Leipurin EUR 0.8 (0.5) million. Operating profit from continuing operations was EUR 6.4 (10.9) million  and the operating profit rate of continuing operations was 4.8% (7.1%). Operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 4.4 (10.2) million  Telko EUR 2.3 (2.2) million  and Leipurin EUR 1.0 (0.2) million. Earnings per share from continuing operations were EUR 0.08 (0.23).Group total level Net sales  Group total decreased to EUR 135.8 (164.7) million Comparable operating profit at Group total level was EUR 7.0 (11.3) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 5.2% (6.9%). Items affecting the comparability of operating profit totaled EUR -7.1 (-16.1) million. Earnings per share  Group total were EUR -0.13 (-0.21). Net cash from operating activities was EUR 12.6 (22.0) million. Free cash flow was EUR 0.3 (16.5) million.January–December 2023Continuing operations Net sales from continuing operations decreased to EUR 536.4 (560.7) million. Comparable operating profit from continuing operations was EUR 26.2 (43.9) million  and the comparable operating profit rate of continuing operations was 4.9% (7.8%). Comparable operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 18.3 (37.4) million  Telko EUR 9.0 (11.3) million  and Leipurin EUR 4.2 (1.1) million. Operating profit from continuing operations was EUR 25.9 (38.4) million  and the operating profit rate of continuing operations was 4.8% (6.8%). Operating profit of ESL Shipping was EUR 17.7 (38.2) million  Telko EUR 8.0 (8.2) million  and Leipurin EUR 5.6 (-1.4) million. Earnings per share from continuing operations were EUR 0.45 (0.93).Group total level Net sales  Group total decreased to EUR 553.0 (652.6) million. Comparable operating profit at Group total level was EUR 26.5 (55.3) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 4.8% (8.5%). Items affecting the comparability of operating profit totaled EUR -16.7 (-24.1) million. Earnings per share  Group total were EUR -0.01 (0.61). Net cash from operating activities was EUR 47.6 (67.7) million. Free cash flow was EUR 27.3 (34.4) million.Guidance for 2024Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit is expected to exceed EUR 30 million in 2024 (EUR 26.5 million in 2023).Proposal of the Board of Directors for the distribution of fundsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 12  2024  that EUR 0.24 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2023 financial year. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on a possible distribution of capital from the invested unrestricted equity fund in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share on a later date if aligned with the growth strategy and considering the long-term benefit of Aspo’s shareholders. If the maximum amount is distributed  a total maximum of EUR 0.47 (0.46) per share would be distributed in dividends and return of capital for the 2023 financial year.More information about the proposed distribution of funds is available under section “Proposal for distribution of funds”.Key figures 10-12/2023 10-12/2022 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 Net sales  Group total  MEUR 135.8 164.7 553.0 652.6 Net sales from continuing operations  MEUR 132.2 152.9 536.4 560.7 ESL Shipping  comparable operating profit  MEUR 5.0 10.5 18.3 37.4 Telko  comparable operating profit  MEUR 2.3 1.7 9.0 11.3 Leipurin  comparable operating profit  MEUR 0.8 0.5 4.2 1.1 Other operations  comparable operating profit  MEUR -1.3 -1.6 -5.3 -5.9 Comparable operating profit from continuing operations  MEUR 6.8 11.1 26.2 43.9 Comparable operating profit from continuing operations  % 5.1 7.3 4.9 7.8 Comparable operating profit from discontinued operations  MEUR 0.2 0.2 0.3 11.4 Comparable operating profit  Group total  MEUR 7.0 11.3 26.5 55.3 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 5.2 6.9 4.8 8.5 Items affecting comparability  Group total  MEUR -7.1 -16.1 -16.7 -24.1 Operating profit  Group total  MEUR -0.1 -4.8 9.8 31.2 Profit before taxes from continuing operations  MEUR 3.7 9.0 16.6 32.5 Profit for the period  MEUR -3.8 -5.4 1.6 20.7 Profit from continuing operations  MEUR 3.0 8.7 16.2 30.8 Profit from discontinued operations  MEUR -6.8 -14.1 -14.6 -10.1 Earnings per share (EPS)  EUR -0.13 -0.21 -0.01 0.61 EPS from continuing operations  EUR 0.08 0.23 0.45 0.93 EPS from discontinued operations  EUR -0.21 -0.44 -0.46 -0.32 Net cash from operating activities  MEUR 12.6 22.0 47.6 67.7 Free cash flow  MEUR 0.3 16.5 27.3 34.4 Return on equity (ROE)  % 1.2 15.2 Equity ratio  % 34.4 34.7 Gearing  % 117.6 108.4 Equity per share  EUR 4.47 4.58Rolf Jansson  CEO of Aspo Group  comments on the fourth quarter and the whole year 2023:The business environment of Aspo’s core businesses was more difficult in year 2023 than in the previous year. ESL Shipping suffered in particular from lower demand and price levels  especially in the spot market. Telko experienced a decline in market prices  especially for volume plastics during the second quarter. Leipurin’s market development was stable  despite strong inflation combined with a decline in market volumes. In the difficult market  Aspo's performance ended up in a solid fourth quarter.In 2023  Aspo’s net sales from continuing operations of EUR 536.4 (560.7) million decreased by 4% and the comparable operating profit from continuing operations of EUR 26.2 (43.9) million decreased by 40% compared with the previous year. The negative trend compared to 2022 was driven by ESL Shipping  having a record financial performance in the comparative year. The free cash flow of Aspo remained strong in 2023  driven by prioritization of investments and supported by sale and leaseback of warehouse properties as well as effective inventory management.The transformation of Aspo continued strong in year 2023. The first out of twelve electric hybrid green coasters was delivered in December. Also  a major milestone was accomplished in November  when Aspo signed an agreement with OP Finland Infrastructure LP regarding an investment of EUR 30 million into Aspo’s subsidiary ESL Shipping. In February 2024  Varma decided to co-invest EUR 15 million alongside OP Finland Infrastructure. The combined investment corresponds to a 21.43% ownership stake in ESL Shipping. This will accelerate ESL Shipping’s ambition to lead the green transition in sea transportation in the Baltic Sea area  enable the company to take advantage of its strong market position and benefit from market growth.Telko was able to achieve modest net sales growth  in a declining market  thanks to the acquisitions of Johan Steenks and especially Eltrex. The exit of Telko Russian required a lot of management attention and was successfully completed in April. During the year  Telko developed a strong platform for both organic and non-organic growth for years to come.Leipurin’s year 2023 was a success story. The company’s absolute profitability close to quadrupled in comparison to the previous year. Even more importantly  a lot of improvement opportunities remain in the areas of commercial  supply chain and sourcing. Leipurin is also well positioned for the future  after the executed portfolio rationalization of Vulganus and the bakery equipment trading business exits as well as sale and leasebacks of several warehouse properties in Sweden and Lithuania.A chapter in Aspo’s history was closed in year 2023 when Telko sold its Russian business in April and when a decision to discontinue the Leipurin East businesses was made in December. ESL Shipping abandoned its Russian business already by summer 2022. In practice these actions substantiate Aspo’s strategy to focus its growth on Western Europe  which was communicated already in our CMD in December 2021. Aspo’s next CMD will be held on Tuesday  May 14 in Helsinki.The outlook of Aspo is strong in all of its businesses  driven by clear strategic ambition and gradually improving market conditions. After two years of transformation  based on the renewed strategy  Aspo has a solid platform for future growth. The operating profit of the first quarter in 2024 is expected to be weak  due to the tough winter conditions and disturbances in the Finnish labour market impacting negatively the profitability of ESL Shipping. Our guidance for 2024 is that Aspo Group’s comparable operating profit is expected to exceed EUR 30 million in 2024 (2023: EUR 26.5 million).I want to thank Aspo’s entire personnel for the excellent results in 2023.ASPO GROUPFinancial results and targetsAspo's long-term financial targets are:Annual increase in net sales: 5–10% a yearOperating profit: 8%Return on equity: more than 20%Gearing: less than 130%On a business level  ESL Shipping’s operating profit target is 14%  Telko’s 8% and Leipurin’s 5%. The operating profit rate targets are evaluated against the comparable operating profit rate of Aspo Group and its continuing businesses.In 2023 the long-term financial targets were not fully reached. Net sales from continuing operations decreased by 4%. The comparable operating profit rate of the continuing operations was 4.9% (7.8%). Comparable return on equity from continuing operations was 11.9% (29.4%). Gearing stood at 117.6% (108.4%)  well below the target level.The comparable operating profit  Group total includes results of the continuing and discontinued operations. The comparable operating profit is calculated by adjusting the reported operating profit with rare and material items affecting the operating profit. These may include impairment losses  sales gains and losses from divested businesses and non-current assets  as well as financial losses caused by Russia’s invasion in Ukraine.Net sales and operating profit rate  Group total 10-12/2023 10-12/2022 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales  Group total 135.8 164.7 553.0 652.6 Net sales  continuing operations 132.2 152.9 536.4 560.7 Net sales  discontinued operations 3.6 11.8 16.6 91.9 Operating profit  Group total -0.1 -4.8 9.8 31.2 Operating profit  Group total  % -0.1 -2.9 1.8 4.8 Items affecting comparability -7.1 -16.1 -16.7 -24.1 Comparable operating profit  Group total 7.0 11.3 26.5 55.3 Comparable operating profit  Group total  % 5.2 6.9 4.8 8.5Operating profit and comparable operating profit  Group total 10-12/2023 10-12/2022 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping  operating profit 4.4 10.2 17.7 38.2 Telko  operating profit 2.3 2.2 8.0 8.2 Leipurin  operating profit 1.0 0.2 5.6 -1.4 Other operations  operating profit -1.3 -1.7 -5.4 -6.6 Operating profit from continuing operations 6.4 10.9 25.9 38.4 Operating profit from discontinued operations -6.5 -15.7 -16.1 -7.2 Operating profit  Group total -0.1 -4.8 9.8 31.2 Items affecting comparability -7.1 -16.1 -16.7 -24.1 Comparable operating profit  Group total 7.0 11.3 26.5 55.3Items affecting comparability  Group total 10-12/2023 10-12/2022 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping -0.6 -0.3 -0.6 0.8 Telko 0.5 -1.0 -3.1 Leipurin 0.2 -0.3 1.4 -2.5 Other operations -0.1 -0.1 -0.7 Continuing operations  total -0.4 -0.2 -0.3 -5.5 Discontinued operations -6.7 -15.9 -16.4 -18.6 Total -7.1 -16.1 -16.7 -24.1In the fourth quarter of 2023  the items affecting comparability were EUR -7.1 million in total. EUR -0.6 million reported for ESL Shipping were advisory costs related to the sales process of a minority stake in ESL Shipping. EUR 0.2 million reported in the Leipurin segment was the gain on the sale of the bakery equipment trading business. Items of EUR -6.7 million reported for the discontinued operations was caused by the deconsolidation of Leipurin’s entities in Russia  Belarus  and Kazakhstan.In the fourth quarter of 2022  the items affecting comparability totaled EUR -16.1 million. EUR -0.3 million reported in ESL Shipping segment related to legal claims. EUR 0.5 million reported for Telko segment was a reversal of a bad debt allowance in Ukraine. EUR -0.3 million reported for Leipurin and EUR -0.1 million reported for other operations consisted of some restructuring expenses. EUR -15.9 million reported for discontinued operations consisted of EUR -14.7 million related to write downs of assets of Russian and other eastern entities as well as to other expenses related to Russia’s invasion in Ukraine. The rest EUR -1.2 million was the sales loss of Kauko Oy.Items affecting comparability in 2023  MEUR ESL Telko Leipurin Other Discontinued Total Shipping operations operations Advisory expenses  minority stake -0.6 -0.6 Write down of inventory  Russia related -1.0 -1.7 -2.7 Sale and leaseback transactions 1.4 1.4 Restructuring activities -0.2 -0.1 -0.3 Withdrawal from Russia -14.7 -14.7 Divestment of businesses 0.2 0.2 Total -0.6 -1.0 1.4 -0.1 -16.4 -16.7In 2023 the items affecting comparability amounted to EUR -16.7 million in total. EUR -0.6 million reported for ESL Shipping were advisory costs related to the sales process of a minority stake in ESL Shipping. EUR -1.0 million reported in the Telko segment related to inventory write downs caused by Russia’s invasion in Ukraine. EUR 1.4 million reported in the Leipurin segment consisted of EUR 1.4 million from gains on sale and leaseback transactions of properties in Sweden and premises in Lithuania  EUR -0.2 million from restructuring activities in Sweden and EUR 0.2 million from sale on Leipurin’s bakery equipment trading business. EUR -0.1 million reported in other operations related to corporate restructuring costs. EUR -16.4 million reported in discontinued operations consisted of the sales loss of Telko Russia EUR -8.1 million  the write down of Telko Russia’s inventory EUR -1.7 million  a loss of EUR -0.8 million for the deconsolidation of Telko’s subsidiary in Belarus  and EUR -5.8 million related to the deconsolidation of Leipurin’s entities in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan.In 2022  items affecting comparability totaled EUR -24.1 million  of which EUR -20.7 million resulted from the impact of Russia’s invasion in Ukraine on Aspo Group’s business operations and EUR -2.5 million consisted of impairment and divestments loss of Kauko. Other items affecting comparability totaled EUR -0.9 million.Items affecting comparability in 2022  MEUR ESL Telko Leipurin Other Discontinued Total Shipping operations operations Sale of Espa 1 5 1 5 Inventory in Ukraine -2 6 -0 7 -3 3 Accounts receivable in Ukraine -0 5 -0 1 -0 6 Withdrawal from Russia -0 7 -16 1 -16 8 Divestment of businesses -0 4 -1 2 -1 6 Other -1 3 -0 7 -1 3 -3 3 Total 0 8 -3 1 -2 5 -0 7 -18 6 -24 1SustainabilitySustainability is a key driver for Aspo’s management system and especially for the company’s investments. Aspo’s businesses aim to be forerunners in sustainability in their respective sectors. The key target is to reduce emission intensity  CO2 (tn) per net sales (EUR thousand)  by 30% by 2025. The starting point (2020) was 0.44  while the target level (2025) is 0.30. The emission intensity target for the full-year 2024 is 0.33.During the past 12 months  emission intensity has slightly increased despite the positive development in operational efficiency and the use of new operating models  especially by ESL Shipping. The emission intensity stood at 0.37 at the end of 2023 (0.33)  slightly behind the target of 0.36 for the full-year 2023. The slight increase in the emission intensity is driven by a decrease in Aspo’s net sales  as the emissions during the past 12 months have decreased in absolute terms. Specifically for ESL Shipping  emission intensity was impacted by lowering fuel prices as well as fleet structure and weather conditions  including ice conditions and storms.ESL Shipping’s ongoing investment in the twelve electric hybrid green coasters is instrumental in the company’s green transition and hence a key contributor to Aspo Group’s emission intensity reduction ambition. The first vessel was delivered in December 2023. To further drive green transition in the shipping industry  ESL Shipping is engaged in close and long-term cooperation with leading energy suppliers to provide renewable solutions.Another key sustainability focus area of Aspo is employee safety. The rolling 12 months Total Recordable Injury Frequency (TRIF) improved significantly and was 4.8 (8.1 for the full-year 2022). The TRIF target for 2024 is 6.0.As part of Aspo’s sustainability goals  the satisfaction of employees  the quality of leadership  and Aspo as an employer are measured with People Power index by conducting an annual atmosphere survey. Job satisfaction in all businesses remained high in 2023 and the targeted level of AA rating was reached as in the previous year (2022: AA).Aspo’s goal is that all the Group’s personnel complete Compliance and Code of Conduct trainings annually. These include e.g. anti-corruption issues and provides guidance for identifying any suspicious situations and practices considered unethical. In 2023  approximately 100% (100%) of the Group’s employees completed the Code of Conduct training and roughly 100% (100%) completed the Compliance training.Operating environment  short-term risks and uncertainties in business operationsChanges in demand and in market prices as well as rising inflation and interest rates impacted financial development and generated uncertainty in the markets served by Aspo’s businesses. The economy in the European Union broadly stagnated during the year 2023 and is likely to remain subdued also in the short and mid-term  which increases the risks in all of Aspo’s businesses. Specifically  the rising interest rates have negatively impacted investment activities  particularly through increasing financing costs and decreasing financing opportunities. As a consequence  the M&A market has slowed down  partially also because of differing views on valuations by the sellers and buyers.The demand for sea transportation is affected by overall economic development and specific demand and production volumes in key industries  especially metal and forest products. However  ESL Shipping comparatively benefits from long-term industrial partnerships and a general deficit of year-round vessel capacity in the Baltic Sea area. The current outlook suggests stable development for the metal industry  whereas the forest industry is slowly expected to strengthen from a low level. The shipping freight indexes have somewhat strengthened since the beginning of September  with very high volatility.Market price development  and especially sudden declines in raw material prices  can cause a negative profit impact for Telko and Leipurin. The effect of such development has been mitigated by active product portfolio management  combined with specific commercial and operational measures  incl. inventory management.Recent events in the Middle East can negatively affect Aspo’s businesses  e.g. in terms of energy prices and supply chain disruptions  as well as inflation-driven wage increases. Additionally  the events can cause both logistics costs as well as product prices to increase. Prolongation and possible expansion of the war in Ukraine would negatively impact business operations in Aspo’s market areas. The increase in global tensions weakens operating conditions in all businesses.In line with its strategy  Aspo aims to increase earnings also via acquisitions. Strategy execution combined with the currently relatively high financing costs may reduce free cash flow and lead to a temporary deterioration of the balance sheet  in situations where capital expenditures and acquisitions require financial resources  and consequently may reduce solvency. With its strategy  Aspo aims to reduce the impact of the possibly weakening general economic development on Aspo’s profit development. This materializes in e.g. ESL focusing on long-term customer contracts and green solutions  Telko pursuing growth in specialty products and expanding into new geographical markets  Leipurin increasing its business focus on food ingredients and prioritizing market segments that offer stable growth opportunities.Aspo has exited Russia and other selected eastern markets. Telko sold its Russian business in April 2023  and Leipurin East was deconsolidated in December 2023. ESL Shipping abandoned the Russian market already by the summer of 2022. Hence  Aspo’s financial exposure to Russia is limited in 2024.Because the future estimates presented in this interim report are based on the current situation and knowledge  they involve significant risks and other uncertainties  due to which actual future outcomes may differ from the estimates.Net sales by market area  continuing operations 1-12/2023 Share 1-12/2022 Share MEUR % MEUR % Finland 197.4 36.8 224.4 40.0 Scandinavian countries 157.6 29.4 137.6 24.5 Baltic countries 63.8 11.9 67.8 12.1 Other European countries 74.5 13.9 89.6 16.0 Other countries 43.1 7.9 41.3 7.4 Total 536.4 100 560.7 100From the beginning of year 2023  following the shift of the strategic focus towards western markets  Aspo changed the market areas when reporting net sales. The new reportable market areas are: Finland  Scandinavian countries  Baltic countries  Other European countries and Other countries. The acquisition of Kobia in Sweden as well as Johan Steenks in Norway have increased the contribution of Scandinavia to the Group’s total net sales.Cash flow and financingThe Group’s net cash flow from operating activities in 2023 was EUR 47.6 (67.7) million. The cash flow of all businesses was positive  and the decrease compared to the comparative period came from the ESL Shipping segment. The cash flow impact of change in working capital was EUR 4.4 (-6.7) million. The positive cash impact was caused by a decrease in inventories driven by a decline in market prices and proactive operational management actions  especially in the Telko segment.The free cash flow in 2023 was EUR 27.3 (34.4) million. Investments amounted to EUR -21.8 (-17.8) million and consisted mainly of the ESL Shipping segment’s green coaster advance payments. The other items reported in cash flows used in investing activities included EUR 3.9 million cash outflow from the acquisitions of Eltrex  EUR 11.6 million cash inflow from the sale and leaseback of Leipurin’s properties in Sweden and Lithuania  EUR 7.8 million negative cash impact of the sale/deconsolidation of Telko’s and Leipurin’s subsidiaries in Russia and other eastern countries  EUR 0.5 million dividend cash inflow from associates  EUR 0.4 million cash inflow from the sale of Leipurin’s bakery equipment trading business as well as other cash inflow of EUR 0.7 million.12/2023 12/2022 MEUR MEUR Interest-bearing liabilities  incl. lease liabilities 195.9 189.3 Cash and cash equivalents  Group total 30.7 33.6 Net interest-bearing debt 165.2 155.7Net interest-bearing debt was EUR 165.2 (155.7) million and gearing increased to 117.6% (108.4%). The Group’s equity ratio at the end of the review period was 34.4% (34.7%). The net debt increase is primary a consequence of the green coaster investments and the Eastern exits.Net financial expenses in January–December totaled EUR -9.3 (-5.9) million. The average interest rate of interest-bearing liabilities  excluding lease liabilities  was 5.3% (3.3%)  causing Aspo’s interest expenses to grow.The Group’s liquidity position remained strong. Cash and cash equivalents stood at EUR 30.7 (33.6) million at the end of the review period. Committed revolving credit facilities  totaling EUR 40 million  were fully unused  as in the comparative period. Aspo’s EUR 80 million commercial paper program also was wholly unused at the end of the year 2023 and 2022.In December Aspo’s subsidiary ESL Shipping signed two loan agreements in total of EUR 37.6 million. The loan period for both loans is five years and they will be paid back in equal installments during the loan period. The loans were granted by OP Corporate Bank Plc and the loans were used to pay back existing loans of similar value.In December  when Electramar was delivered  AtoBatC Shipping AB withdrew EUR 8.1 million out of the EUR 32.2 million loan agreement with Svenska Skeppshypotek. The loan was signed in September 2022 to finance ESL Shipping’s investment in six new green coasters. The loan will be paid back in a time period of 15 years.In September Aspo signed a loan agreement of EUR 30 million for a three-year loan period extending the maturity of Aspo’s loan portfolio. The loan has been taken for general corporate purposes and refinancing a loan of similar value.ASPO’S BUSINESSESESL ShippingESL Shipping is the leading dry bulk sea transport company operating in the Baltic Sea area. ESL Shipping’s operations are mainly based on long-term customer contracts and established customer relationships. At the end of the review period  the shipping company’s fleet consisted of 43 vessels with a total capacity of 443 000 deadweight tons (dwt). Of these  24 were wholly owned (77% of the tonnage)  two were minority owned (2%) and the remaining 17 vessels (21%) were time chartered.ESL Shipping’s competitive edge is based on its pioneering role and ability to responsibly and energy efficiently secure product and raw material transportation for industries and energy production year-round  even in difficult conditions. The shipping company loads and unloads large ocean liners at sea as a special service.10-12/2023 10-12/2022 Change % 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 Change % Net sales  MEUR 49.3 63.3 -22 189.0 245.4 -23 Operating profit  MEUR 4.4 10.2 -57 17.7 38.2 -54 Operating profit  % 8.9 16.1 9.4 15.6 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -0.6 -0.3 -0.6 0.8 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 5.0 10.5 -52 18.3 37.4 -51 Comparable operating profit  % 10.1 16.6 9.7 15.2In the fourth quarter ESL Shipping’s net sales decreased by 22% from the previous all-time high year to EUR 49.3 (63.3) million. The comparable operating profit for the quarter decreased by 52% to EUR 5.0 (10.5) million  with the comparable operating profit rate being 10.1% (16.6%). In accordance with expectations  ESL Shipping’s result continued to recover in comparison to second and third quarter earnings  despite extremely stormy weather conditions in most of Continental Europe and Scandinavia and continued relatively low activity in certain customer industries  especially in the forest industry. Items affecting comparability amounted to EUR -0.6 (-0.3) million and included mainly advisory costs related to the sales process of a minority stake in ESL Shipping.During the fourth quarter  cargo volumes transported by ESL Shipping decreased from the comparative period to 3.3 (3.8) million tons. The negative development was largely driven by lower volume of energy coal shipments and lower capacity of coaster vessels. The last quarter is normally the busiest season for energy transportation  but as a result of the exceptional situation in the previous year involving additional security of supply shipments and safety stocking  volumes remained at low level during the review period. The overall freight market activity in Scandinavia and Continental Europe remained at a lower level compared to the previous year even though freight market conditions improved towards the end of the year.ESL Shipping’s handysize vessels had lower than expected overall volume demand during the fourth quarter of 2023 driven by a decrease in energy coal shipments whereas steel industry demand from long term partnership customers remained stable at satisfactory volume levels. Energy shipping markets started to pick up again towards the end of the year. In Q4 the handysize vessel capacity increased compared to the previous quarters due to the limited dockings.The shipping company’s coaster vessel volumes remained fairly good but due to the reduced capacity lower than previous year’s levels in steels  minerals  and chemicals. Forest industry experienced volume decrease especially in sawn timber. During the fourth quarter coaster vessel results were very negatively affected by the record high rate of weather-related delays such as suspension of pilotages  flooding and heavy rain leading into extremely inefficient and congested port operations. Additionally  the turbulent Finnish labour market situation resulted in overtime bans and strikes that severely disrupted normal port operations in Finland.Supramax vessels enjoyed firming spot market conditions in the fourth quarter. Both vessels were operated in premium trade with clearly improved  positive results and cashflow.During the fourth quarter one handysize vessel was stopped for maintenance for 10 days (0). The price of marine diesel fuel decreased in the fourth quarter somewhat from the previous quarter. The price of liquified natural gas LNG increased slightly due to seasonally higher demand. Overall  ship fuel prices were significantly lower during the fourth quarter than the levels experienced during the comparative period last year  impacting negatively on net sales. Energy price fluctuations are managed through neutral fuel clauses in long-term transportation agreements.The newbuilding project of ESL Shipping’s Swedish subsidiary AtoBatC Shipping AB at the Chowgule & Company Private Limited shipyard in India proceeded as planned during the fourth quarter. The first vessel in the series  Electramar  was delivered in December and is carrying project cargo from India to Scandinavia on her home voyage. The second vessel  Stellamar  was launched on October 1st and is expected to be delivered during the first quarter of 2024. Every other vessel in the series of 12 next-generation electric hybrid vessels will be sold  as announced earlier  to the company established by the pooling investor group. Stellamar is the first vessel to be sold further.In April 2023 Aspo announced that it initiated a program to accelerate ESL Shipping’s green transition through a program assessing three alternative measures  including a launch of a new investment pool of fossil-free vessels  a possible equity injection in ESL Shipping by a minority shareholder  and the sales of the shipping company’s two supramax vessels. As the first result of this assessment  Aspo signed in November an agreement with OP Finland Infrastructure LP regarding an equity investment into ESL Shipping and in February 2024 Varma decided on a co-investment alongside OP Finland Infrastructure. The closing of the transactions is expected to take place by the end of February 2024.During January–December ESL Shipping carried 12.8 (14.7) million tons of cargo. The shipping company’s Scope 1 carbon dioxide emissions amounted to 202 601 (218 016) tons. CO2 efficiency was 14.74 (14.26) grams of CO2 per tonmile.The net sales of ESL Shipping in January–December decreased by 23.0% from the comparative period  amounting to EUR 189.0 (245.4) million. The comparable operating profit halved to EUR 18.3 (37.4) million and the comparable operating profit rate was 9.7% (15.2%). Items affecting comparability amounted to EUR -0.6 (0.8) million and included mainly advisor costs related to strategic projects.ESL Shipping outlook for 2024Geopolitical tensions and related attacks against commercial shipping in Red Sea together with natural phenomena caused limitations to Panama Canal capacity are disturbing global supply chains. At the same time  more shipping capacity is needed to perform the same transport tasks due to an increase in distance travelled.ESL Shipping’s main markets in the Northern Baltic Sea  Scandinavia and Continental Europe are expected to continue low-cycle level of industrial activity. Despite that  to the shipping company important steel industry demand from long term partnership industries is expected to remain at good volume level. Forest industry is expected to be slowly recovering from the bottom of the cycle and overall volumes are expected to increase modestly.Full year financial performance is expected to improve from previous year despite that at the early part of the year the prevailing most severe winter ice conditions in ten years will affect result negatively. Also  the announced industrial actions in Finland are expected to cause supply chain disruptions. The new green coasters added to the fleet during 2024 will support the positive profit development of ESL Shipping.During 2024 vessels are expected to have approximately 80 (96) docking and maintenance days.TelkoTelko is a leading expert in and supplier of plastic raw materials  industrial chemicals  and lubricants. It operates as a sustainable partner in the value chain  bringing well-known international principals and customers together. Its competitive edge is based on strong technical support  efficient logistics  and local expert service. Telko operates in Finland  the Baltic countries  Scandinavia  Poland  Romania  Ukraine  Kazakhstan  Uzbekistan  and China.10-12/2023 10-12/2022 Change % 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 Change % Net sales  MEUR 49.0 54.3 -10 211.3 209.4 1 Operating profit  MEUR 2.3 2.2 5 8.0 8.2 -2 Operating profit  % 4.7 4.1 3.8 3.9 Items affecting comparability  MEUR 0.0 0.5 -1.0 -3.1 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 2.3 1.7 35 9.0 11.3 -20 Comparable operating profit  % 4.7 3.1 4.3 5.4In the fourth quarter of 2023  Telko’s net sales decreased by 10% to EUR 49.0 (54.3) million and its comparable operating profit increased to EUR 2.3 (1.7) million. Telko’s comparable operating profit rate was 4.7% (3.1%). Telko´s cashflow was very strong especially during the last quarter of the year. Inventory levels were further reduced during the quarter. The current inventory levels are well in balance with current demand.Net sales of the plastics business decreased by 16% during the fourth quarter  amounting to EUR 23.6 (28.1) million. Sales were lower than the previous year due to a lower price level in the market and business restructuring in Central Asia. However  sales volumes increased slightly when disregarding Central Asia. The average prices of polyolefins and engineering plastics were slightly in decline compared to the previous quarter  but clearly lower than the same time the previous year. Market demand for plastics remained modest during the quarter. Economic challenges in Europe resulted in lower production levels in most industries with long production breaks especially during the holiday season.Net sales of the chemicals business increased by 1% during the fourth quarter  amounting to EUR 12.7 (12.6) million. There was modest demand in most customer segments  partly because of an increasing number of shutdowns in process industries. However  there were no supply issues and in practice there was an oversupply of all products on the market. Development of Eltrex  acquired in Q1 2023  was in line with targets  and integration is ongoing with sales synergies building up. The price level has been relatively stable in chemicals. For the full year  western markets showed a relatively stable development  except in the Baltics  where demand was significantly lower than normally.Net sales of the lubricants business decreased by 7% to EUR 12.7 (13.6) million. Industrial lubricants continued to demonstrate very good sales development with a focus on high-performance products and metalworking fluids. In addition  positive market share development was boosted by several new customer projects that were initiated during the quarter. In automotive lubricants sales declined slightly driven by lower consumer demand. The automotive lubricants in Scandinavia continued to improve its result with a positive trend established  whereas in Finland and Baltics the market has been more challenging. The Marine lubricants sales were lower than expected.For the full year  the industrial lubricants had a very good result reaching all-time high level. Organic growth was achieved by taking market share in a declining market. Also  automotive lubricants in Scandinavia showed positive development during the year.Telko’s net sales increased by 1% during January–December to EUR 211.3 (209.4) million  driven by acquisitions. Telko’s comparable operating profit for the full year was EUR 9.0 (11.3) million  and its comparable operating profit rate was 4.3% (5.4%). Telko’s operating profit was at EUR 8.0 (8.2) million for January-December 2023 and the operating profit rate was 3.8% (3.9%).Telko outlook for 2024As a leading expert serving multiple industries  Telko is in a unique position to create value by improving its customers’ sustainability  productivity  and operational quality. The core of Telko´s strategy remains the same despite the significant changes in its business environment during last year. Telko´s growth efforts will increasingly be focused on Europe  and the main components of the company´s value proposition is unchanged.Demand is expected to remain slightly soft in key markets especially during the first half of 2024. Price levels are under pressure  but still expected to remain stable. Telko is well positioned in this market. Inventories are in line with current market conditions and opportunities for organic growth and positive market share development have been specified. Acquisitions are planned to support positive development. Telko serves industrial customers in various industries. The possible changes in demand will be softened by the heterogenic cyclicality of the diversified customer base  and hence Telko’s business is expected to remain fairly resilient to changes in overall market development.In plastics  market conditions are expected to remain challenging at least during the first half of 2024 due to an economic recession that is negatively impacting the average demand of the customer base. Inventories are well in line with current market conditions  and inventory rotation has improved. The latest development in the Red Sea will have some market impact  but it is still too early to anticipate the magnitude. These impacts could be  for example  shortages in supply and market price fluctuations. Telko's plastics business will continue to focus on high-quality specialty products  providing technical service  and improving our capabilities to offer sustainable plastic solutions.In chemicals  demand is expected to remain slightly soft on key markets. Price levels are stable  following raw material development. Ukraine is expected to suffer from extensive production shutdowns during the winter. There are good growth opportunities in mining and metals in Central Asia. Several suppliers have lowered their production output  which may result in shortages of commodities and will increase volatility in prices of certain product lines.Industrial lubricants sales is expected to maintain stable and continue to take market share. Slightly weaker demand in the first half of the year  followed by stronger second part of the year. Market prices and margins continue to be under pressure due to oversupply in the market. Prices for finished products are expected to remain stable  as base-oil and additives supply  and demand is balanced at the beginning of the year. In general  demand is still on the slow side. Automotive lubricants sales are estimated to be stable.During the first half of the year  Telko will start the distribution of industrial lubricants in Poland and the distribution of automotive lubricants in Denmark.The recent acquisitions have proved to be successful  and they have had a positive impact on the existing businesses. Telko aims to accelerate its growth through acquisitions to achieve its strategic goals in all three business areas and it has a solid pipeline of potential acquisitions. Telko remains confident of being able to increase the M&A pace. Telko will also seek to strengthen its market share in existing markets through organic growth.In order to secure good profitability  Telko will further strengthen its cost efficiency and continue developing its operating model towards better scalability and flexibility. Good inventory control and capital efficiency will continue to be a high priority for Telko. The asset-light business model of Telko enables better ability to utilize new business opportunities and to react to changes in the business environment.LeipurinLeipurin operates as part of the food chain  sourcing raw materials in global markets and from domestic companies and supplying them through its effective logistics chain to serve customer needs. With operations in six countries including Finland  Sweden  the Baltic countries  and Ukraine  Leipurin serves bakeries  the food industry  and food service customers by providing raw materials  supporting research & development  recipes  and innovations for new products.10-12/2023 10-12/2022 Change % 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 Change % Net sales  MEUR 33.9 35.3 -4 136.1 105.9 29 Operating profit  MEUR 1.0 0.2 400 5.6 -1.4 -500 Operating profit  % 2.9 0.6 4.1 -1.3 Items affecting comparability  MEUR 0.2 -0.3 1.4 -2.5 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 0.8 0.5 60 4.2 1.1 282 Comparable operating profit  % 2.4 1.4 3.1 1.0Leipurin’s net sales decreased by 4% during the fourth quarter to EUR 33.9 (35.3) million. The decrease in sales was primarily evident in commodity categories. The trend was supported by Leipurin’s ambition to focus on high value added market segments. In Finland net sales decreased by 1% to EUR 12.2 (12.3) million. In the Baltic countries  net sales decreased by 14% to EUR 8.6 (10.0) million. Net sales in Ukraine continued on a low level EUR 0.2 (0.2) million. Sweden was at previous year’s level EUR 12.9 million (12.9) despite growth of 8% in local currency (SEK). During the fourth quarter  sales to bakeries increased by 4% to EUR 24.7 (25.7) million. Sales to the food industry decreased by 14% to EUR 3.0 (3.5) million  driven by a decline in selected volume product categories with low margin contribution.The comparable operating profit for the fourth quarter stood at EUR 0.8 (0.5) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 2.4% (1.4%). The comparable operating profit was negatively impacted by price adjustments in certain product categories  write-offs of inventory caused by significantly decreased market prices of certain product categories  as well as short-term production challenges. Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR 0.2 (-0.3) million  included the sales gain related to the divestment of Leipurin’s equipment trading business in Finland. Leipurin’s operating profit for the fourth quarter was EUR 1.0 (0.2) million and operating profit rate 2.9% (0.6%).In January–December  Leipurin’s net sales increased by 29% to EUR 136.1 (105.9) million. Figures for the comparative period included EUR 4.3 million in net sales of the divested Vulganus Oy. Kobia AB acquired in September 2022 contributed to the net by EUR 50 million (17) and its share of Leipurin’s net sales was 37% during the period. The steep increase in raw material prices in global markets had a significant impact on the euro-denominated increase in sales  particularly in the first quarter and the beginning of the second quarter  flattening out towards the end of the year. Excluding the impact of Kobia AB  sales volume in kilos decreased by slightly over 10%.Leipurin’s comparable operating profit in January–December 2023 was EUR 4.2 (1.1) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 3.1% (1.0%). Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR 1.4 (-2.5) million  were mainly related to the gain on the sale and leaseback transactions of properties in Sweden and Lithuania  and to a lesser extent  to the divestment of the equipment trading business in Finland. The comparative period was mainly affected by the destroyed warehouse in Ukraine  items related to the divestment of Vulganus Oy  and acquisition of Kobia AB. The operating profit was EUR 5.6 (-1.4) million and operating profit rate 4.1% (-1.3%).Leipurin completed the sale and leaseback of the property in Gothenburg  Sweden during the first quarter  and the properties in Hässleholm and Tyresö  Sweden during the second quarter. These actions generated sales proceeds of EUR 13.6 million  which represents a significant share of the capital that was invested when acquiring Kobia AB. During the third quarter  Leipurin completed the sale and leaseback of the property in Kaunas  Lithuania at a sale price of EUR 1.1 million  and the goal going forward is to find modern and efficient facilities that are better suited to Leipurin Lithuania’s operations. During the fourth quarter  Leipurin divested its bakery equipment trading business in Finland for EUR 0.5 million  clarifying the business portfolio and improving focus. The transactions will not have a significant impact on profitability going forward but will free up management’s time to focus on Leipurin’s core business.Leipurin outlook for 2024From mid-2022 and throughout the year 2023  volumes have declined across the food chain. This is very untypical for the food sector  and hence a recovery has been expected. Despite signs of volume recovery  the current market has overall settled at slightly lower volume levels than a year ago. In this development  Leipurin has not been an outlier. However  Leipurin volumes have declined predominantly in the low-margin commodities and thereby improving the product mix  which contributes to enhanced profitability.Divesting the bakery equipment trading business enables an even better focus on food ingredients. Every Leipurin country has a growth and profitability improvement plan for 2024. The ongoing work to upgrade commercial activities  improve efficiency in the supply  and develop sourcing capabilities  is expected to improve financial performance also going forward. To strengthen growth and company positioning  Leipurin also evaluates possible acquisition opportunities.While 2022–2023 was defined by inflation-driven revenue growth  price development is expected to be more stable going forward. Due to this  and the divestments  organic revenue growth in 2024 is expected to be modest on Leipurin -segment level.Leipurin is entering 2024 from a strong position with Kobia successfully integrated  a new management structure in place  and with improved profitability as well as demonstrated capability to operate in volatile markets.Non-core businessesThe Non-core businesses segment includes Telko Russia and Belarus as well as Kauko GmbH previously reported in the Telko segment  Leipurin Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan previously reported in the Leipurin segment and ESL Shipping Russia previously reported in the ESL Shipping segment. The Non-core businesses segment was established to separate the results of the non-core businesses of Aspo from the results of the continuing businesses. The Non-core businesses segment is presented as discontinued operations. All the entities in the segment have either been sold or otherwise disposed of during the year 2023. Telko Russia was sold on April 30  2023 and Telko Belarus was deconsolidated on August 31  2023. Further  on December 31  2023 the Leipurin entities in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan were all deconsolidated. Thus  all the entities in the Non-core segment are excluded from Aspo Group’s financial reporting going forward.10-12/2023 10-12/2022 Change % 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 Change % Net sales  MEUR 3.6 11.0 -67 16.6 82.7 -80 Operating profit  MEUR -6.5 -14.5 -55 -16.1 -4.5 258 Operating profit  % -180.6 -131.8 -97.0 -5.4 Items affecting comparability  MEUR -6.7 -14.6 -16.4 -16.1 Comparable operating profit  MEUR 0.2 0.1 100 0.3 11.6 -97 Comparable operating profit  % 5.6 0.9 1.8 14.0The net sales of the Non-core businesses segment declined by 67% during the fourth quarter to EUR 3.6 (11.0) million. The comparable operating profit was EUR 0.2 (0.1) million and the comparable operating profit rate was 5.6% (0.9%). The negative net sales development was primarily driven by the divestment of Telko’s Russian business. The comparable operating profit was a result of Leipurin’s subsidiaries in Russia as well as minor positive net impact of currency fluctuations. The operating profit was EUR -6.5 (-14.5) million. The operating profit included EUR -6.7 (-14.6) million of items affecting comparability  which were caused by the write down of all assets in Leipurin Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan in connection with the deconsolidation as well as the reclassification of cumulative translation differences relating to these entities from equity to profit and loss.Aspo is still in the process of selling Leipurin entities in Russia and Kazakhstan  however  the sales process has prolonged and there is a lot of uncertainty around the transaction. Thus  at the end of the year 2023 Aspo concluded that  the control of the companies and their returns has ceased  resulting in the decision to deconsolidate the Leipurin entities in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan from Aspo Group. This resulted in the recognition of losses from the write down of the assets of the companies amounting to EUR -3.0 million  and in the reclassification of cumulative translation differences from equity to profit and loss of EUR -3.7 million  presented as items affecting comparability in the fourth quarter.In January–December  the net sales of the Non-core businesses segment decreased by 80% to EUR 16.6 (82.7) million. The comparable operating profit was EUR 0.3 (11.6) million  and the comparable operating profit rate was 1.8% (14.0%). Items affecting comparability  totaling EUR -16.4 (-16.1) million consisted of the divestment loss of Telko Russia EUR -8.1 million  the write down of Telko Russia’s inventory EUR -1.7 million  a loss of EUR -0 8 million for the deconsolidation of Telko’s subsidiary in Belarus  and EUR -5.8 million for the deconsolidation of Leipurin’s entities in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan. The operating profit was EUR -16.1 (-4.5) million  and the operating profit rate was -97.0% (-5.4%).Other operationsOther operations include Aspo Group’s administration  finance and ICT service center. In the fourth quarter the comparable operating profit of other operations was EUR -1.3 (-1.6) million. The operating profit of the quarter was EUR -1.3 (-1.7) million. An item affecting comparability of EUR -0.1 million was reported in the fourth quarter of 2022 and it related to corporate restructuring.In January–December the comparable operating profit of other operations was EUR -5.3 (-5.9) million and the operating profit was EUR -5.4 (-6.6) million. The improved profitability derives from some restructuring activities at Aspo Group level. The items affecting comparability of -0.1 million related to corporate restructuring costs. In 2022  the items affecting comparability of EUR -0.7 million were related to the additional share-based remuneration granted to Aspo’s previous CEO of EUR -0.5 million and to EUR -0.2 million of corporate restructuring expenses.COMPANY INFORMATIONAspo aims to achieve sustainable long-term growth by re-investing earned profits in profitable investment objects and by taking steps towards a compounder profile. Aspo enables growth for the businesses it owns and aims to improve their profitability and earnings by developing them and ensuring steady cash flows. The goal is to assume an even more active role in mergers  acquisitions  and other restructuring activities as well as in growth investments in the owned businesses. Aspo focuses especially on B-to-B industrial services  and its key clusters include logistics and trade.Key businesses in Aspo’s portfolio are ESL Shipping  Telko and Leipurin. They are responsible for their own operations and customer relationships  as well as for developing these. Sustainability is a key factor of Aspo’s management system and guides the process of targeting new investment opportunities.Share capital and sharesAspo Plc’s registered share capital on December 31  2023  was EUR 17 691 729.57  and the total number of shares was 31 419 779  of which the company held 16 244 shares  i.e. 0.05% of the share capital.Based on the authorization by the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting 2022  Aspo’s Board of Directors decided to start a repurchasing program of the company's own shares on March 9  2023. Additional treasury shares were needed for the purposes of the share-based incentive programs. During the period from March 9 to March 31  2023  Aspo acquired a total of 36 194 of its own shares in trading organized by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.A total of 3 850 treasury shares granted as share-based incentives were returned to Aspo in July in accordance with the terms of the incentive plan as the employment ended.Aspo Plc has one share series. Each share entitles the shareholder to one vote at the Shareholders’ Meeting. Aspo’s share is quoted on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd’s Mid Cap segment under Industrial Goods and Services.In January–December 2023  a total of 2 369 884 Aspo Plc shares  with a market value of EUR 16.2 million  were traded on Nasdaq Helsinki. In other words  7.5% of the shares changed hands. During the review period  the share price reached a high of EUR 8.70 and a low of EUR 5.50. The average price was EUR 6.83 and the closing price at the end of the review period was EUR 5.98. At the end of the review period  the market value  less treasury shares  was EUR 187.8 million.The company had 11 504 shareholders at the end of the review period. A total of 969 564 shares  or 3.09% of the share capital  were nominee registered or held by non-domestic shareholders.Proposal for distribution of fundsAspo’s target is an annually increasing dividend distribution. The Board of Directors proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 12  2024  that EUR 0.24 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2023 financial year  and that no dividend will be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. In addition  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide on a possible distribution of capital from the invested unrestricted equity fund in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share on a later date  if aligned with the growth strategy execution and considering the long term benefit of Aspo’s shareholders. If the maximum amount is distributed  a total maximum of EUR 0.47 (0.46) per share would be distributed in dividends and return of capital for the 2023 financial year. The authorization would be valid until the next Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.On December 31  2023  the parent company’s distributable funds totaled EUR 30 362 002.30  with the profit for the financial year totaling EUR 1 468 907.45. The funds in the Invested unrestricted equity reserve amount to EUR 21 150 592.47. There are a total of 31 403 535 shares entitling to dividends on the publication date of this financial statement release.The dividend of EUR 0.24 per share would be paid to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of April 16  2024. The Board of Directors proposes that the dividend be paid on April 23  2024. The Board of Directors will decide at its meeting scheduled to be held latest in November 2024  on the possible distribution of capital from the invested unrestricted equity fund in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share  which would be paid in November 2024 to shareholders who are registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date.Before the Board of Directors implements the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  it must assess  as required in the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act  whether the company’s liquidity and/or financial position has changed after the decision was made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting so that the prerequisites for the distribution of dividends stipulated in the Limited Liability Companies Act are no longer fulfilled. The fulfillment of the prerequisites stipulated in the Limited Liability Companies Act is a requirement for the implementation of the decision made at the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.RemunerationShare-based incentive plan 2023–2025On February 15  2023  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors approved a new incentive plan for the Group key employees by establishing a Performance Share Plan 2023–2025. The aim of the plan is to combine the objectives of the shareholders and the key employees in order to increase the value of the Company in the long-term  to retain the key employees at the Company  and to offer them competitive reward plan based on earning and accumulating the Company´s shares.Rewards earned from each of the three performance periods of the Performance Share Plan will be based on the Group’s Earnings per Share (EPS) and two criteria based on sustainability targets. The prerequisite for participation in the plan and for receipt of reward on the basis of the program is that a key person holds the Company's shares or acquires the Company's shares  up to the number predetermined by the Board of Directors.The potential reward will be paid partly in the Company´s shares and partly in cash in 2024  2025 and 2026. The cash proportion is intended to cover taxes and tax-related costs arising from the reward to a key employee. As a rule  no reward will be paid if a key employee´s employment or service ends before the reward payment. The shares paid as reward may not be transferred during the restriction period. As a rule  if a key employee´s employment contract or director contract terminates during the restriction period  he or she must gratuitously return the shares earned as reward.The Performance Share Plan 2023–2025 is directed to a maximum of 30 participants  including the members of the Group Executive Committee. The rewards to be paid on the basis of the plan correspond to the value of a maximum total of 320 000 Aspo Plc shares including also the proportion to be paid in cash.Share-based incentive plan 2022–2024On February 16  2022  Aspo Plc’s Board of Directors decided to establish a share-based incentive plan for 2022–2024. The share-based incentive plan consists of three earnings periods  with the earned reward being based on the Group’s earnings per share (EPS) and two sustainability indicators.The share-based incentive plan is directed at a maximum of 30 people  including the members of the Group Executive Committee. The potential reward will be paid partly in the company’s shares and partly in cash in 2023  2024 and 2025. The rewards payable based on the plan correspond to a maximum total value of 400 000 Aspo Plc shares  also including the proportion to be paid in cash.For the 2022 earnings period  the targets were met at 90% overall. On March 29  2023  Aspo Plc granted 76 050 treasury shares to employees included in the plan. The transfer was based on the share issue authorization of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 6  2022.Share-based incentive plan 2020In June 2022  Aspo’s Board of Directors granted 20 000 Aspo shares to Aspo’s CEO Rolf Jansson based on the share-based incentive plan for 2020 and the conditions of the CEO’s contract of service. 10 000 of the shares and an amount of cash equaling their value to cover taxes were transferred in June 2022 and at the same time  Jansson acquired 10 000 shares from the markets at his own expense in accordance with the contract. A second transfer of equal nature and quantity took place in June 2023.Decisions of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting 2023DividendAspo Plc’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 4  2023  decided  as proposed by the Board of Directors  that EUR 0.23 per share be distributed in dividends for the 2022 financial year  and that no dividend be paid for shares held by Aspo Plc. The dividend was paid on April 17  2023.In addition  the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide on another dividend distribution in the maximum amount of EUR 0.23 per share at a later date. The Board of Directors decided in its meeting on November 1  2023  of the second dividend distribution of EUR 0.23 per share. The dividend was paid on November 10  2023. Thus  Aspo distributed a total dividend of EUR 0.46 per share in 2023.All the decisions of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting can be found on www.aspo.com.The Board of Directors and the auditorAt the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  Patricia Allam  Tapio Kolunsarka  Mikael Laine  Salla Pöyry  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund were re-elected to the Board of Directors. Kaarina Ståhlberg was elected as a new member of the Board. At the Board's organizing meeting held after the Annual Shareholders' Meeting  Heikki Westerlund was elected as Chairman of the Board and Mikael Laine as Vice Chairman. At the meeting the Board decided to appoint Heikki Westerlund as Chair of the Human Resources and Remuneration Committee  and Tapio Kolunsarka  Salla Pöyry and Tatu Vehmas as committee members. At the meeting the Board also decided to appoint Kaarina Ståhlberg as Chair of the Audit Committee  and Patricia Allam  Mikael Laine and Tatu Vehmas as committee members.In 2023  the Board of Directors arranged 15 meetings. The participation rate was 99%.The authorized public accountant firm Deloitte Oy was re-elected as the company’s auditor. Deloitte announced that Jukka Vattulainen  APA  will be the auditor in charge. The auditor’s fee will be paid in accordance with an accepted invoice.Board authorizationsAuthorization of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of no more than 500 000 of the treasury shares. The authorization includes the right to accept treasury shares as a pledge. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2024 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Shareholders’ Meeting.In 2023  Aspo acquired a total of 36 194 of its own shares in trading organized by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of treasury sharesThe Annual Shareholders´ Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue  through one or several installments  to be executed by conveying treasury shares. An aggregate maximum amount of 2 500 000 shares may be conveyed based on the authorization. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2024 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Shareholders’ Meeting.In 2023  86 050 shares were conveyed based on the share-based incentive plans.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue of new sharesThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide on a share issue for consideration  or on a share issue without consideration for the Company itself. The authorization includes the right of the Board of Directors to decide on all of the other terms and conditions of the conveyance and thus also includes the right to decide on a directed share issue  in deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive right  if a compelling financial reason exists for the company to do so. The total number of new shares to be offered for subscription may not exceed 2 500 000. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2024 but not more than 18 months from the approval at the Shareholders’ Meeting.Authorization of the Board of Directors to decide on charitable contributionsThe Annual Shareholders’ Meeting authorized the Board of Directors to decide on contributions in the total maximum amount of EUR 100 000 for charitable or similar purposes  and to decide on the recipients  purposes and other terms of the contributions. The authorization is valid until the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in 2024.In 2023  donations of approximately EUR 10 000 were made.Proposals of the shareholders’ Nomination Board for the Shareholders’ Meeting 2024The Nomination Board of Aspo Plc’s shareholders consists of the representatives of the four largest shareholders. The following representatives of the largest shareholders were members of the Nomination Board which prepared proposals for the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2024: Roberto Lencioni  Chairman (Vehmas family  including AEV Capital Holding Oy); Gustav Nyberg (Nyberg family  including Oy Havsudden Ab); Pekka Pajamo  (Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company); and Annika Ekman (Ilmarinen Mutual Pension Insurance Company). In addition  Heikki Westerlund  Chairman of Aspo Board of Directors  has acted as an expert member of the Nomination Board.Annika Ekman abstained herself from the preparation and decision-making of the proposals for the 2024 Annual General Meeting and announced that she has resigned from being a member of the Nomination Board on November 13  2023. The Nomination Board did not elect a new member to replace the resigned member during this term because the minimum number of members according to the rules of procedure is met.The Nomination Board of Aspo Plc’s shareholders proposes to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting of Aspo Plc to be held on April 12  2024 that the Board of Directors will have seven members.Members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes that Patricia Allam  Tapio Kolunsarka  Mikael Laine  Kaarina Ståhlberg  Tatu Vehmas and Heikki Westerlund  all current members of the company's Board of Directors  be re-elected as members of the Board  and Annika Ekman be elected as a new member of the Board for the term starting at the end of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting 2024. Aspo's long-time board member and Human Resources and Remuneration Committee member Salla Pöyry  will step down from the Board of Directors after the current term.All of the aforementioned individuals proposed as members of the Board of Directors have given their consent to their appointment. The members of the Board of Directors elect a Chairman and a Vice Chairman from among its members. The proposed individuals have announced to the company that  if they are elected  they will elect Heikki Westerlund as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Mikael Laine as the Vice Chairman.Remuneration paid to the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Nomination Board proposes that the monthly fees of the board members remain unchanged:- EUR 3 000 per month for members of the Board of Directors- EUR 4 400 per month  for the Vice Chairman- EUR 6 000 per month  for the ChairmanThe Nomination Board proposes that the meeting fees paid to members of the Committees are EUR 800 per meeting and the meeting fee of the Chairmen of the Committees EUR 1 200 per meeting. If the Chairman of the Committee is also the Chairman or the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors  the Nomination Board proposes that the fee paid to the Chairman of the Committee is the same as that paid to members of the Committee. Board members having a full-time position in an Aspo Group company are not paid a fee.FINANCIAL INFORMATIONAspo Group’s condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income10-12/2023 10-12/2022 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Continuing operations Net sales 132.2 152.9 536.4 560.7 Other operating income 0.9 1.0 4.3 3.0 Materials and services -81.5 -93.4 -338.6 -332.2 Employee benefit expenses -12.2 -13.1 -48.5 -48.8 Depreciation  amortization  and impairment losses -4.9 -5.1 -19.3 -18.0 Depreciation and impairment losses  leased assets -3.8 -3.7 -14.2 -15.2 Other operating expenses -24.3 -27.7 -94.2 -111.1 Operating profit 6.4 10.9 25.9 38.4 Financial income and expenses -2.7 -1.9 -9.3 -5.9 Profit before taxes 3.7 9.0 16.6 32.5 Income taxes -0.7 -0.3 -0.4 -1.7 Profit from continuing operations 3.0 8.7 16.2 30.8 Profit from discontinued operation -6.8 -14.1 -14.6 -10.1 Profit for the period -3.8 -5.4 1.6 20.7 Other comprehensive income Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods: Translation differences 5.4 -7.2 12.2 -1.2 Cash flow hedging -0.1 -0.1 Other comprehensive income for the period  net of taxes 5.3 -7.2 12.1 -1.2 Total comprehensive income 1.5 -12.6 13.7 19.5 Profit attributable to parent company shareholders -3.8 -5.4 1.6 20.7 Total comprehensive income attributable to parent company shareholders 1.5 -12.6 13.7 19.5 Earnings per share attributable to parent company shareholders  EUR Basic and diluted earnings per share Continuing operations 0.08 0.23 0.45 0.93 Discontinued operations -0.21 -0.44 -0.46 -0.32 Total -0.13 -0.21 -0.01 0.61Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated balance sheet12/2023 12/2022 Assets MEUR MEUR Intangible assets 51.7 46.8 Tangible assets 169.0 178.4 Leased assets 22.5 15.9 Other non-current assets 2.5 1.5 Total non-current assets 245.7 242.6 Inventories 59.2 69.9 Accounts receivable and other receivables 74.1 69.3 Cash and cash equivalents 30.7 21.7 164.0 160.9 Assets held for sale 12.4 Total current assets 164.0 173.3 Total assets 409.7 415.9 Equity and liabilities Share capital and premium 22.0 22.0 Other equity 118.5 121.7 Total equity 140.5 143.7 Loans and overdraft facilities 138.5 154.3 Lease liabilities 8.3 4.6 Other liabilities 6.1 7.6 Total non-current liabilities 152.9 166.5 Loans and overdraft facilities 33.9 17.8 Lease liabilities 15.2 11.7 Accounts payable and other liabilities 67.2 72.3 116.3 101.8 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 3.9 Total current liabilities 116.3 105.7 Total equity and liabilities 409.7 415.9Aspo Group’s condensed consolidated cash flow statement1-12/2023 1-12/2022 MEUR MEUR CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES Operating profit  Group total 9.8 31.2 Adjustments to operating profit 45.2 50.6 Change in working capital 4.4 -6.7 Interest paid -9.2 -4.2 Interest received 0.8 0.3 Income taxes paid -3.4 -3.5 Net cash from operating activities 47.6 67.7 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES Investments -21.8 -17.8 Proceeds from sale of tangible assets 12.3 1.8 Acquisition of businesses -3.9 -17.9 Disposal of businesses*) -7.4 0.3 Dividends received 0.5 0.3 Net cash used in investing activities -20.3 -33.3 CASH FLOWS FROM/USED IN FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from loans 75.7 29.6 Repayment of loans -76.0 -18.7 Net change in commercial papers -5.0 Payments for purchase of own shares -0.3 Payments of lease liabilities -14.6 -16.2 Hybrid bond repayment -20.0 Proceeds from Hybrid bond issue 30.0 Hybrid bond  interest paid -2.6 -1.8 Hybrid bond  issuance fees paid -0.3 Dividends paid -14.4 -14.1 Net cash used in financing activities -32.3 -16.5 Change in cash and cash equivalents -5.0 17.9 Cash and cash equivalents January 1 33.6 17.7 Translation differences 0.1 0.0 Change in impairment of cash and cash equivalents 2.0 -2.0 Cash and cash equivalents at period-end  Group total 30.7 33.6 Cash and cash equivalents held for sale -11.9 Cash and cash equivalents in balance sheet 30.7 21.7*) In 2023 the cash flow from the sale of Telko’s subsidiary in Russia was EUR -4.4 million. The cash impact of the deconsolidation of the other entities in the Non-core businesses segment amounted to EUR -3.4 million in 2023. The cash impact of the sale of Leipurin’s bakery equipment business was EUR 0.4 million.Aspo Group consolidated statement of changes in equityShare capital and premiumOther reservesHybrid bondTranslation differencesRetained earningsTotalMEUR Equity January 1  2023 22.0 16.5 30.0 -26.0 101.2 143.7 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 1.6 1.6 Cash flow hedging -0.1 -0.1 Translation differences -3.0 -3.0 Reclassification of translation differences 15.2 15.2 Total comprehensive income -0.1 12.2 1.6 13.7 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -14.4 -14.4 Hybrid bond interest -2.6 -2.6 Purchase of own shares -0.3 -0.3 Share-based incentive plan 0.4 0.4 Total transactions -16.9 -16.9 with owners Equity December 31  2023 22.0 16.4 30.0 -13.8 85.9 140.5 Equity January 1  2022 22.0 16.5 20.0 -24.8 95.7 129.4 Comprehensive income: Profit for the period 20.7 20.7 Translation differences -1.2 -1.2 Total comprehensive income -1.2 20.7 19.5 Transactions with owners: Dividend payment -14.1 -14.1 Hybrid bond 10.0 10.0 Hybrid bond interest and -2.2 -2.2 issuance costs Share-based incentive plan 1.1 1.1 Total transactions 10.0 -15.2 -5.2 with owners Equity December 31  2022 22.0 16.5 30.0 -26.0 101.2 143.7Accounting principlesAspo Plc’s financial statement release has been prepared in accordance with the principles of IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. As of the beginning of the financial year  Aspo applies certain new or amended IFRS standards and IFRIC interpretations as described in the 2022 consolidated financial statements. In other respects  the same accounting and measurement principles have been applied as in the 2022 consolidated financial statements. The information in this financial statement release is unaudited.Aspo Plc applies the guidance on alternative key figures issued by ESMA. In addition to IFRS figures  the company releases other commonly used key figures  which are mainly derived from the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet. According to the management  key figures clarify the view drawn by the statement of comprehensive income and balance sheet of Aspo’s financial performance and financial position. The calculation principles of key figures are explained on page 64 of Aspo’s Year 2022 publication.PersonnelAt the end of the review period  Aspo Group had 712 employees (886 at the end of 2022  of which discontinued operations accounted for 130 employees).Segment informationAspo Group’s reportable segments are ESL Shipping  Telko  Leipurin and Non-core businesses.In the beginning of year 2023 Aspo started to report the eastern businesses held for sale in a new segment called Non-core businesses and at the same time  Aspo classified the new segment as discontinued operations. The comparative figures were restated for all segments impacted by this financial reporting restructuring. By the end of year 2023 all entities in the Non-core businesses segment have been sold or deconsolidated. Thus  the Non-core businesses segment will cease to exist as per 31.12.2023.The Non-core businesses segment includes Telko Russia and Belarus as well as Kauko GmbH previously reported in the Telko segment  Leipurin Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan previously reported in the Leipurin segment as well as ESL Shipping Russia previously reported in the ESL Shipping segment. The Non-core businesses segment was established to separate the results of the non-core businesses of Aspo from the results of the continuing businesses.Reconciliation of segment operating profit to the Group's profit before taxes from continuing operations 1-12/2023 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 17.7 8.0 5.6 -5.4 25.9 Net financial expenses -9.3 -9.3 Profit before taxes 16.6 1-12/2022 ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Unallocated Group MEUR items total Operating profit 38.2 8.2 -1.4 -6.6 38.4 Net financial expenses -5.9 -5.9 Profit before taxes 32.5The unallocated operating profit of EUR -5.4 (-6.6) million includes the result of other operations.Discontinued operations and other non-current assets and disposal groups held for saleThe Non-core businesses segment was established in the beginning of the year and classified as discontinued operations in accordance with the IFRS 5 standard. In the statement of comprehensive income  the figures for the comparative periods have been restated. In the comparative periods the discontinued operations also include the figures of Kauko Oy  which was sold on October 31  2022.The divestment of Telko’s Russian subsidiary was completed during the second quarter. The company was sold to the Russian industrial operator GK Himik. The sales price received was EUR 5.7 million which materially corresponded to the carrying value of the divested company's net assets considering the impairment losses recognized already in 2022 and the valuation adjustments done in 2023. The loss on divestment was EUR -8.1 million  including accumulated translation differences of EUR -10.2 million that were reclassified from the translation reserve in equity to other operating expenses in profit and loss. The costs to sell amounted to EUR -0.6 million.Telko’s subsidiary in Belarus was deconsolidated from Aspo Group during the third quarter. The company is currently in liquidation. The recognized loss was EUR -0.8 million  including accumulated translation differences of EUR -1.0 million that were reclassified from the translation reserve in equity to other operating expenses in the profit and loss.Aspo is still in the process of selling Leipurin entities in Russia and Kazakhstan  however  the sales process has prolonged and there is a lot of uncertainty around the transaction. Thus  at the end of the year 2023 Aspo concluded that the control of the companies and their returns has ceased  resulting in the decision to deconsolidate the Leipurin entities in Russia  Belarus and Kazakhstan from Aspo Group. This resulted in the recognition of losses from the write down of the assets of the companies amounting to EUR -3.0 million  and in the reclassification of cumulative translation differences from equity to profit and loss of EUR -3.7 million in the fourth quarter. In January–December 2023 the total cost for the disposal of Leipurin east was EUR -5.8 million  consisting of EUR -2.1 from write down of the assets of the companies  and reclassification of cumulative translation differences of EUR -3.7 million.Profit from discontinued operations 10-12/2023 10-12/2022 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR Net sales 3.6 11.8 16.6 91.9 Other operating income 0.0 0.1 0.0 0.3 Materials and services -3.4 -17 -14.4 -77.6 Employee benefit expenses -0.3 -1.2 -2.1 -7.1 Depreciation  amortization and impairment losses -0.2 -1.6 -0.1 -3.1 Depreciation  leased assets -0.1 -1.0 -0.2 -1.5 Other operating expenses -6.1 -6.8 -15.9 -10.1 Operating profit -6.5 -15.7 -16.1 -7.2 Financial income and expenses -0.1 2.6 1.8 -0.4 Profit before taxes -6.6 -13.1 -14.3 -7.6 Income taxes -0.2 -1.0 -0.3 -2.5 Profit for the period -6.8 -14.1 -14.6 -10.1Net cash flows of discontinued operations 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 MEUR MEUR Net cash inflow from operating activities 0.6 20.7 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from investing activities -7.8 -1.0 Net cash inflowithoutflow(-) from financing activities -0.4 -2.1 Net change in cash generated by the discontinued operations-7.6 17.6Net cash flows of discontinued operations consist of the Non-core businesses segment’s share of Aspo Group’s cash flows. In the comparison periods the figures also include Kauko Oy’s cash flows.The cash flow from the sale of Telko’s subsidiary in Russia was EUR -4.4 million and it is presented in the cash flow from investing activities. The cash received as purchase consideration was EUR 5.7 million and the divested company’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to EUR 10.1 million. The cash impact of the deconsolidation of the other entities in the Non-core businesses segment amounted to EUR -3.4 million in 2023.In 2022  the cash flow from the divestment of Kauko Oy EUR -1.0 million is included in the cash flow from investing activities. The cost to sell Kauko of EUR -0.4 million is presented in the cash flow from operating activities. The cash flow from financing mainly consisted of repayments of Kauko Oy’s interest-bearing loans in 2022.Assets and liabilities classified as held for sale 12/2023 12/2022 MEUR MEUR Other assets held for sale 12.4 Assets classified as held for sale  total 12.4 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale 3.9 Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale  total3.9At the end of the year 2023 the entities reported in the Non-core business segment do not have any assets or liabilities left as all the companies have been deconsolidated from Aspo Group. At the end of the year 2022 the assets and liabilities held for sale include the assets and liabilities of the entities reported in the Non-core businesses segment.Acquisition of EltrexOn 31 January 2023  Telko acquired Eltrex  a Polish distributor of specialty chemicals and industrial packaging materials  with net sales of approximately EUR 8 million and operating profit slightly less than EUR 1.0 million in 2022.The estimated total consideration of EUR 5.0 million will be paid fully in cash  and EUR 3.9 million has already been paid. The rest of the consideration will be paid in the years 2024 and 2025 based on the earn-out clause of the purchase agreement. The assets and liabilities of the acquired company were measured at fair value on the acquisition date. A fair value adjustment of EUR 3.1 million was made on intangible assets based on customer relationships  non-compete clauses and trademarks  and the fair value adjustment relating to inventories was EUR 0.1 million. The deferred tax liability arising from the fair value adjustments was EUR 0.6 million. The carrying amount of the other acquired assets and liabilities corresponded to their fair values. A goodwill balance of EUR 1.4 million was recognized from the acquisition. The acquisition-related costs of approximately EUR 0.4 million were recognized in the Telko segment’s other operating expenses.Acquisition calculation of Eltrex 12/2023 MEUR Consideration Paid in cash 5.0 Total consideration 5.0 Assets acquired and liabilities assumed  fair value Intangible assets 3.4 Leased assets 0.6 Inventories 1.4 Accounts receivable and other receivables 1.1 Total assets 6.5 Interest bearing liabilities 1.3 Accounts payable and other liabilities 1.0 Deferred tax liability 0.6 Total liabilities 2.9 Net assets acquired 3.6 Goodwill 1.4Aspo Group disaggregation of net sales from continuing operationsTelko net sales 10-12/2023 10-12/2022 Change 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 Change MEUR MEUR % MEUR MEUR % Business area: Plastics business 23.6 28.1 -16 101.4 110.1 -8 Chemicals business 12.7 12.6 1 59.4 49.2 21 Lubricants business 12.7 13.6 -7 50.5 50.1 1 Telko total 49.0 54.3 -10 211.3 209.4 1Leipurin net sales 10-12/2023 10-12/2022 Change 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 Change MEUR MEUR % MEUR MEUR % Regions: Finland 12.2 12.3 -1 49.3 46.6 6 Sweden 12.9 12.9 0 50.2 17.3 190 Baltics 8.6 10.0 -14 35.8 36.8 -3 Ukraine 0.2 0.2 0 0.8 0.9 -11 Total 33.9 35.4 -4 136.1 101.6 34 of which: Bakeries 24.7 25.7 -4 99.7 74.9 33 Food Industry 3.0 3.5 -14 11.9 11.8 1 Retail  foodservice  other 6.2 6.2 0 24.5 14.9 64 Vulganus -0.1 -100 4.3 -100 Leipurin total 33.9 35.3 -4 136.1 105.9 29Net sales by timing of revenue recognition 10-12/2023 10-12/2022 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping At a point in time 0.1 0.6 0.2 3.5 Over time 49.2 62.7 188.8 241.9 49.3 63.3 189.0 245.4 Telko At a point in time 48.8 54.2 210.8 209.0 Over time 0.2 0.1 0.5 0.4 49.0 54.3 211.3 209.4 Leipurin At a point in time 33.9 35.3 136.1 102.6 Over time 0.0 0.0 0.0 3.3 33.9 35.3 136.1 105.9 Total At a point in time 82.8 90.1 347.1 315.1 Over time 49.4 62.8 189.3 245.6 132.2 152.9 536.4 560.7Net sales by market area 10-12/2023 10-12/2022 1-12/2023 1-12/2022 MEUR MEUR MEUR MEUR ESL Shipping Finland 29.2 32.6 99.4 121.5 Scandinavian countries 13.2 11.9 53.4 58.5 Baltic countries 0.0 0.5 0.4 2.9 Other European countries 5.1 10.9 26.1 48.2 Other countries 1.8 7.4 9.7 14.3 49.3 63.3 189.0 245.4 Telko Finland 11.7 13.7 48.5 53.5 Scandinavian countries 12.8 14.1 54.9 61.7 Baltic countries 6.1 7.7 27.7 28.3 Other European countries 10.9 9.5 46.8 39.0 Other countries 7.5 9.3 33.4 26.9 49.0 54.3 211.3 209.4 Leipurin Finland 12.4 12.3 49.5 49.4 Scandinavian countries 12.5 12.7 49.3 17.4 Baltic countries 8.6 9.9 35.7 36.6 Other European countries 0.4 0.4 1.6 2.4 Other countries 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.1 33.9 35.3 136.1 105.9 Total Finland 53.3 58.6 197.4 224.4 Scandinavian countries 38.5 38.7 157.6 137.6 Baltic countries 14.7 18.1 63.8 67.8 Other European countries 16.4 20.8 74.5 89.6 Other countries 9.3 16.7 43.1 41.3 132.2 152.9 536.4 560.7Investments by segment ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Non-core Group MEUR businesses total Investments 1-12/2023 20.7 0.9 0.1 0.1 21.8 Investments 1-12/2022 16.5 1.1 0.2 0.0 17.8Green coaster investment commitmentAtoBatC Shipping AB  reported in the ESL Shipping segment  is building a series of six highly energy-efficient electric hybrid vessels at the Chowgule and Company Private Limited shipyard in India. The new vessels of ice class 1A will be top of the line in terms of their cargo capacity  technology and innovation. The total value of the six-vessel investment is approximately EUR 70 million  and its cash flows will be divided mainly for the years 2023 and 2024. In 2023 the investment in green coasters have been EUR 14.2 million including one delivered vessel named Electramar and advance payments for the other green coasters under construction.Segment assets and liabilities ESL ShippingTelko Leipurin Held for Unallocated Group MEUR sale items total Assets Dec 31  2022 224.8 85.7 68.5 12.4 24.5 415.9 Assets Dec 31  2023 241.5 74.5 58.8 34.9 409.7 Liabilities Dec 31  2022 32.3 34.4 16.4 3.9 185.2 272.2 Liabilities Dec 31  2023 31.8 33.2 19.2 185.0 269.2Events after the review periodOn January 2  2024  Aspo signed a revolving credit facility agreement amounting to EUR 20 million. The credit is being granted by Nordea Bank Abp. The maturity of the revolving credit facility agreement is two years plus an option for one additional year. The agreement will replace a prior revolving credit facility agreement of the same amount which had remained unused.On February 8  2024  Aspo announced that Varma Mutual Pension Insurance Company has agreed to co-invest EUR 15 million alongside OP Finland Infrastructure LP in Aspo’s subsidiary ESL Shipping. As a result  the combined investment into ESL Shipping managed by OP Finland Infrastructure LP rises to total of EUR 45 million at the closing of the transaction. The combined EUR 45 million investment managed by OP Finland Infrastructure LP will be made against issuance of new shares in ESL Shipping with an agreed pre-money equity valuation of EUR 165 million  corresponding to a 21.43% ownership stake in ESL Shipping.Helsinki  February 15  2024Aspo PlcBoard of DirectorsPress and analyst conferenceA press  analyst and investor conference will be held at FLIK’s Eliel studio in Sanomatalo  Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki on Friday February 16  2024 at 10:30 a.m. The event is also open to private investors  and participants are requested to register beforehand by emailing viestinta@aspo.com.The financial statement release will be presented by CEO Rolf Jansson. The presentation material will be available at www.aspo.com/en before the event.The event will be held in English  and it can also be followed by a live webcast at https://aspo.videosync.fi/q4-2023. Questions can be asked after the event by telephone by registering through the following link: https://palvelu.flik.fi/teleconference/?id=50048701. After registering  participants will be given a telephone number and identifier to participate in the telephone conference. The recording of the event will be available on the company’s website later on the same day.Note: Because the future estimates presented in this report are based on the current situation and knowledge  they involve significant risks and other uncertainties  due to which actual future outcomes may differ from the estimates.Helsinki  February 16  2024Aspo PlcRolf Jansson Arto MeitsaloFurther information  please contact:Rolf Jansson  CEO  Aspo Plc  tel. +358 400 600 264  rolf.jansson@aspo.comDistribution:Nasdaq HelsinkiKey mediawww.aspo.comAspo creates value by owning and developing business operations sustainably and in the long term. Our companies aim to be market leaders in their sectors. They are responsible for their own operations  customer relationships and the development of these aiming to be forerunners in sustainability. Aspo supports its businesses profitability and growth with the right capabilities. Aspo Group has businesses in 13 different countries  and it employs a total of approximately 700 professionals.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.01,positive,0.87,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['Aspo Group financial statement release', 'January', 'December', 'Aspo Group financial statement release', 'comparable operating profit rate', 'Solid fourth quarter', 'new segment structure', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'Free cash flow', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Group total level', 'operating activities', '2023 financial year', 'total maximum', 'Net cash', 'Aspo Plc', 'future growth', 'comparative periods', 'Net sales', 'ESL Shipping', 'maximum amount', 'later date', 'growth strategy', 'long-term benefit', 'More information', 'Continuing operations', 'Other operations', 'discontinued operations', 'corresponding period', 'Key figures', 'possible distribution', 'February', 'January', 'December', 'platform', 'brackets', 'beginning', 'October', 'Telko', 'Leipurin', 'Earnings', 'Items', 'comparability', 'Guidance', 'Proposal', 'Board', 'Directors', 'funds', 'April', 'dividends', 'addition', 'capital', 'EUR', 'return', 'section', 'taxes', '8:00', '2022', '2024']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,marketscreener.com
36321,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/16/2830551/0/en/ART-SHARE-002-S-A-the-sole-holder-of-the-iconic-artwork-from-Francis-Bacon-Three-Studies-for-Portrait-of-George-Dyer-1963-launches-the-initial-offering-of-its-Class-B-Shares-at-a-p.html,ART SHARE 002 S.A  the sole holder of the iconic artwork from Francis Bacon 'Three Studies for Portrait of George Dyer  1963' launches the initial offering of its Class B Shares at a price in EUR equivalent of USD 100 per Class B Share.,This marks the inaugural listing on ARTEX Stock Exchange  introducing the first ever Art Listing  providing a multilateral trading facility for investment and trading in this new asset class.,"This marks the inaugural listing on ARTEX Stock Exchange  introducing the first ever Art Listing  providing a multilateral trading facility for investment and trading in this new asset class.Luxembourg  16 February 2024Art Share 002 S.A. (the “Issuer”)  a public limited liability company incorporated in Luxembourg  today announces the launch of the initial offering based on its underlying asset - the triptych ‘Three Studies for Portrait of George Dyer’ by Francis Bacon (the “Artwork”)  ahead of the intended admission of its Class B redeemable shares (EUR)  having the ISIN: LU2583605592 (the “Class B Shares”) to trading on the regulated market ARTEX MTF AG (the “ARTEX Stock Exchange”).The Issuer qualifies as a securitisation vehicle governed by the Luxembourg law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation  as amended  offering its Class B Shares to certain investors  shares which will subsequently be traded in the regulated ARTEX Stock Exchange under the symbol ""BAC1EU"".The initial offering (the “Offering”) is being made by way of a placement to qualified and/or institutional investors  as defined in the Issuer’s offering memorandum (the “Offering Memorandum”). The Offering consists of a minimum of 412 500 Class B Shares corresponding to 75% of all Class B Shares  and a maximum of up to 550 000 Class B Shares  at a fixed price in EUR equivalent to USD 100 per Class B Share.The Class B Shares will be offered at an aggregate valuation in EUR equivalent of USD 55 million. The Artwork was previously purchased at auction at Christie’s in May 2017 for USD 51.7 million.Closing of the Offering and the fixing of the EUR price per Class B Share is expected to take place on 29 February 2024.Trading of the Class B Shares on the ARTEX Stock Exchange is expected to start on 8 March 2024.This transaction has received strong early interest from investors and will take place in a very dynamic art market environment.H.S.H. Prince Wenceslas of Liechtenstein  co-founder and Chairman of ARTEX Stock Exchange  commented: ""Today marks an important milestone as we plan to admit our first art initial offering on the ARTEX Stock Exchange  featuring a distinguished masterpiece by the great British artist Francis Bacon. Our ambition is to create the world’s leading fully transparent  universally accessible  and secure trading venue for art. This first offering paves the way for many more to come.""Yassir Benjelloun-Touimi  co-founder and CEO of ARTEX Stock Exchange  added: ""We are very proud to finally announce the launch of the world’s first art listing  with this amazing triptych from Francis Bacon ""Three Studies for Portrait of George Dyer."" It is another step on the long journey we embarked upon 3 years ago and the relentless pursuit of democratising investment in art  in pursuit of our goal of making it accessible to all.Francis Bacon  Three Studies for Portrait of George Dyer  1963 © The Estate of Francis Bacon. All rights reserved  DACS 2024 / Photo by The Makers PhotographyThe Offering Memorandum in relation to Art Share 002 S.A.’s Class B Shares is available for qualified investors on its website www.artshare002.com. It relates to the admission to trading and listing on the ARTEX Stock Exchange  a multilateral trading facility (“MTF”  as defined within the MiFID II legislation) regulated by the Liechtenstein Financial Market Authority  of Class B Shares (EUR) of the Issuer.Offering highlightThe Issuer’s aim is to democratise access to a great masterpiece  Francis Bacon’s iconic triptych Three Studies for Portrait of George Dyer  1963. Qualified investors (as defined in the Offering Memorandum) are provided the opportunity to subscribe for Class B Shares in the Offering  thereby investing (indirectly) in the Artwork. The Artwork offers these qualified investors an opportunity to preserve their capital and diversify their portfolios by investing in a newly liquid asset class. Following the listing on ARTEX Stock Exchange  the Class B Shares will also be accessible for secondary market trading to the public.It is intended that the Artwork to be displayed  on loan. To cultural institutions such as museums to enhance accessibility to the public. This will add a unique social impact dimension to the investment and contribute to the goal of the democratisation of iconic artwork.Lock-up arrangementsThe Remaining Shares to be held by the Seller are subject to the following placement restrictions:During the first 3 months from the offering  the Seller shall not be able to place any of the Remaining Shares;following the period of 3 months from the offering  the Seller shall have the option to direct the Company to place on ARTEX MTF one third of the Remaining Shares.following the period of 4 months and 15 calendar days from the offering  the Seller shall have the option to direct the Company to further place on ARTEX MTF one third of the Remaining Shares; andfollowing the period of 6 months from the offering  the Seller shall have the option to direct the Company to further place on ARTEX MTF any balance of Remaining Shares then held.The Seller has empowered the Company to have the option to place at all times any of the Remaining Shares at a price in excess of the Offer Price  subject to such Remaining Shares being issued at a maximum discount of 3% to the average closing market price for the previous 5 Business Days  unless otherwise agreed between the Company and the Seller.Dividend policyThe Company does not otherwise anticipate generating net profits and thus does not expect to pay any dividends on the Offered Shares in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to pay dividends will be made in accordance with applicable laws and the Company’s Articles.Indicative timetable of the OfferingThe Start of the offering period was 16 February 2024.was 16 February 2024. The end of the offering period and allocation is expected to take place on 29 February 2024.is expected to take place on 29 February 2024. Settlement is expected to take place on 7 March 2024.is expected to take place on 7 March 2024. Admission and trading of the Class B Shares on ARTEX Stock Exchange is planned to start on 8 March 2024 with the following: Ticker Symbol : BAC1EU ISIN: LU2583605592 WKN: A3D7ZH CFI Code: ESXXXRof the Class B Shares on ARTEX Stock Exchange is planned to start on 8 March 2024 with the following:Orders and subscriptionsZeus Capital Limited (“Zeus”)  a UK Investment Bank regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK  is acting as the Bookrunner for the Offering. The initial offer shall be settled through Zeus’s settlement agent  Pershing Securities a subsidiary of BNY Mellon.For questions  subscriptions and requests for assistance in connection with the initial offer we direct you to:Zeus Capital LimitedBen Robertson (Head of ECM)ben.robertson@zeuscapital.co.uk125 Old Broad Street  12th Floor  London  EC2N 1ARwww.zeuscapital.co.ukAdditional placement agents may be appointed in connection with the Offering and will be communicated on the website of the Issuer (www.artshare002.com).Information available to qualified investorsThe Offering Memorandum may be obtained in electronic or printed form  free of charge  upon request at Art Share 002 S.A.  during regular business hours  at the registered office of the Issuer located at 16  rue E. Ruppert  L-2453 Luxembourg  Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. The Offering Memorandum is also available in electronic form on the website of ARTEX Stock Exchange ((www.artex-stockexchange.com)  and on the website of the Issuer (www.artshare002.com).The Issuer draws the investors’ attention to the Offering Memorandum and especially to the risk factors described in the Offering Memorandum. The occurrence of one or more of these risks may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business  reputation  financial position  results or outlook  as well as the market price of its Class B Shares.Partnerships of ARTEX Stock ExchangeThe ARTEX Stock Exchange offers a continuous trading model in connection with auctions. It starts with an opening auction  followed by continuous trading via a central limit order book. The trading ends with a closing auction. The Artex Stock Exchange participants consist of members and market makers which facilitate the trading of the Class B Shares by the Issuer to trade with a certain liquidity.ARTEX Stock Exchange has secured partnerships with SIX AG (“SIX”)  a well-established infrastructure service provider. SIX will provide clearing services via SIX x-clear AG and real market data feed via SIX Exfeed AG. The settlement of Class B Shares on the secondary market will happen through the bridge offered via Euroclear and Clearstream. UnaVista  an LSEG business  will support ARTEX Stock Exchange in fulfilling its information exchange and reporting to the relevant supervisory bodies.* * *About Art Share 002 S.A.Art Share 002 is a public limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg existing as a securitisation undertaking (organisme de titrisation) within the meaning of the Securitisation Law. It has been set-up to issue shares  tracking the economic risk associated with the Artwork and any other associated risk within the meaning of article 53 of the Luxembourg law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation  as amended  financed inter alia by the issuance of the Class B Shares.Art Share 002 was established to facilitate fractional investment in the Artwork through the issuance of the Class B Shares (i.e.  undertaking a securitisation transaction of the Artwork).The principal activity of Art Share 002 is to hold and securitise the Artwork  as well as assuming risks  existing or future  relating to the holding of the Artwork. Its principal activities to date have been limited to organisational activities  including entering into certain agreements (i) for the acquisition of the Artwork and (ii) those necessary for the preparation and execution of the Offering  it’s admission and listing on the ARTEX Stock Exchange.Art Share 002 is managed by a board of directors who are Mrs Ursula Schmidt  Mr Edouard de Burlet and Mr Ronan Le Bouc.Art Share 002 does not expect to generate revenues or cashflows from lending  for free  the Artwork to cultural institutions such as museums. It will not conduct any business activities except for activities relating to the ownership  maintenance and promotion of the Artwork and  as such  these activities shall be limited to a passive administration of the ownership of the Artwork.The strategy will be to display and promote the Artwork in a manner designed to improve public understanding of it.About ARTEXARTEX Stock Exchange operates a secure and liquid art focused traditional stock exchange  regulated and supervised by the Financial Markets Authority of Liechtenstein within the European MiFID II legislative framework. Providing easy access to a traditionally exclusive fine art market  ARTEX Stock Exchange aims to democratise investing in artworks from the world’s greatest masters  spanning a period from the Renaissance to the twentieth century. ARTEX Stock Exchange-listed masterpieces will be on public display  in museums and exhibitions around the world. ARTEX Stock Exchange will strive to empower investors by offering the latest news  market insights and educational content to allow wider participation in art investing. ARTEX Stock Exchange was co-founded in 2020 by art enthusiasts and financial markets experts H.S.H. Prince Wenceslas of Liechtenstein and Yassir Benjelloun-Touimi.ARTEX Stock Exchange” is a multilateral trading facility operated by ARTEX MTF AG  a company incorporated in the Principality of Liechtenstein under company number FL-0002.682.571-2 with registered offices at Wuhrstrasse 6  9490 Vaduz  Liechtenstein.ARTEX Stock Exchange is regulated by the Financial Markets Authority under reference number 307407.For more information about ARTEX  please visit www.artex-stockexchange.comPress contactsFrance and GlobalAliénor Miens | Alienor.miens@margie.fr | +33 (0)6 64 32 81 75Bertrand Chambenois | Bertrand.chambenois@margie.fr | +33 (0)6 11 84 34 92DISCLAIMERThis document is an announcement and not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)  and as such does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to purchase securities of Art Share 002 S.A. (the “Issuer”).These materials do not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation to purchase or subscribe for  or otherwise invest in  securities in the United States. The securities mentioned herein have not been  and will not be  registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”). The securities may not be offered or sold in the United States (as such term is defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. There will be no public offer of securities in the United States.In any member state of the European Economic Area  this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in such member state within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation  and no person that is not a qualified investor may act or rely on this communication or any of its contents.In so far as forecasts or expectations are expressed in this investor relations news or where our statements concern the future  these forecasts  expectations  or statements may involve known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Actual results or developments may vary  depending on changes in the operating environment. The Company does not assume an obligation to update the forecasts  expectations or statements contained in this release. The information contained in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance may be placed by any person for any purpose on the information contained in this announcement or its accuracy  fairness  or completeness. This announcement is not for publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into Australia  South Africa  Canada  Japan  New Zealand or the United States (including its territories and possessions  any State of the United States) or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction. The distribution of this announcement may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Offered Shares may not be offered or sold in the United States unless registered under the Securities Act except pursuant to a transaction exempt from  or not subject to  the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Offer and sale of the Offered Shares has not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or under the applicable securities laws of Australia  South Africa  Canada or Japan and New Zealand. Subject to certain exceptions  the Offered Shares may not be offered or sold in Australia  Canada or Japan  New Zealand or to  or for the account or benefit of  any national  resident or citizen of Australia  Canada  or Japan. There will be no public offer of the Offered Shares in Australia  Canada  Japan  New Zealand  the United States. In the United Kingdom  this announcement is being distributed only to  and is directed only at  persons who: (A) (i) are “investment professionals” specified in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the ""Order"") and/or (ii) fall within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (and only where the conditions contained in those Articles have been  or will at the relevant time be  satisfied); and (B) are “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) as it forms part of retained EU law as defined in the EU (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (all such persons together being referred to as ""Relevant Persons"").In the European Economic Area (the ""EEA"")  this announcement is addressed only to and directed only at  persons in member states who are ""qualified investors"" within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation ((EU) 2017/1129) (""Qualified Investors""). This announcement must not be acted on or relied on (i) in the United Kingdom  by persons who are not Relevant Persons  and (ii) in any member state of the EEA  by persons who are not Qualified Investors.Any investment or investment activity to which this announcement relates is available only to: (i) in the United Kingdom  Relevant Persons; and (ii) in any member state of the EEA  Qualified Investors  and will be engaged in only with such persons. For the avoidance of doubt  no offer to the public will made in the United Kingdom and no application will be made for the Offered Shares to be traded on a regulated market in the United Kingdom. This announcement may include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements may be identified by using forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""estimates""  ""plans""  ""projects""  ""anticipates""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"" or  in each case  their negative or other variations or comparable terminology  or by discussions of strategy  plans  objectives  goals  future events or intentions. Forward-looking statements may and often do differ materially from actual results. Any forward-looking statements reflect the Company's current view with respect to future events and are subject to risks relating to future events and other risks  uncertainties and assumptions relating to the Company's business  results of operations  financial position  liquidity  prospects  growth  and strategies. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Each of the Company and Zeus Capital Limited  expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statement contained in this announcement whether as a result of new information  future developments or otherwise. Any subscription or purchase of Offered Shares in the possible Offer should be made solely on the basis of information contained in the Offering Memorandum which may be issued by the Company in connection with the possible Offer. The information in this announcement is subject to change. Before subscribing for or purchasing any Offered Shares  persons viewing this announcement should ensure that they fully understand and accept the risks which will be set out in the Offering Memorandum if published. No reliance may be placed for any purpose on the information contained in this announcement or its accuracy or completeness. Neither this announcement  nor the references herein to the Offering Memorandum  shall form the basis of or constitute any offer  or any solicitation of any offer to purchase or subscribe for any Offered Shares nor shall it (or any part of it) or the fact of its distribution  form the basis of  or be relied on in connection with  any contract thereof. The Company may decide not to go ahead with the initial offer and there is therefore no guarantee that the admission will occur. You should not base any financial decision on this announcement. Acquiring investments to which this announcement relates may expose an investor to a significant risk of losing all of the amount invested. Persons considering making investments should consult an authorised person specialising in advising on such investments. Neither this announcement  nor the Offering Memorandum referred to herein  constitutes a recommendation concerning the Offer. The value of the Offered Shares can decrease as well as increase. Potential investors should consult a professional advisor as to the suitability of the Offer for the person concerned. None of Zeus Capital Limited or any of its affiliate or any of its or their affiliates' directors  officers  employees  advisers or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for/or makes any representation or warranty  express or implied  as to the truth  accuracy or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to the Company  its subsidiaries or associated companies  whether written  oral or in a visual or electronic form  and howsoever transmitted or made available or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of the announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith.Information to distributors in the EEASolely for the purposes of the product governance requirements contained within: (i) EU Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments  as amended (“MiFID II”); (ii) Articles 9 and 10 of Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 supplementing MiFID II; and (iii) local implementing measures (together the “MiFID II Product Governance Requirements”)  and disclaiming all and any liability  whether arising in tort  delict  contract or otherwise  which the Company  in its capacity as “manufacturer” for the purposes of the MiFID II Product Governance Requirements may otherwise have with respect thereto  the Offered Shares have been subject to a product approval process  which has determined that such Offered Shares are: (a) compatible with an end target market of retail investors and investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties  each as defined in MiFID II; and (b) eligible for distribution through all distribution channels as are permitted by MiFID II (the “Target Market Assessment”). Notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment  “distributors” (for purposes of the MiFID II Product Governance Requirements) should note that the price of the Offered Shares may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment; the Offered Shares offer no guaranteed income and no capital protection  and an investment in the Offered Shares is compatible only with investors who do not need a guaranteed income or capital protection  who (either alone or in conjunction with an appropriate financial or other adviser) are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such an investment and who have sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses that may result therefrom. The Target Market Assessment is without prejudice to the requirements of any contractual  legal or regulatory selling restrictions in relation to the Offer  including the selling restrictions described in “Notice to Investors (Selling Restrictions)”. Furthermore  it is noted that  notwithstanding the Target Market Assessment  the Placement Agents will only procure investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties. For the avoidance of doubt  the Target Market Assessment does not constitute: (i) an assessment of suitability or appropriateness for the purposes of MiFID II; or (ii) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in  purchase  subscribe for  or take any other action whatsoever with respect to the Offered Shares. Each distributor is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Offered Shares and determining appropriate distribution channels.Information to Distributors in the UKSolely for the purposes of the product governance requirements of Chapter 3 of the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the ""UK Product Governance Requirements"")  and/or any equivalent requirements elsewhere to the extent determined to be applicable  and disclaiming all and any liability  whether arising in tort  contract or otherwise  the Company  in its capacity as “manufacturer” (for the purposes of the UK Product Governance Requirements) may otherwise have with respect thereto  the Offered Shares have been subject to a product approval process  which has determined that the Offered Shares are: (a) compatible with an end target market of retail investors and investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties  each as defined in Chapter 3 of the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook; and (b) eligible for distribution through all distribution channels (the “U.K. Target Market Assessment”). Notwithstanding the U.K. Target Market Assessment  ""distributors"" (for the purposes of the UK Product Governance Requirements) should note that: the price of the Offered Shares may decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment; the Offered Shares offer no guaranteed income and no capital protection; and an investment in the Offered Shares is compatible only with investors who do not need a guaranteed income or capital protection  who (either alone or in conjunction with an appropriate financial or other adviser) are capable of evaluating the merits and risks of such an investment and who have sufficient resources to be able to bear any losses that may result therefrom. The U.K. Target Market Assessment is without prejudice to the requirements of any contractual  legal or regulatory selling restrictions in relation to the Offering. Furthermore  it is noted that  notwithstanding the U.K. Target Market Assessment  the Placement Agents will only procure investors who meet the criteria of professional clients and eligible counterparties for the purposes of the U.K. MiFIR Product Governance Rules. For the avoidance of doubt  the U.K. Target Market Assessment does not constitute: (i) an assessment of suitability or appropriateness for the purposes of Chapter 9A or 10A respectively of the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook; or (ii) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in  or purchase  or take any other action whatsoever with respect to the Offered Shares. Each distributor is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Offered Shares and determining appropriate distribution channels.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,positive,0.54,0.44,0.02,True,English,"['ART SHARE 002 S.A', 'Class B Share', 'sole holder', 'iconic artwork', 'Francis Bacon', 'Three Studies', 'George Dyer', 'initial offering', 'Portrait', 'price', 'EUR', 'USD', 'H.S.H. Prince Wenceslas', 'unique social impact dimension', 'dynamic art market environment', 'Liechtenstein Financial Market Authority', 'Art Share 002 S.A.', 'Class B redeemable shares', 'public limited liability company', 'The Class B Shares', 'first art initial offering', '412,500 Class B Shares', '550,000 Class B Shares', 'strong early interest', 'MiFID II legislation', 'new asset class', 'liquid asset class', 'ARTEX Stock Exchange', 'The Makers Photography', 'great British artist', 'secondary market trading', 'multilateral trading facility', 'secure trading venue', 'following placement restrictions', 'ARTEX MTF AG', 'The Remaining Shares', 'first art listing', 'The Offering Memorandum', 'regulated market', 'underlying asset', 'The Estate', 'great masterpiece', 'first offering', 'The Artwork', 'Three Studies', 'George Dyer', 'Francis Bacon', 'fixed price', 'aggregate valuation', 'important milestone', 'distinguished masterpiece', 'Yassir Benjelloun-Touimi', 'amazing triptych', 'long journey', 'iconic triptych', 'cultural institutions', 'Lock-up arrangements', 'first 3 months', 'one third', '15 calendar days', 'The Issuer', 'inaugural listing', 'Offering highlight', 'institutional investors', 'intended admission', 'securitisation vehicle', 'relentless pursuit', 'iconic artwork', 'qualified investors', 'Luxembourg law', 'EUR price', '4 months', '6 months', 'ever', 'investment', '16 February', 'launch', 'Portrait', 'ISIN', '22 March', 'symbol', 'BAC1EU', 'way', 'minimum', 'maximum', 'USD', 'auction', 'Christie', 'May', 'Closing', 'fixing', '29 February', '8 March', 'transaction', 'founder', 'Chairman', 'Today', 'ambition', 'world', 'transparent', 'CEO', 'step', 'goal', 'rights', 'DACS', 'relation', 'website', 'aim', 'access', 'opportunity', 'capital', 'portfolios', 'loan', 'museums', 'democratisation', 'Seller', 'period', 'option', 'balance']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,globenewswire.com
36322,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.express.co.uk/news/politics/1867856/brussels-city-london-trading,EU forced to cave on plans to steal business from UK in major 'win for City of London',The European Union was told by businesses they would not want to move from the City of London  forcing the bloc to compromise on its scheme.,"The EU has had to adopt a much-weakened version of its scheme to bring clearing under EU managementBrussels has pulled back on plans to bring a key financial mechanism under EU ownership  in what one EU official described as a ""win for the City of London"". The bloc had previously been aiming to remove its reliance on the City of London for clearing Euro derivatives. But a backlash from banks and fund managers has led to the plans being scaled back. The UK’s financial centre had maintained its grip on clearing euro-denominated derivatives even after leaving the EU in 2020 despite consternation over doing so. Then-French president François Hollande said after the referendum in 2016: “The City  which  thanks to the EU  was able to handle clearing operations for the eurozone  will not be able to do them.""It can serve as an example for those who seek the end of Europe. It can serve as a lesson.” The majority of clearing in interest rate swaps (IRS) in Euros is done by the London Stock Exchange Group  by the US exchange operator ICE. European banks and fund managers hit back at plans to force them to leave  saying it would incur extra costs to move business out of the UK. The EU has since reached a provisional agreement  establishing an “active account requirement” for firms. This means banks must have an account with an EU-based clearing house to clear contracts - a climbdown from the previous attempt to make them leave entirely.A small number of trades must be enacted through the European clearing houses  the new rule says. The minimum threshold will be set at five trades for each relevant category and depend on the value of deals done  with a maximum of 900 trades per year. Vincent Van Peteghem  finance minister for current EU president Belgium  said: “This will bring more clearing services to Europe and enhance our strategic autonomy.” “It will also contribute to stabilising the market and make sure it functions efficiently  which is a prerequisite for a fully-fledged capital markets union ” he added.Angus Canvin  the director of international affairs at the trade body UK Finance described the new rules as a “victory for pragmatism”. While William Wright  founder of the New Financial think tank  said it was a “sensible compromise”. Several exchanges - including US Nasdaq  Deutsche Boerse and Swiss SIX Group's Madrid Exchange are already aiming to attract businesses away from London. The deal has not been universally praised  however.Become an Express Premium member Support fearless journalismSupport fearless journalism Read The Daily Express online  advert freeRead The Daily Express online  advert free Get super-fast page loading Start 30-dayFREE trialTrending",neutral,0.05,0.5,0.45,mixed,0.21,0.27,0.52,True,English,"[""major 'win"", 'EU', 'plans', 'business', 'UK', 'City', 'London', 'French president François Hollande', 'fledged capital markets union', 'New Financial think tank', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'Swiss SIX Group', 'key financial mechanism', 'interest rate swaps', 'Vincent Van Peteghem', 'Express Premium member', 'super-fast page loading', 'FREE trial Trending', 'current EU president', 'US exchange operator', 'The Daily Express', 'active account requirement', 'EU-based clearing house', 'Support fearless journalism', 'one EU official', 'European clearing houses', 'financial centre', 'Madrid Exchange', 'new rule', 'US Nasdaq', 'The EU', 'The UK', 'Euro derivatives', 'fund managers', 'euro-denominated derivatives', 'clearing operations', 'extra costs', 'provisional agreement', 'previous attempt', 'small number', 'minimum threshold', 'relevant category', 'finance minister', 'clearing services', 'strategic autonomy', 'Angus Canvin', 'international affairs', 'trade body', 'William Wright', 'sensible compromise', 'Several exchanges', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'EU management', 'EU ownership', 'European banks', 'The City', 'UK Finance', 'five trades', '900 trades', 'weakened', 'version', 'scheme', 'Brussels', 'plans', 'win', 'bloc', 'reliance', 'backlash', 'grip', 'consternation', 'referendum', 'eurozone', 'example', 'lesson', 'majority', 'Euros', 'business', 'firms', 'contracts', 'climbdown', 'value', 'deals', 'maximum', 'year', 'Belgium', 'prerequisite', 'director', 'victory', 'pragmatism', 'founder', '30-day']",2024-02-17,2024-02-17,express.co.uk
36323,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-NV-Q4-ending-2023-on-a-strong-note-more-coming-in-for-2024-45972166/,Euronext NV: Q4: ending 2023 on a strong note  more coming in for 2024,(marketscreener.com) EARNINGS/SALES RELEASESEuronext marked an acceleration in the Q4 to finish the year on a strong note  having achieved both its synergy and cost targets. This acceleration in Q4 was a beat vs the consensus  on the back of the strong perfor…,Euronext N.V. is a pan-European exchange group operating regulated markets in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. Euronext N.V. also operates non-regulated activities in 16 countries across the world. Euronext N.V. is listed in Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels and Lisbon since 2014. Euronext N.V. is the leading listing and trading venue in Europe with EUR 6.3 trillion combined market capitalization at the end of 2022  close to 1 930 listed companies and the largest liquidity pool in Europe. Euronext N.V. provides advanced market data services and a range of indices and index solutions  including the AEX  CAC40  BEL 20  ISEQ 20  PSI 20  and OBX  as well as a large set of ESG indices  such as CAC40 ESG or MIB ESG. Euronext N.V.'s proprietary trading platform  Optiq®  offers cutting-edge solutions to both trading and technology clients. Euronext N.V. offers clients innovative corporate and investors services. Euronext N.V. also operates Euronext FX in the United States and in Singapore and two spot FX matching engines in Tokyo and London.Related indices STOXX EUROPE 600 (EUR),neutral,0.16,0.83,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext NV', 'strong note', '2024', 'two spot FX matching engines', '6.3 trillion combined market capitalization', 'advanced market data services', 'pan-European exchange group', 'largest liquidity pool', 'Euronext N.V.', 'proprietary trading platform', 'Euronext FX', 'investors services', 'regulated markets', 'leading listing', 'trading venue', '1,930 listed companies', 'index solutions', 'large set', 'MIB ESG', 'cutting-edge solutions', 'innovative corporate', 'United States', 'ESG indices', 'Related indices', 'CAC40 ESG', 'technology clients', 'STOXX EUROPE', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', '16 countries', 'world', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Lisbon', 'end', 'range', 'AEX', 'ISEQ', 'PSI', 'OBX', 'Optiq®', 'Singapore', 'Tokyo', 'London']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,marketscreener.com
36324,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/16/2830886/0/en/REPURCHASE-OF-SHARES.html,REPURCHASE OF SHARES,REPURCHASE OF SHARES  Amsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (“Flow Traders”) (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 38 330 of its own shares in the......,REPURCHASE OF SHARESAmsterdam  the Netherlands - Flow Traders Ltd. (“Flow Traders”) (Euronext: FLOW) has repurchased 38 330 of its own shares in the period from 8 February 2024 up to and including 16 February 2024 at an average price of €16.38.This is in accordance with the €15 million share buyback extension program originally announced on 27 October 2022  of which the period of execution was announced on 28 July 2023 to be extended by 12 months to 26 October 2024. The consideration of this purchase was €0.6 million.The total number of shares purchased under this program to date is 223 867 shares at an average price of €17.08 for a total consideration of €3.8 million.2 072 324 shares were held in treasury as at 16 February 2024.Contact DetailsFlow Traders Ltd.InvestorsEric PanPhone: +31 20 7996180Email: investor.relations@flowtraders.comAbout Flow TradersFlow Traders is a leading trading firm providing liquidity in multiple asset classes  covering all major exchanges. Founded in 2004  Flow Traders is a leading global ETP market marker and has leveraged its expertise in trading ETPs to expand into fixed income  commodities  digital assets and FX. Flow Traders’ role in financial markets is to ensure the availability of liquidity and enabling investors to continue to buy or sell financial instruments under all market circumstances  thereby ensuring markets remain resilient and continue to function in an orderly manner. In addition to its trading activities  Flow Traders has established a strategic investment unit focused on fostering market innovation and aligned with our mission to bring greater transparency and efficiency to the financial ecosystem. With nearly two decades of experience  we have built a team of over 600 talented professionals  located globally  contributing to the firm's entrepreneurial culture and delivering the company's mission.Important Legal InformationThis press release is prepared by Flow Traders Ltd. and is for information purposes only. It is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and you must not rely on the content of this document when making any investment decisions. The information in this document does not constitute legal  tax  or investment advice and is not to be regarded as investor marketing or marketing of any security or financial instrument  or as an offer to buy or sell  or as a solicitation of any offer to buy or sell  securities or financial instruments.The information and materials contained in this press release are provided ‘as is’ and Flow Traders Ltd. or any of its affiliates (“Flow Traders”) do not warrant the accuracy  adequacy or completeness of the information and materials and expressly disclaim liability for any errors or omissions. This press release is not intended to be  and shall not constitute in any way a binding or legal agreement  or impose any legal obligation on Flow Traders. All intellectual property rights  including trademarks  are those of their respective owners. All rights reserved. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Flow Traders. No part of it may be redistributed or reproduced without the prior written permission of Flow Traders.This press release may include forward-looking statements  which are based on Flow Traders’ current expectations and projections about future events  and are not guarantees of future performance. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts  including statements about our beliefs and expectations. Words such as “may”  “will”  “would”  “should”  “expect”  “intend”  “estimate”  “anticipate”  “project”  “believe”  “could”  “hope”  “seek”  “plan”  “foresee”  “aim”  “objective”  “potential”  “goal” “strategy”  “target”  “continue” and similar expressions or their negatives are used to identify these forward-looking statements. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future whether or not outside the control of Flow Traders. Such factors may cause actual results  performance or developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly  no undue reliance should be placed on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as at the date at which they are made. Flow Traders expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update  review or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this press release to reflect any change in its expectations or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which such statements are based unless required to do so by applicable law.Financial objectives are internal objectives of Flow Traders to measure its operational performance and should not be read as indicating that Flow Traders is targeting such metrics for any particular fiscal year. Flow Traders’ ability to achieve these financial objectives is inherently subject to significant business  economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies  many of which are beyond Flow Traders’ control  and upon assumptions with respect to future business decisions that are subject to change. As a result  Flow Traders’ actual results may vary from these financial objectives  and those variations may be material.Efficiencies are net  before tax and on a run-rate basis  i.e. taking into account the full-year impact of any measure to be undertaken before the end of the period mentioned. The expected operating efficiencies and cost savings were prepared on the basis of a number of assumptions  projections and estimates  many of which depend on factors that are beyond Flow Traders’ control. These assumptions  projections and estimates are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and actual results may differ  perhaps materially  from those projected. Flow Traders cannot provide any assurance that these assumptions are correct and that these projections and estimates will reflect Flow Traders’ actual results of operations.By accepting this document you agree to the terms set out above. If you do not agree with the terms set out above please notify legal.amsterdam@nl.flowtraders.com immediately and delete or destroy this document.Market Abuse RegulationThis press release is an announcement pursuant to Article 5(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,negative,0.02,0.38,0.6,True,English,"['REPURCHASE', 'SHARES', '€15 million share buyback extension program', 'leading global ETP market marker', 'Contact Details Flow Traders Ltd', 'multiple asset classes', 'prior written permission', 'particular fiscal year', 'Flow Traders Ltd.', 'strategic investment unit', 'leading trading firm', 'intellectual property rights', 'Flow Traders’ role', 'Flow Traders’ ability', 'Important Legal Information', 'Forward looking statements', 'market innovation', 'market circumstances', 'investment activities', 'investment decisions', 'legal, tax', 'investment advice', 'legal agreement', 'average price', 'total number', 'Eric Pan', 'major exchanges', 'fixed income', 'digital assets', 'financial instruments', 'orderly manner', 'trading activities', 'greater transparency', 'financial ecosystem', 'two decades', '600 talented professionals', 'entrepreneurial culture', 'press release', 'respective owners', 'proprietary rights', 'historical facts', 'similar expressions', 'unknown risks', 'other factors', 'Such factors', 'actual results', 'undue reliance', 'applicable law', 'Financial objectives', 'internal objectives', 'forward-looking statements', 'legal obligation', 'operational performance', 'information purposes', 'total consideration', 'financial markets', 'future performance', 'current expectations', 'investor marketing', 'future events', 'REPURCHASE', 'SHARES', 'Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'period', '8 February', '16 February', 'accordance', '27 October', 'execution', '28 July', '12 months', '26 October', 'date', 'treasury', 'Investors', 'Phone', 'Email', 'relations', 'flowtraders', 'liquidity', 'expertise', 'ETPs', 'commodities', 'FX', 'availability', 'addition', 'efficiency', 'experience', 'team', 'company', 'recommendation', 'content', 'document', 'security', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'securities', 'materials', 'affiliates', 'accuracy', 'adequacy', 'completeness', 'liability', 'errors', 'omissions', 'way', 'binding', 'trademarks', 'interest', 'publication', 'projections', 'guarantees', 'beliefs', 'Words', 'may', 'estimate', 'believe', 'could', 'hope', 'seek', 'plan', 'goal', 'strategy', 'target', 'negatives', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'control', 'developments', 'undertaking', 'conditions', 'metrics']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,globenewswire.com
36325,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/16/2830876/0/en/KL%C3%89PIERRE-ISSUANCE-OF-A-9-6-YEAR-BOND-FOR-600M.html,KLÉPIERRE: ISSUANCE OF A 9.6-YEAR BOND FOR €600M,PRESS RELEASE  ISSUANCE OF A 9.6-YEAR BOND FOR €600M  Paris  February 16  2024  Klépierre  the European leader in shopping malls  today announces the......,PRESS RELEASEISSUANCE OF A 9.6-YEAR BOND FOR €600MParis  February 16  2024Klépierre  the European leader in shopping malls  today announces the issuance of a €600-million bond with a maturity of 9.6 years. This financing has been raised with a 130 basis points spread over the reference rate  for a coupon of 3.875%.This issuance has been oversubscribed more than 5 times.INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Paul Logerot  Group Head of IR and Financial Communication+33 (0)7 50 66 05 63 — paul.logerot@klepierre.comHugo Martins  IR Manager+33 (0)7 72 11 63 24 — hugo.martins@klepierre.comTanguy Phelippeau  IR Manager+33 (0)7 72 09 29 57 — tanguy.phelippeau@klepierre.com Hélène Salmon  Group Head of Communication+33 (0)1 40 67 55 16 — helene.salmon@klepierre.comWandrille Clermontel  Taddeo+33 (0)6 33 05 48 50 — teamklepierre@taddeo.frABOUT KLÉPIERREKlépierre is the European leader in shopping malls  combining property development and asset management skills. The Company’s portfolio is valued at €19.3 billion at December 31  2023  and comprises large shopping centers in more than 10 countries in Continental Europe which together host hundreds of millions of visitors per year. Klépierre holds a controlling stake in Steen & Strøm (56.1%)  Scandinavia’s number one shopping center owner and manager. Klépierre is a French REIT (SIIC) listed on Euronext Paris and is included in the CAC Next 20 and EPRA Euro Zone Indexes. It is also included in ethical indexes  such as Euronext CAC 40 ESG  Euronext CAC SBT 1.5  MSCI Europe ESG Leaders  FTSE4Good  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120  and features in CDP’s “A-list”. These distinctions underscore the Group’s commitment to a proactive sustainable development policy and its global leadership in the fight against climate change.For more information  please visit the newsroom on our website: www.klepierre.comThis press release is available on the Klépierre website: www.klepierre.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.84,0.12,negative,0.01,0.24,0.76,True,English,"['KLÉPIERRE', '9.6-YEAR BOND', 'ISSUANCE', '€600M', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS', 'number one shopping center owner', 'EPRA Euro Zone Indexes', 'proactive sustainable development policy', 'Hélène Salmon', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders', 'asset management skills', 'large shopping centers', 'Euronext CAC 40 ESG', 'Euronext Vigeo Europe', 'Euronext CAC SBT', 'Klépierre website', 'shopping malls', 'property development', 'Continental Europe', 'ethical indexes', 'CAC Next', 'Euronext Paris', 'PRESS RELEASE', '9.6-YEAR BOND', 'European leader', '€600-million bond', '130 basis points', 'reference rate', 'Wandrille Clermontel', 'The Company', 'controlling stake', 'Strøm', 'French REIT', 'global leadership', 'climate change', 'Group Head', 'Financial Communication', 'Tanguy Phelippeau', 'IR Manager', 'Paul Logerot', 'Hugo Martins', 'ISSUANCE', '600M', 'February', 'maturity', '9.6 years', 'financing', 'coupon', 'klepierre', 'helene', 'Taddeo', 'portfolio', 'December', '10 countries', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'visitors', 'Steen', 'Scandinavia', 'SIIC', 'FTSE4Good', 'features', 'CDP', 'list', 'distinctions', 'commitment', 'fight', 'information', 'newsroom', 'Attachment', '7']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,globenewswire.com
36326,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KLEPIERRE-4665/news/KLEPIERRE-ISSUANCE-OF-A-9-6-YEAR-BOND-FOR-600M-45974062/,KLÉPIERRE: ISSUANCE OF A 9.6-YEAR BOND FOR €600M -February 16  2024 at 12:11 pm EST,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE ISSUANCE OF A 9.6-YEAR BOND FOR €600M Paris  February 16  2024 Klépierre  the European leader in shopping malls  today announces the issuance of a €600-million bond with a maturity of 9.6 years. This financing has been raise…,PRESS RELEASEISSUANCE OF A 9.6-YEAR BOND FOR €600MParis  February 16  2024Klépierre  the European leader in shopping malls  today announces the issuance of a €600-million bond with a maturity of 9.6 years. This financing has been raised with a 130 basis points spread over the reference rate  for a coupon of 3.875%.This issuance has been oversubscribed more than 5 times.INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS Paul Logerot  Group Head of IR and Financial Communication+33 (0)7 50 66 05 63 — paul.logerot@klepierre.comHugo Martins  IR Manager+33 (0)7 72 11 63 24 — hugo.martins@klepierre.comTanguy Phelippeau  IR Manager+33 (0)7 72 09 29 57 — tanguy.phelippeau@klepierre.com Hélène Salmon  Group Head of Communication+33 (0)1 40 67 55 16 — helene.salmon@klepierre.comWandrille Clermontel  Taddeo+33 (0)6 33 05 48 50 — teamklepierre@taddeo.frABOUT KLÉPIERREKlépierre is the European leader in shopping malls  combining property development and asset management skills. The Company’s portfolio is valued at €19.3 billion at December 31  2023  and comprises large shopping centers in more than 10 countries in Continental Europe which together host hundreds of millions of visitors per year. Klépierre holds a controlling stake in Steen & Strøm (56.1%)  Scandinavia’s number one shopping center owner and manager. Klépierre is a French REIT (SIIC) listed on Euronext Paris and is included in the CAC Next 20 and EPRA Euro Zone Indexes. It is also included in ethical indexes  such as Euronext CAC 40 ESG  Euronext CAC SBT 1.5  MSCI Europe ESG Leaders  FTSE4Good  Euronext Vigeo Europe 120  and features in CDP’s “A-list”. These distinctions underscore the Group’s commitment to a proactive sustainable development policy and its global leadership in the fight against climate change.For more information  please visit the newsroom on our website: www.klepierre.comThis press release is available on the Klépierre website: www.klepierre.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.82,0.13,negative,0.01,0.24,0.76,True,English,"['KLÉPIERRE', '9.6-YEAR BOND', 'ISSUANCE', '€600M', 'February', '12:11', 'INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACTS MEDIA CONTACTS', 'number one shopping center owner', 'EPRA Euro Zone Indexes', 'proactive sustainable development policy', 'Hélène Salmon', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders', 'asset management skills', 'large shopping centers', 'Euronext CAC 40 ESG', 'Euronext Vigeo Europe', 'Euronext CAC SBT', 'Klépierre website', 'shopping malls', 'property development', 'Continental Europe', 'ethical indexes', 'CAC Next', 'Euronext Paris', 'PRESS RELEASE', '9.6-YEAR BOND', 'European leader', '€600-million bond', '130 basis points', 'reference rate', 'Wandrille Clermontel', 'The Company', 'controlling stake', 'Strøm', 'French REIT', 'global leadership', 'climate change', 'Group Head', 'Financial Communication', 'Tanguy Phelippeau', 'IR Manager', 'Paul Logerot', 'Hugo Martins', 'ISSUANCE', '600M', 'February', 'maturity', '9.6 years', 'financing', 'coupon', 'klepierre', 'helene', 'Taddeo', 'portfolio', 'December', '10 countries', 'hundreds', 'millions', 'visitors', 'Steen', 'Scandinavia', 'SIIC', 'FTSE4Good', 'features', 'CDP', 'list', 'distinctions', 'commitment', 'fight', 'information', 'newsroom', 'Attachment', '7']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,marketscreener.com
36327,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/16/2830720/0/en/JDE-Peet-s-expands-collaboration-with-Costa-Coffee.html,JDE Peet’s expands collaboration with Costa Coffee,PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  16 February 2024JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) is pleased to announce that  starting in September 2024  JDE Peet’s will manufacture  distribute  and sell Costa Coffee branded aluminium coffee capsules in Great Britain. The expanded collab…,"PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  16 February 2024JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) is pleased to announce that  starting in September 2024  JDE Peet’s will manufacture  distribute  and sell Costa Coffee branded aluminium coffee capsules in Great Britain. The expanded collaboration between the two companies marks a significant development in their partnership which will serve as a key driver of future growth in Great Britain.Since 2012  JDE Peet’s has offered Costa Coffee-branded single-serve coffee pods for the Tassimo brewer system  unlocking significant category growth. Combining Costa Coffee’s unique premium coffee shop appeal in Great Britain to JDE Peet’s in-home espresso-based technology and go-to-market will elevate single-serve offerings for both companies.JDE Peet’s recently launched the L’OR Barista coffee brewer system in the UK – a unique proposition capable of accommodating a wide range of coffee drinks. With this new collaboration  JDE Peet’s will be able to offer consumers a wider range of choices through an extended brand portfolio and drive category value with its customer partners.The manufacture  distribution  and sale of other coffee products in the Costa Coffee portfolio  such as instant coffee  whole beans  and roast and ground  will remain with Costa Coffee and are not covered by the new partnership.Fabien Simon  CEO of JDE Peet’s  commented: “We are excited to expand our collaboration with Costa Coffee. By extending the range of products offered under the L’OR Barista aluminium capsule system  we can offer coffee enthusiasts in Great Britain a wider selection of high-quality  single-serve choices at home. This important collaboration underscores our commitment to premiumisation through our unique coffee brewer technology as we serve more cups globally.”Philippe Schaillee  CEO of Costa Coffee  commented: “We’re delighted to be growing our collaboration with JDE Peet’s. Our ambition is to lead the coffee sector by innovating and creating new experiences for consumers  whether that’s in a Costa Coffee store  away-from-home through our Costa Express and Proud to Serve coffee solutions  or at-home through our fantastic range of capsules  instant coffee  whole beans  and roast and ground. We’re confident that we’ll be able to unlock further growth and more people will be able to enjoy their favourite Costa coffee both on-the-go and at home.”# # #EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 6 3917 7280Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 6 1594 4569IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 200 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2022  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 20 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com.About Costa CoffeeFounded in London by Italian brothers Sergio and Bruno Costa in 1971  Costa Coffee is present in 50 countries around the world  with 2 800+ coffee shops in the UK & Ireland and 1 400+ globally. We are proud to be the Nation’s Favourite coffee shop  having been awarded “Best Branded Coffee Shop Chain in the UK and Ireland"" by Allegra Strategies for 14 consecutive years (2010  2011  2012  2013  2014  2015  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  2023).Making a positive contribution to the communities we are part of is extremely important to us  both here in the UK and across the world. That’s why we established The Costa Foundation in 2007  a registered charity with the aim of improving the life chances of children in coffee growing communities by helping them access a safe  quality education. So far  The Costa Foundation has funded over 100 school projects and changed the lives of more than 120 000 children. We also have a UK-wide Community Programme  which enables our teams to volunteer their time to good causes locally and to invite community groups to make use of our welcoming space in stores.In 2011  Costa Coffee purchased Coffee Nation  which is now Costa Express. Today  Costa Express operates in 20 international markets  with over 14 200+ coffee machines in the UK and more than 1 600+ globally. Proudly serving the same Costa Coffee Mocha Italia Signature Blend coffee beans found in stores  combined with fresh milk to create a delicious and warming cup of coffee on the go. In 2022  Costa Coffee announced that it would be rolling out its innovative Costa Express’s Hot and Iced Drinks self-serve machines.Costa Coffee’s Proud to Serve offer enables our corporate partners to serve a range of Costa Coffee beverages for customers and employees  without the need of a full Costa Coffee store. With presence across 22 international markets  Costa Coffee proudly supports over 30 000+ Proud to Serve sites across the UK and globally.All Costa Coffee products  including our At-Home and Costa Coffee in a can range  have been expertly crafted by Gennaro Pelliccia  our Master of Coffee and uses Rainforest Alliance Certified™ coffee beans.www.costa.co.ukAttachment",neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,positive,0.71,0.28,0.02,True,English,"['JDE Peet', 'Costa Coffee', 'collaboration', 'same Costa Coffee Mocha Italia Signature Blend coffee beans', 'L’OR Barista aluminium capsule system', 'L’OR Barista coffee brewer system', 'Best Branded Coffee Shop Chain', 'unique premium coffee shop appeal', 'Costa Coffee-branded single-serve coffee pods', 'Iced Drinks self-serve machines', 'unique coffee brewer technology', 'full Costa Coffee store', 'Tassimo brewer system', 'Favourite coffee shop', 'aluminium coffee capsules', '14,200+ coffee machines', 'safe, quality education', '2,800+ coffee shops', 'The Costa Foundation', 'favourite Costa coffee', 'Costa Coffee beverages', 'UK-wide Community Programme', 'extended brand portfolio', 'high-quality, single-serve choices', 'innovative Costa Express', 'home espresso-based technology', 'Costa Coffee portfolio', 'other coffee products', 'significant category growth', 'coffee drinks', 'unique proposition', 'single-serve offerings', 'instant coffee', 'coffee enthusiasts', 'coffee sector', 'coffee solutions', 'Bruno Costa', 'significant development', 'community groups', 'Coffee Nation', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Great Britain', 'key driver', 'future growth', 'customer partners', 'Fabien Simon', 'wider selection', 'Philippe Schaillee', 'new experiences', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'leading pure-play', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'global workforce', 'Italian brothers', 'Allegra Strategies', '14 consecutive years', 'positive contribution', 'life chances', '100 school projects', 'good causes', 'welcoming space', 'fresh milk', 'corporate partners', 'JDE Peet', '20 international markets', '22 international markets', 'expanded collaboration', 'wide range', 'new collaboration', 'wider range', 'important collaboration', 'fantastic range', 'two companies', 'new partnership', 'Enquiries Media', 'growing communities', 'warming cup', '30,000+ Proud', 'tea company', '100 markets', 'Amsterdam', '16 February', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'September', 'consumers', 'value', 'manufacture', 'distribution', 'roast', 'ground', 'CEO', 'commitment', 'premiumisation', 'cups', 'ambition', 'people', 'Investors', 'Analysts', 'world', 'second', 'possibilities', '50 brands', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '20,000 employees', 'journey', 'London', 'Sergio', '50 countries', 'Ireland', 'charity', 'aim', 'children', 'lives', 'teams', 'time', 'stores', 'delicious', 'Hot', 'customers', 'need', 'presence', 'sites', 'globall']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,globenewswire.com
36328,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LEONARDO-S-P-A-162001/news/Palingeo-closes-up-on-first-day-of-trading-45974138/,Palingeo closes up on first day of trading,(marketscreener.com) Palingeo Spa  a company operating in the fields of geotechnics and geognostics  for the construction  infrastructure and consolidation of foundation soils or support of excavation sources  announced Friday the start of trading of its ordi…,"(Alliance News) - Palingeo Spa  a company operating in the fields of geotechnics and geognostics  for the construction  infrastructure and consolidation of foundation soils or support of excavation sources  announced Friday the start of trading of its ordinary shares and warrants to 2026 on the Euronext Growth Milan market.The shares closed the session up at EUR5.39  up 7.8 percent from the placement price of EUR5.00.A total of 138 300 ordinary shares were traded during the day  with a total value of EUR766 059.Leonardo Spada  Paolo Franzoni and Gianbattista Lippi co-founders of Palingeo  said  ""This significant step allows us to accelerate our growth  implement consolidation strategies and expand our impact in the target market. The positive response from the markets and the financial community is a key signal for the path ahead.""By Chiara Bruschi  Alliance News reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.03,0.57,0.39,positive,0.57,0.41,0.02,True,English,"['first day', 'Palingeo', 'trading', 'Copyright 2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'Alliance News reporter', 'target market', 'foundation soils', 'excavation sources', 'placement price', 'Leonardo Spada', 'Paolo Franzoni', 'Gianbattista Lippi', 'significant step', 'positive response', 'financial community', 'key signal', 'Chiara Bruschi', 'ordinary shares', 'Palingeo Spa', 'total value', 'consolidation strategies', 'company', 'fields', 'geotechnics', 'geognostics', 'construction', 'infrastructure', 'support', 'start', 'trading', 'warrants', 'session', 'day', 'founders', 'impact', 'markets', 'path', 'Comments', 'questions', 'redazione', 'alliancenews', 'rights']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,marketscreener.com
36329,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/16/2830537/0/en/Bekaert-Update-on-the-Share-Buyback-Program.html,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program,Update on the Share Buyback Program  Period from 8 February 2024 to 14 February 2024  On 17 November 2023  Bekaert announced the start of the......,Update on the Share Buyback ProgramPeriod from 8 February 2024 to 14 February 2024On 17 November 2023   Bekaert announced the start of the eighth tranche of its buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 30 million (the Eighth Tranche). All shares bought as part of the Program will be cancelled. The purpose of the Program is to reduce the issued share capital of the company.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 8 February 2024 to 14 February 2024  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 50 000 shares.The table below provides an overview of the transactions under the eighth of the Program during the period from 8 February 2024 to 14 February 2024:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Pricepaid (€) Lowest Pricepaid (€) TotalAmount (€) 8 February 2024 Euronext Brussels 9 000 47.41 47.70 47.10 426 690 MTF CBOE 1 000 47.41 47.56 47.24 47 410 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 9 February 2024 Euronext Brussels 9 000 47.27 47.64 46.70 425 430 MTF CBOE 1 000 47.27 47.64 46.76 47 270 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 12 February 2024 Euronext Brussels 9 000 47.91 48.20 47.56 431 190 MTF CBOE 1 000 47.92 48.10 47.62 47 920 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 13 February 2024 Euronext Brussels 9 000 46.95 47.68 46.46 422 550 MTF CBOE 1 000 46.98 47.42 46.68 46 980 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis 14 February 2024 Euronext Brussels 10 000 46.14 46.58 44.74 461 400 MTF CBOE MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis Total 50 000 47.14 48.20 44.74 2 356 840On 14 February 2024 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 2 471 471 own shares  or 4.51% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.Attachment,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,negative,0.01,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Bekaert', 'Update', '400 MTF CBOE MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis Total', '270 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis', '920 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis', '980 MTF Turquoise MTF Aquis', 'total maximum consideration', 'Share Buyback Program Period', 'investor relations pages', 'Date Market Number', 'Shares Average Price', 'total number', 'share capital', 'Highest Price', 'Lowest Price', 'Kepler Cheuvreux', 'Euronext Brussels', 'eighth tranche', 'outstanding shares', '50 000 shares', 'Update', '8 February', '14 February', '17 November', 'Bekaert', 'start', 'part', 'purpose', 'company', 'behalf', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', 'Amount', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '471 471']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,globenewswire.com
36330,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SARTORIUS-STEDIM-BIOTECH-27471609/news/Sartorius-Stedim-Biotech-releases-Universal-Registration-Document-2023-45970101/,Sartorius Stedim Biotech releases Universal Registration Document 2023,(marketscreener.com) Sartorius Stedim Biotech SA / Key word: Annual Results Sartorius Stedim Biotech releases Universal Registration Document 2023 16-Feb-2024 / 10:00 CET/CESTAubagne  February 16  2024Sartorius Stedim Biotech releases…,Sartorius Stedim Biotech SA / Key word(s): Annual ResultsSartorius Stedim Biotech releases Universal Registration Document 202316-Feb-2024 / 10:00 CET/CESTAubagne  February 16  2024Sartorius Stedim Biotech releases Universal Registration Document 2023Sartorius Stedim Biotech  a leading partner of the biopharma industry  has released its Universal Registration Document 2023 including the Annual Financial Report today. The document is available under the following link: https://ir-reports.sartorius.com/en/ssb/fy-2023 .Financial calendarMarch 26  2024 Annual General MeetingApril 18  2024 Publication of the quarterly figures January to March 2024July 19  2024 Publication of the half-year figures January to June 2024October 17  2024 Publication of the nine-month figures January to September 2024A profile of Sartorius Stedim BiotechSartorius Stedim Biotech is a leading international partner of the biopharmaceutical industry. As a provider of innovative solutions  the company based in Aubagne  France  helps its customers to manufacture biotech medications  such as cell and gene therapies  safely  rapidly  and economically. The shares of Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. are quoted on the Euronext Paris. The company has a strong global reach with manufacturing and R&D sites as well as sales entities in Europe  North America  and Asia. Sartorius Stedim Biotech regularly expands its portfolio through acquisitions of complementary technologies. In 2023  the company generated sales revenue of around 2.8 billion euros. Currently  more than 10 600 employees are working for customers around the globe.ContactTimo LindemannExternal Communications+49 (0)551.308.4724timo.lindemann@sartorius.comFollow Sartorius on LinkedIn . AttachmentFile: Press ReleaseDissemination of a Financial Wire News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Sartorius Stedim Biotech releases', 'Universal Registration Document', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A.', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech SA', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech releases', 'strong global reach', 'R&D sites', '2024 Annual General Meeting', 'Financial Wire News', 'Universal Registration Document', 'Annual Financial Report', 'leading international partner', 'biotech medications', 'leading partner', 'Annual Results', 'Financial calendar', 'Key word', 'biopharma industry', 'following link', 'quarterly figures', 'half-year figures', 'nine-month figures', 'biopharmaceutical industry', 'innovative solutions', 'gene therapies', 'Euronext Paris', 'sales entities', 'North America', 'complementary technologies', 'sales revenue', '2.8 billion euros', 'External Communications', 'Attachment File', 'Press Release', 'EQS Group', 'Timo Lindemann', '10:00 CET', 'CEST', 'Aubagne', 'February', 'reports', 'March', 'April', 'Publication', 'June', 'September', 'profile', 'provider', 'company', 'France', 'customers', 'cell', 'shares', 'manufacturing', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'portfolio', 'acquisitions', '10,600 employees', 'globe', 'Contact', 'LinkedIn', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,marketscreener.com
36331,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LEONARDO-S-P-A-162001/news/Palingeo-lands-on-the-stock-exchange-after-an-IPO-of-more-than-EUR7-million-45971137/,Palingeo lands on the stock exchange after an IPO of more than EUR7 million,(marketscreener.com) Palingeo Spa made its debut among the SMEs in Piazza Affari on Friday after a EUR7.4 million IPO. The company  founded in 1999 in Brescia  is active in geotechnics. It operates in the field of special foundations offering services to lead…,"(Alliance News) - Palingeo Spa made its debut among the SMEs in Piazza Affari on Friday after a EUR7.4 million IPO.The company  founded in 1999 in Brescia  is active in geotechnics. It operates in the field of special foundations offering services to leading operators in the civil and infrastructure construction sector  and to industrial or public administration operators.IN the event of full exercise of the over-allotment  the collection would rise to EUR8.1 million.Leonardo Spada  president of Palingeo  commented  ""The listing on Euronext Growth Milan of Palingeo represents a significant moment for our company  offering us a unique opportunity to consolidate our presence and expand in the market. The strong confidence shown by investors in our project and business model  focused on technological innovation and sustainability in the geotechnical and geognostic sector  is extremely important.""""We believe that the success of this listing is a direct result of our team's proven track record. We are determined to meet future challenges with the goal of maintaining steady growth and generating value for shareholders.""Palingeo's stock is up 9.7 percent at EUR5.4860 per share.By Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo  Alliance News senior reporterComments and questions to redazione@alliancenews.comCopyright 2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd. All rights reserved.",neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.13,0.83,0.03,True,English,"['stock exchange', 'Palingeo', 'IPO', 'EUR7', 'Copyright 2024 Alliance News IS Italian Service Ltd', 'Alliance News senior reporter', 'EUR7.4 million IPO', 'proven track record', 'Giuseppe Fabio Ciccomascolo', 'infrastructure construction sector', 'public administration operators', 'Euronext Growth Milan', 'leading operators', 'geognostic sector', 'steady growth', 'Piazza Affari', 'special foundations', 'full exercise', 'Leonardo Spada', 'significant moment', 'unique opportunity', 'strong confidence', 'business model', 'technological innovation', 'direct result', 'future challenges', 'Palingeo Spa', 'debut', 'SMEs', 'Friday', 'company', 'Brescia', 'geotechnics', 'field', 'services', 'civil', 'industrial', 'event', 'allotment', 'collection', 'president', 'listing', 'presence', 'market', 'investors', 'project', 'sustainability', 'geotechnical', 'success', 'team', 'goal', 'value', 'shareholders', 'stock', 'Comments', 'questions', 'alliancenews', 'rights']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,marketscreener.com
36332,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SARTORIUS-STEDIM-BIOTECH-27471609/news/Sartorius-Stedim-Biotech-Information-on-Document-Availability-45969923/,Sartorius Stedim Biotech: Information on Document Availability -February 16  2024 at 03:25 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Sartorius Stedim Biotech SASartorius Stedim Biotech: Information on Document Availability 16-Feb-2024 / 09:23 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for t…,Sartorius Stedim Biotech SASartorius Stedim Biotech: Information on Document Availability16-Feb-2024 / 09:23 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Aubagne  February 16  2024 Sartorius Stedim Biotech: Information on Document Availability Sartorius Stedim Biotech Group’s Universal Registration Document 2023 is now available at: https://www.sartorius.com/en/company/investor-relations/sartorius-stedim-biotech-sa-investor-relations/news-financial-publications It contains the following information: - Business development for fiscal 2023 and the 2024 forecast for the Sartorius Stedim Biotech Group - Consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2023 A profile of Sartorius Stedim Biotech Sartorius Stedim Biotech is a leading international partner of the biopharmaceutical industry. As a provider of innovative solutions  the company based in Aubagne  France  helps its customers to manufacture biotech medications  such as cell and gene therapies  safely  rapidly  and economically. The shares of Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. are quoted on the Euronext Paris. The company has a strong global reach with manufacturing and R&D sites as well as sales entities in Europe  North America  and Asia. Sartorius Stedim Biotech regularly expands its portfolio through acquisitions of complementary technologies. In 2023  the company generated sales revenue of around 2.8 billion euros  according to preliminary figures. Currently  more than 10 600 employees are working for customers around the globe.ContactPetra Kirchhoff; Head of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations Phone: +49(0)551.308.1686; petra.kirchhoff@sartorius.com Follow Sartorius Stedim Biotech on Twitter @Sartorius_Group and on LinkedIn. Regulatory filing PDF fileFile: Sartorius Stedim Biotech: Information on Document Availability,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Sartorius Stedim Biotech', 'Document Availability', 'Information', 'February', '03:25', 'Regulatory filing PDF file File', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A.', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech SA', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech Group', 'French Regulatory News', 'Consolidated financial statements', 'leading international partner', 'strong global reach', 'R&D sites', 'Universal Registration Document', 'EQS Group', 'biotech medications', 'Document Availability', 'Business development', 'biopharmaceutical industry', 'innovative solutions', 'gene therapies', 'Euronext Paris', 'sales entities', 'North America', 'complementary technologies', 'sales revenue', '2.8 billion euros', 'preliminary figures', 'Corporate Communications', 'Investor Relations', 'following information', 'Petra Kirchhoff', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Aubagne', 'February', 'investor-relations', 'sartorius-stedim-biotech', 'fiscal', '2024 forecast', 'year', 'profile', 'provider', 'company', 'France', 'customers', 'cell', 'shares', 'manufacturing', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'portfolio', 'acquisitions', '10,600 employees', 'globe', 'Contact', 'Head', 'Phone', 'Twitter', 'Sartorius_Group', 'LinkedIn', '09']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,marketscreener.com
36333,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SARTORIUS-STEDIM-BIOTECH-27471609/news/Sartorius-Stedim-Biotech-SA-Notification-and-public-disclosure-of-transactions-by-persons-dischargi-45971175/,Sartorius Stedim Biotech SA: Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them -February 16  2024 at 06:22,(marketscreener.com) Sartorius Stedim Biotech SASartorius Stedim Biotech SA: Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them 16-Feb-2024 / 12:20 CET/CEST…,Notification and public disclosure of transactions by persons discharging managerial responsibilities and persons closely associated with them1. Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities/person closely associatedCompany name: SARTORIUS STEDIM BIOTECHLegal form: S.A.2. Reason for the notificationThe person making the disclosure is a closely associated person mentioned of article 3.26) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of April 16  2014 on market abuse.Please give the identity and functions of the person with whom the reporting person has close personal ties.Type of person/entity: Legal entityCompany name: SARTORIUS AGPosition / status: Sartorius AG legal entity related to JOACHIM KREUZBURG  CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD and RENE FABER  CEOThis notification is an initial notification.3. Details of the issuerName: SARTORIUS STEDIM BIOTECHLEI: 52990006IVXY7GCSSR394. Details of the transaction(s)Date of the transaction: 2024/02/09Place of the transaction: Euronext ParisNature of the transaction: SubscriptionDescription of the financial instrument  type of instrument: ShareIdentification code: FR0013154002Detailed operation information:Unit price: EUR 233.00Volume: 1 716 739 sharesAggregated information:Weighted average price: EUR 233.00Volume: 1 716 739 sharesThe transaction is NOT related to the exercise of a stock option program or to a bonus or performance share grant.Date of receipt of the notification: 2024/02/145. CommentsDr. Joachim Kreuzburg is the chairman of the Board of Directors of Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. and CEO of Sartorius AG. Dr. René Fáber is CEO of Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A. and a member of the management board of Sartorius AG.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,negative,0.01,0.18,0.81,True,English,"['Sartorius Stedim Biotech SA', 'public disclosure', 'managerial responsibilities', 'Notification', 'transactions', 'persons', 'February', 'Sartorius Stedim Biotech S.A.', 'Dr. René Fáber', 'Sartorius AG legal entity', 'close personal ties', 'Detailed operation information', 'stock option program', 'Dr. Joachim Kreuzburg', '1,716,739 shares Aggregated information', 'performance share grant', 'Legal form', 'managerial responsibilities', 'Company name', 'EU) No', 'market abuse', 'RENE FABER', 'issuer Name', 'Euronext Paris', 'Identification code', 'Unit price', 'average price', 'public disclosure', 'financial instrument', 'management board', 'initial notification', 'reporting person', 'transactions', 'persons', 'Details', 'Reason', 'article', 'Regulation', 'April', 'identity', 'functions', 'Type', 'person/entity', 'Position', 'status', 'CHAIRMAN', 'THE', 'CEO', 'LEI', '52990006IVXY7GCSSR39', 'Date', 'Place', 'Nature', 'Subscription', 'Description', 'Volume', 'exercise', 'bonus', 'receipt', 'Comments', 'Directors', 'member', '2.']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,marketscreener.com
36334,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/16/2830529/0/en/Nexans-launches-a-share-buyback-program.html,Nexans launches a share buyback program,Nexans launches a share buyback program  _PRESS RELEASE_  Paris  February 16th  2024 – Nexans announces the launch of a share buyback program for a......,Nexans launches a share buyback program_PRESS RELEASE_Paris  February 16th  2024 – Nexans announces the launch of a share buyback program for a maximum number of 175 000 shares  in accordance with the 17th resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting of May 11th  2023  to allocate free shares and performance shares to eligible employees and corporate officers.Nexans has appointed an investment services provider for its implementation over the period from February 16th  2024 to March 31st  2024.About NexansFor over a century  Nexans has played a crucial role in the electrification of the planet and is committed to electrifying the future. With approximately 28 500 people in 41 countries  the Group is paving the way to a new world of safe  sustainable and decarbonized electricity that is accessible to everyone. In 2023  Nexans generated 6.5 billion euros in standard sales. The Group is a leader in the design and manufacturing of cable systems and services across four main business areas: Power Generation & Transmission  Distribution  Usage and Industry & Solutions. Nexans was the first company in its industry to create a Foundation supporting sustainable initiatives  bringing access to energy to disadvantaged communities worldwide. The Group is recognized on the CDP Climate Change A List as a global leader on climate action and has committed to Net-Zero emissions by 2050 aligned with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi).Nexans. Electrify the future.Nexans is listed on Euronext Paris  compartment A.For more information  please visit www.nexans.comContacts:CommunicationMael Evin (Havas Paris)Tel. : +33 (0)6 44 12 14 91nexans_h@havas.comInvestor relationsElodie Robbe-MouillotTel.: +33 (0)1 78 15 03 87elodie.robbe-mouillot@nexans.comAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['share buyback program', 'Nexans', 'CDP Climate Change A List', 'four main business areas', 'Science Based Targets initiative', 'share buyback program', 'investment services provider', 'climate action', 'a century', 'compartment A.', 'February 16th', 'maximum number', '17th resolution', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'May 11th', 'eligible employees', 'corporate officers', 'crucial role', 'new world', 'safe, sustainable', 'decarbonized electricity', '6.5 billion euros', 'standard sales', 'cable systems', 'Power Generation', 'first company', 'sustainable initiatives', 'disadvantaged communities', 'Net-Zero emissions', 'Mael Evin', 'Investor relations', 'free shares', 'performance shares', 'The Group', 'Euronext Paris', 'global leader', 'Elodie Robbe-Mouillot', 'Havas Paris', '175,000 shares', 'Nexans', 'launch', 'accordance', 'implementation', 'period', 'March', 'electrification', 'planet', 'future', '28,500 people', '41 countries', 'way', 'everyone', 'design', 'manufacturing', 'Transmission', 'Distribution', 'Usage', 'Industry', 'Solutions', 'Foundation', 'access', 'energy', 'SBTi', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Communication', 'Tel.', 'Attachment']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,globenewswire.com
36335,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/16/2830544/0/en/Santander-Global-Technology-Operations-S-L-awards-Lleida-net-two-lots-of-services-worth-1-89-million-euros-over-the-next-3-years.html,Santander Global Technology & Operations S.L. awards Lleida.net two lots of services worth 1.89 million euros over the next 3 years,Madrid  February 16th - Santander Global Technology & Operations S.L. has awarded the Spanish listed company Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) three lots of services for sending SMS for a total value of 1.89 million euros.,"Madrid  February 16th - Santander Global Technology & Operations S.L. has awarded the Spanish listed company Lleida.net (BME:LLN) (EPA:ALLLN) (OTCQX:LLEIF) three lots of services for sending SMS for a total value of 1.89 million euros.Santander Global Technology & Operations S.L. is the Banco Santander subsidiary responsible for ensuring that the group's banking services are of high quality  efficient and reliable.Lleida.net  founded in 1995  was first listed on BME Growth in 2015  the Madrid stock exchange. It subsequently executed a dual listing on Euronext Growth Paris in 2018 and on OTC Markets in New York in 2020. Its securities are also traded on the Frankfurt and Stuttgart stock exchanges.Lleida.net is one of Europe's leading companies in the certified electronic signature  notification and contracting industry.It has received more than 300 patents from more than 60 countries internationally  and has one of the strongest intellectual property portfolios in the industry.The company  whose technology is marketed in more than 50 countries  serves banks  credit institutions  telecommunications companies and insurance companies  among others.SAFE HARBOR STATEMENTThis press release contains statements regarding the future of the company and its innovations. Statements regarding the future may be accompanied by words such as ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""estimate""  ""wait""  ""anticipate""  ""pretend""  ""power""  ""plan""  ""potential""  the use of future time and other terms of similar meaning. No undue reliance should be placed on these claims. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in such statements  including uncertainty of the company's commercial success  ability to protect our intellectual property rights  and other risks. These statements are based on current beliefs and forecasts and refer only to the date of this press release. The company assumes no obligation to publicly update its forward-looking statements  regardless of whether new information  future events or any other circumstance arise.",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.04,0.25,0.71,True,English,"['Santander Global Technology', 'Operations S.L.', 'Lleida.net', 'two lots', 'next 3 years', 'services', '1.', 'strongest intellectual property portfolios', 'intellectual property rights', 'Operations S.L.', 'Banco Santander subsidiary', 'Stuttgart stock exchanges', 'SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Santander Global Technology', 'Madrid stock exchange', 'Spanish listed company', 'BME Growth', 'Lleida.net', 'BME:LLN', 'three lots', 'total value', '1.89 million euros', 'high quality', 'dual listing', 'OTC Markets', 'New York', 'leading companies', 'electronic signature', 'credit institutions', 'telecommunications companies', 'insurance companies', 'press release', 'other terms', 'similar meaning', 'undue reliance', 'actual results', 'commercial success', 'current beliefs', 'new information', 'other circumstance', 'banking services', 'contracting industry', 'future time', 'other risks', 'future events', 'forward-looking statements', 'February', 'EPA', 'ALLLN', 'OTCQX', 'LLEIF', 'SMS', 'group', 'securities', 'Frankfurt', 'Europe', 'notification', '300 patents', '60 countries', '50 countries', 'banks', 'others', 'innovations', 'words', 'power', 'plan', 'use', 'claims', 'uncertainties', 'uncertainty', 'ability', 'forecasts', 'date', 'obligation']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,globenewswire.com
36336,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.hospitalitynet.org/news/4120466.html,Mercure Hotels on Where to Eat in 2024,February is a whirlwind of festivities  from Chinese New Year to Mardi Gras  Valentine’s Day  and Midterm breaks  packed into its short span. With the bonus day of leap year  we’re given a brief pause to ponder a crucial question: what shall we eat this year?…,PARIS – February is a whirlwind of festivities  from Chinese New Year to Mardi Gras  Valentine's Day  and Midterm breaks  packed into its short span. With the bonus day of leap year  we're given a brief pause to ponder a crucial question: what shall we eat this year?Fortunately  Mercure Hotels is ready to inspire guests  travelers  and anyone feeling a bit peckish  to embark on a journey of local discovery. Mercure's Bucket List is a selection of 50 handpicked food and drink experiences  revealing some of the world’s most authentically cool spots to eat – each conveniently located within the vicinity of a charming and well-connected Mercure hotel.This isn’t your usual list of fine-dining hotspots  and award-winning chefs. Rather  Mercure’s Bucket List is about making those delightful  local discoveries – the ones you need to be in the know  to know. These are the heavenly taste experiences that talented cooks  fisherman  farmers  and artisans are quietly creating for their local clientele. Food experiences that reflect their history  their terroir  what’s indigenous  what’s in season. Our Mercure hotel teams are not only genuinely knowledgeable about their neighbourhoods  but they care about the local producers and suppliers in their regions. The hotel teams want to enrich their community and the guests’ that travel there and create an opportunity to learn about the craft and passion that’s put into local produce. Their favorite spots are gathered in our Bucket List as a way of celebrating what people are doing  making  and buzzing about in our communities. James Wheatcroft  Global SVP Midscale Brands at AccorMercure’s Bucket List is an extension of the brand’s popular ‘Discover Local’ program  which highlights local specialties and reveals unexpected local stories to its guests. This initiative underscores Mercure's dedication to providing guests with authentic  local experiences that go beyond traditional hospitality  fostering connections with communities and celebrating the essence and discovery of travel. With over 950 hotels worldwide  from Jakarta to Oxford  Mercure enjoys a warm and welcoming presence in its communities  with hotel teams delighted to share their insights with travelers about the local life of each neighborhood.To pique the appetites of food-driven travelers  here are a dozen tempting and wholly authentic experiences to try out in 2024. The full list is available at mercurebucketlist.com.After checking off a Mercure’s Bucket List experience  guests can return to a warm  authentic  and locally inspired Mercure hotel for a comfortable and cozy night’s sleep. To start planning that next trip and discover Mercure’s Bucket List experiences  visit Mercure’s Bucket List website.About Accor  a world-leading hospitality groupAccor is a world leading hospitality group consisting of more than 5 300 properties and 10 000 food and beverage venues throughout 110 countries. The group has one of the industry's most diverse and fully-integrated hospitality ecosystems encompassing more than 40 luxury  premium  midscale and economy hotel brands  entertainment and nightlife venues  restaurants and bars  branded private residences  shared accommodation properties  concierge services  co-working spaces and more. Accor's unmatched position in lifestyle hospitality – one of the fastest growing categories in the industry – is led by Ennismore  a joint venture  which Accor holds a majority shareholding. Ennismore is a creative hospitality company with a global collective of entrepreneurial and founder-built brands with purpose at their heart. Accor boasts an unrivalled portfolio of distinctive brands and more than 260 000 team members worldwide. Members benefit from the company's comprehensive loyalty program – ALL - Accor Live Limitless – a daily lifestyle companion that provides access to a wide variety of rewards  services and experiences. Through its Planet 21 – Acting Here  Accor Solidarity  RiiSE and ALL Heartist Fund initiatives  the Group is focused on driving positive action through business ethics  responsible tourism  environmental sustainability  community engagement  diversity and inclusivity. Founded in 1967  Accor SA is headquartered in France and publicly listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ISIN code: FR0000120404) and on the OTC Market (Ticker: ACCYY) in the United States. For more information visit group.accor.com  or follow Accor on Twitter  Facebook  LinkedIn  and Instagram.,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.56,0.43,0.01,True,English,"['Mercure Hotels', 'ALL Heartist Fund initiatives', 'Euronext Paris Stock Exchange', 'Global SVP Midscale Brands', 'world leading hospitality group', 'comprehensive loyalty program', 'integrated hospitality ecosystems', 'Chinese New Year', 'daily lifestyle companion', 'delightful, local discoveries', 'Discover Local’ program', 'unexpected local stories', 'heavenly taste experiences', 'economy hotel brands', 'world-leading hospitality group', 'creative hospitality company', 'Bucket List experience', 'Bucket List website', 'authentic, local experiences', 'Mercure hotel teams', 'lifestyle hospitality', 'global collective', 'traditional hospitality', 'authentic experiences', 'founder-built brands', 'distinctive brands', 'leap year', 'local clientele', 'local producers', 'local specialties', 'local life', 'usual list', 'full list', 'drink experiences', 'Mardi Gras', 'Midterm breaks', 'short span', 'brief pause', 'crucial question', 'cool spots', 'fine-dining hotspots', 'award-winning chefs', 'talented cooks', 'favorite spots', 'James Wheatcroft', 'welcoming presence', 'dozen tempting', 'cozy night', 'next trip', 'beverage venues', 'nightlife venues', 'private residences', 'working spaces', 'unmatched position', 'growing categories', 'joint venture', 'majority shareholding', 'unrivalled portfolio', 'wide variety', 'positive action', 'business ethics', 'responsible tourism', 'environmental sustainability', 'ISIN code', 'OTC Market', 'United States', 'Food experiences', 'local discovery', '50 handpicked food', 'bonus day', 'accommodation properties', 'concierge services', '260,000 team members', 'community engagement', 'food-driven travelers', 'Accor Live', 'Accor Solidarity', 'Accor SA', 'Mercure Hotels', '10,000 food', '950 hotels', '5,300 properties', 'February', 'whirlwind', 'festivities', 'Valentine', 'guests', 'journey', 'selection', 'vicinity', 'charming', 'know', 'fisherman', 'farmers', 'artisans', 'history', 'terroir', 'season', 'neighbourhoods', 'suppliers', 'regions', 'opportunity', 'craft', 'passion', 'way', 'people', 'communities', 'extension', 'dedication', 'connections', 'essence', 'Jakarta', 'Oxford', 'warm', 'insights', 'neighborhood', 'appetites', 'mercurebucketlist', 'comfortable', 'sleep', '110 countries', 'industry', 'diverse', 'entertainment', 'restaurants', 'bars', 'fastest', 'Ennismore', 'entrepreneurial', 'purpose', 'access', 'rewards', 'Planet', 'RiiSE', 'diversity', 'inclusivity', 'France', 'Ticker', 'ACCYY', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,hospitalitynet.org
36337,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DON-T-NOD-ENTERTAINMENT-43444427/news/Don-t-Nod-Entertainment-BANISHERS-GHOSTS-OF-NEW-EDEN-CELEBRATES-CRITICAL-ACCLAIM-WITH-A-SHINI-45970994/,Don't Nod Entertainment :  BANISHERS: GHOSTS OF NEW EDEN CELEBRATES CRITICAL ACCLAIM WITH A SHINING ACCOLADES TRAILER,(marketscreener.com)  Paris  February 16  2024 - DON'T NOD  an independent French studio that creates  develops  and publishes video games and Focus Entertainment are pleased to announce that Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden launched with critical acclaim on F…,"Paris  February 16  2024 - DON'T NOD  an independent French studio that creates  develops  and publishes video games and Focus Entertainment are pleased to announce that Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden launched with critical acclaim on February 13.Discover how the intimate narrative Action-RPG conquered the hearts of players  with a current 4 75/5 player score on PlayStation  4 9/5 on Xbox  and 89% user score on Steam  and garnered worldwide praise from the press in today's Accolades trailer.Immersing players in an atmospheric  lore-rich world  Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden strikes a chord thanks to its engaging and well-written story  dynamic combat system and excellent character performances.Focus Entertainment and DON'T NOD are thrilled by such a positive reception  and can't wait to hear what players will share in the future  as they take on an emotionally moving journey between life  death  love and sacrifices.Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden is out now on PlayStation 5 Xbox Series X|S Steam andEpic Games Store.Buy the game  grab its Collector's Edition or the Red Echoes Edition  andsign up as a Focus member or subscribe to the newsletter to get the latest exclusive information and upcoming special offers for Banishers: Ghosts of New Eden and the entire Focus catalog.About DON'T NODDON'T NOD is an independent French publisher and developer  based in Paris and Montreal  creating original narrative games in the adventure (LIFE is STRANGETM  TELL ME WHYTM  TWIN MIRRORTM)  RPG (VAMPYRTM)  and action (REMEMBER METM) genres. The studio is internationally renowned for unique narrative experiences with engaging stories and characters  and has worked with industry leading publishers Square Enix  Microsoft  Bandai Namco Entertainment  Focus Entertainment  and Capcom. DON'T NOD creates and publishes its own IPs developed in-house  such as Harmony: The Fall of ReverieTM and JusantTM   as well as using its knowledge and experience to collaborate with third-party developers whose editorial visions parallel the company's own.Step into the studio's immersive and innovative universe at dont-nod.comDON'T NOD (ISIN code: FR0013331212 - ALDNE) is listed on Euronext Growth ParisDON'T NODOskar GUILBERTChief Executive OfficerBenoît GISBERT MORADeputy General Managerinvest@dont-nod.com ACTUS finance & communicationCorinne PUISSANTAnalyst/Investor relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 77 - dontnod@actus.frAmaury DUGASTPress relationsTel.: 33 (0)1 53 67 36 74 - adugast@actus.frAbout FOCUS ENTERTAINMENTFOCUS ENTERTAINMENT is one of the European leaders in video game publishing and development. Publisher of strong licenses such as A Plague Tale  Atomic Heart  Evil West  The Surge and SnowRunner  its mission is to support leading French and international studios in the development  production monitoring  marketing  sales and financing of their projects. FOCUS ENTERTAINMENT generates more than 95% of its sales internationally. The Group generated turnover of €194.1 million in 2022-2023.All financial information pertaining to FOCUS ENTERTAINMENT can be found at www.focus-entmt.com.For more information follow us on social mediaTwitter - LinkedIn - Instagram - YouTube – FacebookThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: l3Bvk5WXaGiVynFxZJ5pmmaUm5uWlmCam2WZnGJtapvFmW6SmGpll8XGZnFll2pr- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com .Regulated information:Inside Information:- other releases Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/84255-2024_02_16_cp_dne_accolade_banishers_vdef_vuk.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com   it's free© 2024 ActusNews",neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,positive,0.91,0.08,0.01,True,English,"['NEW EDEN CELEBRATES CRITICAL ACCLAIM', 'SHINING ACCOLADES TRAILER', 'Entertainment', 'BANISHERS', 'GHOSTS', 'Oskar GUILBERT Chief Executive Officer', 'PlayStation 5,Xbox Series X|S', 'current 4,75/5 player score', 'Benoît GISBERT MORA', 'intimate narrative Action-RPG', 'dynamic combat system', 'excellent character performances', 'upcoming special offers', 'TELL ME WHYTM', 'unique narrative experiences', 'Deputy General Manager', 'A Plague Tale', 'andEpic Games Store', 'original narrative games', 'industry leading publishers', 'original press release', 'Bandai Namco Entertainment', 'entire Focus catalog', 'Red Echoes Edition', 'next press releases', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'independent French publisher', 'video game publishing', 'independent French studio', 'SECURITY MASTER Key', 'Actusnews SECURITY MASTER', ""DON'T NOD"", 'video games', 'leading French', '89% user score', 'other releases', 'Press relations', 'Focus Entertainment', 'Focus member', 'New Eden', 'critical acclaim', 'Accolades trailer', 'positive reception', 'moving journey', 'TWIN MIRRORTM', 'REMEMBER METM', 'Square Enix', 'third-party developers', 'editorial visions', 'innovative universe', 'ISIN code', 'Investor relations', 'Amaury DUGAST', 'European leaders', 'strong licenses', 'Atomic Heart', 'Evil West', 'international studios', 'production monitoring', 'social media', 'exclusive information', 'financial information', 'Regulated information', 'Inside Information', 'The Surge', 'The Group', 'engaging stories', 'ACTUS finance', 'February', 'Banishers', 'Ghosts', 'hearts', 'players', 'Steam', 'praise', 'today', 'chord', 'future', 'life', 'death', 'love', 'sacrifices', 'Collector', 'newsletter', 'latest', 'Montreal', 'adventure', 'STRANGETM', 'VAMPYRTM', 'genres', 'characters', 'Microsoft', 'Capcom', 'IPs', 'house', 'Harmony', 'Fall', 'ReverieTM', 'JusantTM', 'knowledge', 'company', 'immersive', 'ALDNE', 'communication', 'Tel.', 'adugast', 'development', 'SnowRunner', 'mission', 'marketing', 'sales', 'financing', 'projects', 'turnover', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'YouTube', 'Facebook', 'publication', 'l3Bvk5WXaGiVynFxZJ5pmmaUm5uWlmCam2WZnGJtapvFmW6SmGpll8XGZnFll2pr', 'Full', 'PDF', 'cp', 'vuk', 'email', '1', '2024']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,marketscreener.com
36338,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/TOTALENERGIES-SE-4717/news/Capital-Increase-Reserved-for-Employees-of-TotalEnergies-in-2024-45973921/,Capital Increase Reserved for Employees of TotalEnergies in 2024,(marketscreener.com) Regulatory News:In accordance with its policy in favor of employee shareholding  TotalEnergies SE is implementing its annual capital increase reserved for employees and former employees of the TotalEnergies company . Through this oper…,"Regulatory News:In accordance with its policy in favor of employee shareholding  TotalEnergies SE (the “Corporation”) (Paris:TTE) (LSE:TTE) (NYSE:TTE) is implementing its annual capital increase reserved for employees and former employees of the TotalEnergies company (the “Company”). Through this operation  TotalEnergies SE intends to continue involving its employees in the Company’s growth. Employee shareholders  within the meaning of Article L. 225-102 of the French Commercial Code and article 11 par. 6 of the Articles of Association of TotalEnergies SE  held 7.4% of TotalEnergies SE’s share capital as of December 31  2023.The sixteenth resolution of the Shareholders’ Meeting held on May 26  2023 granted the Board of Directors (the “Board”) the authority to decide  within a maximum period of 26 months  to carry out one or more capital increases of ordinary shares without preferential subscription rights  not to exceed 1.5% of the share capital at the date of the Board meeting deciding on the operation and reserved to members of a savings plan pursuant to the provisions of Articles L. 225-129 et seq.  L. 225-138 and L. 225-138-1 of the French Commercial Code and Articles L. 3332-1 to L. 3332-9 and L. 3332-18 to L. 3332-24 of the French Labor Code.The Board  pursuant to the above-mentioned authorization  decided during its meeting on September 21  2023  to carry out  in 2024  a new share capital increase reserved for employees and former employees of the Company pursuant to the following conditions:Maximum number of shares to be offered and total amount of the offer: 18 million shares with a nominal value of €2.50 each  representing a total nominal amount of €45 million  which is the equivalent of 0.72% of the share capital as of the date of the Board’s decision.Description of the newly issued shares: same category as existing TotalEnergies shares with immediate dividend rights. The rights attached to the newly issued shares are the same as the rights attached to the existing shares of the Corporation  and are described in the Articles of Association of TotalEnergies SE.Listing of the newly issued shares on Euronext: on the same line as existing TotalEnergies shares (ISIN code FR0000120271)  from their issuance. American Depositary Receipts admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange may be issued in exchange for the new shares.Share subscription price: equal to price corresponding to the average of the closing prices of the TotalEnergies shares on Euronext over the 20 trading sessions preceding the date of the decision setting the opening date for the subscription period  reduced by a 30% discount  and rounded off to the highest tenth of a euro. The subscription price will be definitively fixed before the beginning of the subscription period.Indicative timeline (subject to the Chairman and CEO’s decision):- Determination of the subscription price: April 25  2024;- Subscription period: from April 29  2024 to May 14  2024 (included).Please refer to the appendix to this press release for further information on this operation.____About TotalEnergiesTotalEnergies is a global multi-energy company that produces and markets energies: oil and biofuels  natural gas and green gases  renewables and electricity. Our more than 100 000 employees are committed to energy that is ever more affordable  more sustainable  more reliable and accessible to as many people as possible. Active in nearly 130 countries  TotalEnergies puts sustainable development in all its dimensions at the heart of its projects and operations to contribute to the well-being of people.@TotalEnergies - TotalEnergies - TotalEnergies - TotalEnergiesCautionary NoteThe program  reserved to eligible employees and retirees of the Company  will be implemented in France as well as in certain foreign countries  including the United States  where the shares offered in the United States will be registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Shares and FCPE units offered outside the United States will not be registered with the SEC. In particular  the units of the below-mentioned FCPEs cannot be offered or sold in the United States directly or indirectly (or in its territories or possessions)  or for the benefit of a ""U.S. Person""  as defined in American regulations. Persons wishing to subscribe to units in these FCPEs  will have to certify  when subscribing  that they are not ""U.S. Persons"". The definition of ""U.S. Person"" is available on the FCPE Management Company's website (www.amundi.com).This press release is produced for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer for the sale or the subscription of securities. Moreover  this press release should not be distributed in the countries where the offering remains subject to approval of the local authorities.The offer will be issued only in the countries where the local administrative and regulatory procedures have been implemented (in particular  the registration procedures  notification  granting of authorizations and/or applicable exemptions and the information or the consultation of the representatives of the employees).This press release represents the document required to qualify for the exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus as defined in Articles 1 4°i) and 5°h) of the Regulation (UE) 2017/1129 of June 14  2017.Appendix to the press release on February 16  2024Issuer: TotalEnergies SEInformation related to TotalEnergies SE is available on its website (www.totalenergies.com) and more specifically in its 2020 Universal Registration Document  the French version of which was filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers (“AMF”) on March 24  2023 under the registration number D. 23-0144 and is also available free of charge at the head office of TotalEnergies SE.Scope of the reserved offering: corporations and BeneficiariesApproximately 115 000 beneficiaries are eligible to participate in the 2024 capital increase.Subject to compliance with regulations and required administrative approvals being obtained in the different countries  this capital increase will be reserved to employees and former employees of the Corporation and its French and non-French subsidiaries  the capital or voting rights of which  as of the opening date for the subscription period  are directly or indirectly held at more than 50% by TotalEnergies SE (the “Subsidiaries”)  members of the PEG-A:- employees of TotalEnergies SE and its Subsidiaries:who have at least 3 months of employment with the Company as of the last day of the subscription period; and- former employees of TotalEnergies SE or the Subsidiaries  if they:have left the Company due to retirement or early retirement;had made at least one payment in the PEG-A before termination of their employment;still have assets invested in the PEG-A  and  thus  are members of the plan.Matching contributionEmployees subscribing to the offering will benefit from a matching contribution in the form of a free allotment of additional shares  determined based on the amount of the personal contribution and within the limits of ten free shares per employee and within the maximum amount of the offering set by the Board at its meeting on September 21  2023.Subscription terms and conditionsThe beneficiaries will have the opportunity to subscribe via employee shareholding funds (“FCPEs”) created for the needs of this offering and which have been approved by the AMF. In the countries where this option is not available the shares will be directly subscribed.Voting rights attached to the shares subscribed through an FCPE will be exercised by the Supervisory Board of such FCPE. With respect to the shares subscribed directly by employees  the voting rights will be exercised by the subscribers individually.Maximum subscriptionPursuant to Article L. 3332-10 of the French Labor Code  the amount of the payments made each year by an employee as part of a savings plan (excluding matching contribution and profit-sharing schemes  i.e.  intéressement and participation) cannot exceed one quarter of the employee’s gross annual salary.Lock-up period for the units or sharesPursuant to Article L. 3332-25 of the French Labor Code  shares or FCPE units subscribed in this offering must be held during a lock-up period of five years  except for certain early release cases provided for by Articles L. 3324-10 et R. 3324-22 of the French Labor Code. For beneficiaries who are not French tax residents  the list of early release cases may be adapted due to legal provisions applicable locally.Rule for reduction of subscription requestsThe capital increase will be fulfilled by the total number of shares subscribed directly by employees and via the FCPEs. If the total number of subscribed shares exceeds the maximum number of shares offered by the Board of Directors at its meeting on September 21  2023 (18 million shares  including shares allotted as an immediate employer contribution)  the subscriptions will be cut back in the following manner:- all subscription undertakings will be fully honored up to the subscription average  defined as the quotient between the maximum number of shares offered by the Board and the number of subscribers - subscriptions undertakings that exceed the subscription average will be fulfilled in proportion to the number of subscription undertakings not yet fulfilled with the reduction being made as follows:the reduction will be carried out on a pro rata basis according to the subscription undertakings; andthe reduction will be carried out first on the portion of the offer paid in cash  then on the portion paid with salary advance and then  when applicable  on the portion paid with profit-sharing schemes.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240216347292/en/",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,negative,0.01,0.49,0.5,True,English,"['Capital', 'Employees', 'TotalEnergies', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'new share capital increase', 'annual capital increase', 'U.S. Person', 'French Commercial Code', 'French Labor Code', 'American Depositary Receipts', 'immediate dividend rights', 'global multi-energy company', 'total nominal amount', 'FCPE Management Company', 'preferential subscription rights', 'Share subscription price', 'existing TotalEnergies shares', 'new shares', 'total amount', 'ISIN code', 'capital increases', 'nominal value', 'American regulations', 'existing shares', 'Exchange Commission', 'subscription period', 'Regulatory News', 'employee shareholding', 'Paris:TTE', 'LSE:TTE', 'NYSE:TTE', 'Employee shareholders', 'sixteenth resolution', 'maximum period', 'savings plan', 'following conditions', 'Maximum number', 'same category', 'same line', 'closing prices', '20 trading sessions', 'highest tenth', 'Indicative timeline', 'press release', 'natural gas', 'green gases', 'sustainable development', 'Cautionary Note', 'United States', 'local authorities', 'local administrative', 'regulatory procedures', 'registration procedures', 'applicable exemptions', 'FCPE units', 'TotalEnergies SE', 'ordinary shares', '18 million shares', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'many people', 'information purposes', 'TotalEnergies company', 'former employees', 'eligible employees', 'The Board', 'opening date', 'foreign countries', 'Board meeting', 'Article L.', 'Articles L.', 'Persons', '100,000 employees', '130 countries', 'accordance', 'policy', 'favor', 'Corporation', 'operation', 'growth', 'meaning', 'par.', 'Association', 'December', 'May', 'Directors', 'authority', '26 months', 'one', 'members', 'provisions', 'authorization', 'September', 'offer', 'equivalent', 'decision', 'Description', 'Listing', 'issuance', 'average', '30% discount', 'euro', 'beginning', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'Determination', 'April', 'appendix', 'markets', 'oil', 'biofuels', 'renewables', 'electricity', 'dimensions', 'heart', 'projects', 'well-being', 'program', 'retirees', 'France', 'Securities', 'FCPEs', 'territories', 'possessions', 'benefit', 'definition', 'website', 'amundi', 'sale', 'approval', 'notification', 'granting']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,marketscreener.com
36339,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s-45968781/,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s) -February 16  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-36044/news/BG…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 15 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.4694 £ 24.5355 Estimated MTD return -0.94 % -0.89 % Estimated YTD return -0.29 % -0.14 % Estimated ITD return 174.69 % 145.35 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.81 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.37 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.6864 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.5599The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'February', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'Estimated NAV', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,marketscreener.com
36340,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s-45968783/,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s) -February 16  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com)                                       BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BOUSSARD-GAVAUDAN-HOLDING-3840782/news/BGHL-GBP-NA…,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 15 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.4694 £ 24.5355 Estimated MTD return -0.94 % -0.89 % Estimated YTD return -0.29 % -0.14 % Estimated ITD return 174.69 % 145.35 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.81 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.37 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.6864 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.5599The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['NAV(s', 'BGHL', 'GBP', 'February', '01', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'Estimated NAV', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,marketscreener.com
36341,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/16/2830513/0/en/BGHL-GBP-NAV-s.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED      Ordinary Shares      The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 15 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.4694 £ 24.5355 Estimated MTD return -0.94 % -0.89 % Estimated YTD return -0.29 % -0.14 % Estimated ITD return 174.69 % 145.35 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.81 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.37 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.6864 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.5599The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'Estimated NAV', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,globenewswire.com
36342,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/JDE-PEET-S-N-V-107634499/news/JDE-Peet-s-expands-collaboration-with-Costa-Coffee-45971886/,JDE Peet's expands collaboration with Costa Coffee,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  16 February 2024JDE Peet’s is pleased to announce that  starting in September 2024  JDE Peet’s will manufacture  distribute  and sell Costa Coffee branded aluminium coffee capsules in Great Britain. The expanded co…,"PRESS RELEASEAmsterdam  16 February 2024JDE Peet’s (EURONEXT: JDEP) is pleased to announce that  starting in September 2024  JDE Peet’s will manufacture  distribute  and sell Costa Coffee branded aluminium coffee capsules in Great Britain. The expanded collaboration between the two companies marks a significant development in their partnership which will serve as a key driver of future growth in Great Britain.Since 2012  JDE Peet’s has offered Costa Coffee-branded single-serve coffee pods for the Tassimo brewer system  unlocking significant category growth. Combining Costa Coffee’s unique premium coffee shop appeal in Great Britain to JDE Peet’s in-home espresso-based technology and go-to-market will elevate single-serve offerings for both companies.JDE Peet’s recently launched the L’OR Barista coffee brewer system in the UK – a unique proposition capable of accommodating a wide range of coffee drinks. With this new collaboration  JDE Peet’s will be able to offer consumers a wider range of choices through an extended brand portfolio and drive category value with its customer partners.The manufacture  distribution  and sale of other coffee products in the Costa Coffee portfolio  such as instant coffee  whole beans  and roast and ground  will remain with Costa Coffee and are not covered by the new partnership.Fabien Simon  CEO of JDE Peet’s  commented: “We are excited to expand our collaboration with Costa Coffee. By extending the range of products offered under the L’OR Barista aluminium capsule system  we can offer coffee enthusiasts in Great Britain a wider selection of high-quality  single-serve choices at home. This important collaboration underscores our commitment to premiumisation through our unique coffee brewer technology as we serve more cups globally.”Philippe Schaillee  CEO of Costa Coffee  commented: “We’re delighted to be growing our collaboration with JDE Peet’s. Our ambition is to lead the coffee sector by innovating and creating new experiences for consumers  whether that’s in a Costa Coffee store  away-from-home through our Costa Express and Proud to Serve coffee solutions  or at-home through our fantastic range of capsules  instant coffee  whole beans  and roast and ground. We’re confident that we’ll be able to unlock further growth and more people will be able to enjoy their favourite Costa coffee both on-the-go and at home.”# # #EnquiriesMediaWill Hummel+31 6 3917 7280Media@JDEPeets.comInvestors & AnalystsRobin Jansen+31 6 1594 4569IR@JDEPeets.comAbout JDE Peet’sJDE Peet’s is the world's leading pure-play coffee and tea company  serving approximately 4 200 cups of coffee or tea per second. JDE Peet's unleashes the possibilities of coffee and tea in more than 100 markets  with a portfolio of over 50 brands including L’OR  Peet’s  Jacobs  Senseo  Tassimo  Douwe Egberts  OldTown  Super  Pickwick and Moccona. In 2022  JDE Peet’s generated total sales of EUR 8.2 billion and employed a global workforce of more than 20 000 employees. Read more about our journey towards a coffee and tea for every cup at www.jdepeets.com.About Costa CoffeeFounded in London by Italian brothers Sergio and Bruno Costa in 1971  Costa Coffee is present in 50 countries around the world  with 2 800+ coffee shops in the UK & Ireland and 1 400+ globally. We are proud to be the Nation’s Favourite coffee shop  having been awarded “Best Branded Coffee Shop Chain in the UK and Ireland"" by Allegra Strategies for 14 consecutive years (2010  2011  2012  2013  2014  2015  2016  2017  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  2023).Making a positive contribution to the communities we are part of is extremely important to us  both here in the UK and across the world. That’s why we established The Costa Foundation in 2007  a registered charity with the aim of improving the life chances of children in coffee growing communities by helping them access a safe  quality education. So far  The Costa Foundation has funded over 100 school projects and changed the lives of more than 120 000 children. We also have a UK-wide Community Programme  which enables our teams to volunteer their time to good causes locally and to invite community groups to make use of our welcoming space in stores.In 2011  Costa Coffee purchased Coffee Nation  which is now Costa Express. Today  Costa Express operates in 20 international markets  with over 14 200+ coffee machines in the UK and more than 1 600+ globally. Proudly serving the same Costa Coffee Mocha Italia Signature Blend coffee beans found in stores  combined with fresh milk to create a delicious and warming cup of coffee on the go. In 2022  Costa Coffee announced that it would be rolling out its innovative Costa Express’s Hot and Iced Drinks self-serve machines.Costa Coffee’s Proud to Serve offer enables our corporate partners to serve a range of Costa Coffee beverages for customers and employees  without the need of a full Costa Coffee store. With presence across 22 international markets  Costa Coffee proudly supports over 30 000+ Proud to Serve sites across the UK and globally.All Costa Coffee products  including our At-Home and Costa Coffee in a can range  have been expertly crafted by Gennaro Pelliccia  our Master of Coffee and uses Rainforest Alliance Certified™ coffee beans.www.costa.co.ukAttachment",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,positive,0.71,0.28,0.02,True,English,"['JDE Peet', 'Costa Coffee', 'collaboration', 'same Costa Coffee Mocha Italia Signature Blend coffee beans', 'L’OR Barista aluminium capsule system', 'L’OR Barista coffee brewer system', 'Best Branded Coffee Shop Chain', 'unique premium coffee shop appeal', 'Costa Coffee-branded single-serve coffee pods', 'Iced Drinks self-serve machines', 'unique coffee brewer technology', 'full Costa Coffee store', 'Tassimo brewer system', 'Favourite coffee shop', 'aluminium coffee capsules', '14,200+ coffee machines', 'safe, quality education', '2,800+ coffee shops', 'The Costa Foundation', 'favourite Costa coffee', 'Costa Coffee beverages', 'UK-wide Community Programme', 'extended brand portfolio', 'high-quality, single-serve choices', 'innovative Costa Express', 'home espresso-based technology', 'Costa Coffee portfolio', 'other coffee products', 'significant category growth', 'coffee drinks', 'unique proposition', 'single-serve offerings', 'instant coffee', 'coffee enthusiasts', 'coffee sector', 'coffee solutions', 'Bruno Costa', 'significant development', 'community groups', 'Coffee Nation', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Great Britain', 'key driver', 'future growth', 'customer partners', 'Fabien Simon', 'wider selection', 'Philippe Schaillee', 'new experiences', 'Will Hummel', 'Robin Jansen', 'leading pure-play', 'Douwe Egberts', 'total sales', 'global workforce', 'Italian brothers', 'Allegra Strategies', '14 consecutive years', 'positive contribution', 'life chances', '100 school projects', 'good causes', 'welcoming space', 'fresh milk', 'corporate partners', 'JDE Peet', '20 international markets', '22 international markets', 'expanded collaboration', 'wide range', 'new collaboration', 'wider range', 'important collaboration', 'fantastic range', 'two companies', 'new partnership', 'Enquiries Media', 'growing communities', 'warming cup', '30,000+ Proud', 'tea company', '100 markets', 'Amsterdam', '16 February', 'EURONEXT', 'JDEP', 'September', 'consumers', 'value', 'manufacture', 'distribution', 'roast', 'ground', 'CEO', 'commitment', 'premiumisation', 'cups', 'ambition', 'people', 'Investors', 'Analysts', 'world', 'second', 'possibilities', '50 brands', 'Jacobs', 'Senseo', 'OldTown', 'Super', 'Pickwick', 'Moccona', '20,000 employees', 'journey', 'London', 'Sergio', '50 countries', 'Ireland', 'charity', 'aim', 'children', 'lives', 'teams', 'time', 'stores', 'delicious', 'Hot', 'customers', 'need', 'presence', 'sites', 'globall']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,marketscreener.com
36343,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2024/02/16/ubs-group-ag-boosts-stake-in-public-storage-nysepsa/,UBS Group AG Boosts Stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),UBS Group AG raised its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 34.1% in the third quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The fund owned 132 535 shares of the real estate investment trus…,UBS Group AG raised its position in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 34.1% in the third quarter  according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission. The fund owned 132 535 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after acquiring an additional 33 720 shares during the quarter. UBS Group AG’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $34 926 000 as of its most recent SEC filing.Several other institutional investors and hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in PSA. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Public Storage in the fourth quarter valued at $670 512 000. Capital International Investors lifted its position in Public Storage by 37.3% in the second quarter. Capital International Investors now owns 7 504 560 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $2 190 431 000 after acquiring an additional 2 037 973 shares during the last quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Public Storage by 111 535.5% during the fourth quarter. Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1 246 968 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $349 388 000 after purchasing an additional 1 245 851 shares in the last quarter. Second Half Financial Partners LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Public Storage in the 3rd quarter valued at about $290 129 000. Finally  Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its position in Public Storage by 63.6% during the first quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 2 755 605 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $832 580 000 after buying an additional 1 071 347 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.75% of the company’s stock.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Trading Up 2.1 %Shares of PSA stock opened at $286.26 on Friday. Public Storage has a fifty-two week low of $233.18 and a fifty-two week high of $316.48. The company has a quick ratio of 0.98  a current ratio of 0.98 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.54. The business has a fifty day simple moving average of $290.98 and a 200-day simple moving average of $274.36. The stock has a market cap of $50.34 billion  a P/E ratio of 26.24  a P/E/G ratio of 3.86 and a beta of 0.55.Insider Buying and Selling at Public StorageAnalysts Set New Price TargetsIn other Public Storage news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 265 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday  December 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $282.17  for a total value of $74 775.05. Following the sale  the insider now owns 13 021 shares of the company’s stock  valued at $3 674 135.57. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which can be accessed through the SEC website . In related news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 265 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday  December 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $282.17  for a total value of $74 775.05. Following the sale  the insider now owns 13 021 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $3 674 135.57. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC  which is available through this link . Also  Director John Reyes sold 50 000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday  December 11th. The stock was sold at an average price of $275.98  for a total value of $13 799 000.00. Following the transaction  the director now directly owns 174 192 shares of the company’s stock  valued at approximately $48 073 508.16. The disclosure for this sale can be found here . In the last three months  insiders sold 55 265 shares of company stock worth $15 170 525. 11.00% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders.A number of research analysts have commented on PSA shares. The Goldman Sachs Group lifted their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $307.00 to $340.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday  January 11th. Truist Financial lifted their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $285.00 to $315.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday  December 28th. StockNews.com initiated coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research report on Saturday  October 21st. They set a “hold” rating for the company. Scotiabank began coverage on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Tuesday. They set a “sector perform” rating and a $267.00 price target on the stock. Finally  Evercore ISI raised their price objective on shares of Public Storage from $268.00 to $271.00 and gave the company an “in-line” rating in a research report on Monday  November 27th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating  five have given a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. According to data from MarketBeat.com  the stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $293.00.Get Our Latest Stock Analysis on PSAPublic Storage Profile(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At September 30  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 028 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 217 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 267 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Recommended StoriesWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['UBS Group AG', 'Public Storage', 'Stake', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD', 'Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC', 'Second Half Financial Partners LLC', 'fifty day simple moving average', 'real estate investment trust', '200-day simple moving average', 'The Goldman Sachs Group', 'recent Form 13F filing', 'Several other institutional investors', 'insider Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'other Public Storage news', 'UBS Group AG', 'Capital International Investors', 'average price target', 'last three months', 'New Price Targets', 'One research analyst', 'recent SEC filing', 'Director John Reyes', 'sector perform” rating', 'Public Storage alerts', 'Public Storage Profile', 'Latest Stock Analysis', 'Truist Financial', '$267.00 price target', 'second quarter', 'related news', 'price objective', 'legal filing', 'new stake', 'last quarter', 'research note', 'research report', 'Free Report', 'Exchange Commission', 'hedge funds', 'Norges Bank', 'fifty-two week', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'equity ratio', 'market cap', 'P/E ratio', 'P/E/G ratio', 'total value', 'SEC website', 'buy” rating', 'StockNews.com', 'Evercore ISI', 'sell rating', 'buy rating', 'MarketBeat.com', 'consensus rating', 'third quarter', 'fourth quarter', '3rd quarter', 'first quarter', 'Insider Buying', 'hold” rating', 'hold rating', 'research analysts', 'NYSE:PSA', 'corporate insiders', 'December 28th', 'additional 33,720 shares', 'additional 2,037,973 shares', 'additional 1,245,851 shares', 'additional 1,071,347 shares', 'PSA shares', 'PSA stock', 'company stock', '132,535 shares', '7,504,560 shares', '1,246,968 shares', '2,755,605 shares', '265 shares', '13,021 shares', '50,000 shares', '174,192 shares', 'position', 'Securities', 'holdings', 'stakes', 'period', 'Friday', 'debt', 'business', 'beta', 'Selling', 'transaction', 'sale', 'Wednesday', 'link', 'firm', 'Monday', 'disclosure', 'number', 'Thursday', 'January', 'coverage', 'Saturday', 'October', 'Scotiabank', 'Tuesday', 'line', 'November', 'data', 'member']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,etfdailynews.com
36344,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/16/2830512/0/en/BGHL-EUR-NAV-s.html,BGHL (EUR): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED   Ordinary Shares  The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding...,"BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 15 Feb 2024.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 27.4694 £ 24.5355 Estimated MTD return -0.94 % -0.89 % Estimated YTD return -0.29 % -0.14 % Estimated ITD return 174.69 % 145.35 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 25.60 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -6.81 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 150.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -12.37 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 299 516 123 090 Held in treasury N/A N/A Shares Issued 12 299 516 123 090Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 245.6864 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.5599The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.01,0.27,0.72,True,English,"['BGHL', 'EUR', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'treasury N/A N/A Shares', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'UK Listing Authority', 'US Securities Act', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'N/A GBX', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'Estimated NAV', 'information purposes', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'business', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'Outstanding', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,globenewswire.com
36345,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/16/2830805/0/en/Final-result-of-SATO-Corporation-s-rights-offeringFinal-result-of-SATO-Corporation-s-rights-offering.html,Final result of SATO Corporation’s rights offeringFinal result of SATO Corporation’s rights offering,SATO CORPORATION Stock Exchange Release 16 February 2024 at 4.15 pm EEST  NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR...,SATO CORPORATION Stock Exchange Release 16 February 2024 at 4.15 pm EESTNOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  HONG KONG  SOUTH AFRICA  SINGAPORE  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE RELEASE OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.Subscription period of SATO Corporation’s (the “Company”) rights offering (the “Offering”) expired on 14 February 2024. According to the final result  a total of 28 279 377 new shares in the Company were subscribed for in the Offering  which corresponds to approximately 99.90 per cent of the 28 308 533 new shares in the Company offered in the Offering. The subscription price was EUR 7.07 per new share. The Offering will generate for the Company gross proceeds of approximately EUR 200 million. The proceeds raised in the share issue will be entered in full in the Company’s reserve for invested non-restricted equity.The Board of Directors of the Company has today  on 16 February 2024  decided on the approval of the subscriptions made in the Offering in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Offering. As the Offering was almost fully subscribed  no unsubscribed offer shares were offered for subscription in a secondary offering. The Offering will increase the number of shares in the Company by 28 279 377 shares from the current 56 783 067 to 85 062 444 shares. The new shares correspond to approximately 33.25 per cent of all shares in the Company after the completion of the Offering.The new shares will be registered with the Trade Register maintained by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office on or about 20 February 2024.The new shares will carry the right to receive dividends and other distributions of funds by the Company  if any  and to other shareholder rights in the Company as of the registration of the shares with the Trade Register and in the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on or about 21 February 2024.SATO CORPORATIONFor more information  please contact:Antti Aarnio  President and CEO  phone: +358 20 134 4200Markku Honkasalo  CFO  phone: +358 20 134 4226www.sato.fi/enCC: Euronext Dublin  main media  www.sato.fi/enSATO Corporation is an expert in sustainable rental housing and one of Finland’s largest rental housing providers. SATO owns around 25 000 rental homes in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area  Tampere and Turku.SATO aims to provide an excellent customer experience and a comprehensive range of urban rental housing alternatives with good access to public transport and services. We promote sustainable development and work in open interaction with our stakeholders. SATO invests profitably  sustainably and with a long-term view. We increase the value of our assets through investments  divestments and repairs.In 2023  SATO Group’s net sales totalled EUR 288.4 million  operating profit EUR -113.6 million and profit before taxes EUR -185.8 million. The value of SATO’s investment properties is around EUR 4.9 billion. www.sato.fiIMPORTANT INFORMATIONThis release is not an offer for sale of securities in the United States. Securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended. The Company does not intend to register any part of the Offering in the United States or to conduct a public offering of securities in the United States.The distribution of this release may be restricted by law  and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. The information contained herein is not for publication or distribution  directly or indirectly  in or into the United States  Canada  Australia  Hong Kong  South Africa  Singapore  Japan or New Zealand. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. This release is not directed to  and is not intended for distribution to or use by  any person or entity that is a citizen or resident or located in any locality  state  country or other jurisdiction where such distribution  publication  availability or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would require any registration or licensing within such jurisdiction.This release is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). Any securities mentioned herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe for  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  Relevant Persons. Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this release or any of its contents.This release does not constitute a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and  as such  does not constitute or form part of  and should not be construed as  an offer to sell  or a solicitation or invitation of any offer to buy  acquire or subscribe for  any securities or an inducement to enter into investment activity.No part of this release  nor the fact of its distribution  should form the basis of  or be relied on in connection with  any contract or commitment or investment decision whatsoever. The information contained in this release has not been independently verified. No representation  warranty or undertaking  expressed or implied  is made as to  and no reliance should be placed on  the fairness  accuracy  completeness or correctness of the information or the opinions contained herein. The Company or any of its respective affiliates  advisors or representatives or any other person  shall have no liability whatsoever (in negligence or otherwise) for any loss however arising from any use of this release or its contents or otherwise arising in connection with this release. Each person must rely on their own examination and analysis of the Company  its subsidiaries  its securities and the transactions  including the merits and risks involved.,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,mixed,0.28,0.29,0.43,True,English,"['rights offeringFinal result', 'SATO Corporation', 'high net worth companies', 'largest rental housing providers', 'urban rental housing alternatives', 'SATO CORPORATION Stock Exchange Release', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'sustainable rental housing', 'Helsinki Metropolitan Area', 'excellent customer experience', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'other shareholder rights', 'unsubscribed offer shares', 'United States Securities', 'Exchange Commission', '25,000 rental homes', 'net sales', 'Markets Act', 'sustainable development', 'other distributions', 'United Kingdom', 'HONG KONG', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'final result', '99.90 per cent', 'new share', 'share issue', 'non-restricted equity', '33.25 per cent', 'Trade Register', 'Finnish Patent', 'shareholders’ register', 'Antti Aarnio', 'Markku Honkasalo', 'Euronext Dublin', 'main media', 'comprehensive range', 'good access', 'public transport', 'open interaction', 'long-term view', 'investment properties', 'investment professionals', 'Financial Promotion', 'securities laws', 'rights offering', 'Subscription period', 'subscription price', 'SATO Group', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'other information', 'other persons', 'gross proceeds', 'operating profit', 'IMPORTANT INFORMATION', 'Financial Services', 'Relevant Persons', 'secondary offering', 'public offering', 'Registration Office', 'The Company', '28,279,377 shares', '85,062,444 shares', 'February', 'EEST', 'PUBLICATION', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'SINGAPORE', 'JAPAN', 'WHICH', 'total', 'reserve', 'Board', 'Directors', 'approval', 'subscriptions', 'accordance', 'terms', 'conditions', 'number', 'current 56,7', 'completion', 'dividends', 'funds', 'President', 'CEO', 'phone', 'CFO', 'expert', 'Tampere', 'Turku', 'stakeholders', 'value', 'assets', 'investments', 'divestments', 'repairs', 'taxes', 'exemption', 'part', 'possession', 'document', 'restrictions', 'failure', 'violation', 'entity', 'citizen', 'locality', 'country', 'availability', 'use', 'regulation', 'licensing', 'Article', 'Order', 'invitation', 'agreement', 'purchase', '4.15', '067']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,globenewswire.com
36346,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VOLTA-FINANCE-LIMITED-39050/news/Volta-Finance-Limited-Net-Asset-Value-as-at-31-January-2024-45970511/,Volta Finance Limited: Net Asset Value as at 31 January 2024 -February 16  2024 at 04:55 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Volta Finance Limited – January 2024 monthly report NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  Attachment  Volta - Monthly report - January 24   https://www.marketscreener.com/qu…,"Volta Finance Limited (VTA / VTAS) – January 2024 monthly reportNOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION  OR PUBLICATION  IN WHOLE OR PART  IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES*****Guernsey  February 16th  2024AXA IM has published the Volta Finance Limited (the “Company” or “Volta Finance” or “Volta”) monthly report for January 2024. The full report is attached to this release and will be available on Volta’s website shortly (www.voltafinance.com).PERFORMANCE and PORTFOLIO ACTIVITYVolta Finance started the year on a positive note as the fund achieved a performance of +2.8% in January 2024. This was the extension of Volta’s strong momentum as the fund recorded its seventh positive month in a row. The performance since July-end 2023 consequently reached double digits  at +11.1%.CLOs delivered solid returns in January and outperformed traditional credit markets  especially US Corporates (+0.16%  ICE BofA Corp Index) and US High Yield (+0.04%  ICE BofA HY Index). While imminent rate cuts were priced-in  markets were caught off-guard by strong data releases and the subsequent uncertainty regarding central banks’ next move. Floaters such as CLOs fully benefited from the repricing of the rates curve  capturing more income on their floating leg while credit margins tightened due to the increased demand for the asset class given the superior risk/reward profile of CLOs compared to traditional credits.Looking at CLO Equity  we closely monitor loan dynamics and particularly the current repricing action taking place both in the US and Europe. In fact  the proportion of loans trading above par topped at 40% in early January before tipping down to 13% at month-end in the US market / 17% in the European market. This should lead to more loan repricing activity for the months to come and thus we are now seeing the loans’ weighted average spread within CLO underlying portfolios being at their top.Still  in terms of cashflows  January 2024 was a good month for Volta: it received the equivalent of €11.5m of interests and coupons (in line with the previous quarter). Over the last 6-month period  Volta received €27.2m of interests and coupons  ie a 21.6% annualized cash flow to NAV. This compares well with the 21.6% annualized cash flow to NAV measured as of January 2023 where the NAV per share was standing at 6.16.In terms of management  we used the January’s strength to keep on rotating from a post-reinvestment period CLO debt tranche into a new-issue transaction: as expressed in earlier communications  we favor clean collateral pool of assets as the full impact of the aggressive rate hikes over the past two years sinks in. Also  we kept on investing in our 2 US CLO warehouses recognizing that CLO debt tranches tightening is improving CLO Equity arbitrage and that one of our CLO managers is scrutinizing to make the CLO take-out.Volta’s underlying sub asset classes monthly performances** were as follow: +0.9% for Bank Balance Sheet transactions  +2.2% for CLO Equity tranches  +4.8% for CLO Debt tranches and -1.2% for Cash Corporate Credit and ABS.As of end of January 2024  Volta’s NAV was €251.9m  i.e. €6.89 per share.*It should be noted that approximately 0.68% of Volta’s GAV comprises investments for which the relevant NAVs as at the month-end date are normally available only after Volta’s NAV has already been published. Volta’s policy is to publish its NAV on as timely a basis as possible to provide shareholders with Volta’s appropriately up-to-date NAV information. Consequently  such investments are valued using the most recently available NAV for each fund or quoted price for such subordinated notes. The most recently available fund NAV or quoted price was 0.42% as at 29 December 2023 and 0.25% as at 30 September 2023.** “performances” of asset classes are calculated as the Dietz-performance of the assets in each bucket  taking into account the Mark-to-Market of the assets at period ends  payments received from the assets over the period  and ignoring changes in cross-currency rates. Nevertheless  some residual currency effects could impact the aggregate value of the portfolio when aggregating each bucket.CONTACTSFor the Investment ManagerAXA Investment Managers ParisFrançois Touatifrancois.touati@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 80 22Olivier PonsOlivier.pons@axa-im.com+33 (0) 1 44 45 87 30Company Secretary and AdministratorBNP Paribas S.A  Guernsey Branchguernsey.bp2s.volta.cosec@bnpparibas.com+44 (0) 1481 750 853Corporate BrokerCenkos Securities plcAndrew WorneDaniel Balabanoff+44 (0) 20 7397 8900*****ABOUT VOLTA FINANCE LIMITEDVolta Finance Limited is incorporated in Guernsey under The Companies (Guernsey) Law  2008 (as amended) and listed on Euronext Amsterdam and the London Stock Exchange's Main Market for listed securities. Volta’s home member state for the purposes of the EU Transparency Directive is the Netherlands. As such  Volta is subject to regulation and supervision by the AFM  being the regulator for financial markets in the Netherlands.Volta’s Investment objectives are to preserve its capital across the credit cycle and to provide a stable stream of income to its Shareholders through dividends that it expects to distribute on a quarterly basis. The Company currently seeks to achieve its investment objectives by pursuing exposure predominantly to CLO’s and similar asset classes. A more diversified investment strategy across structured finance assets may be pursued opportunistically. The Company has appointed AXA Investment Managers Paris an investment management company with a division specialised in structured credit  for the investment management of all its assets.*****ABOUT AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERSAXA Investment Managers (AXA IM) is a multi-expert asset management company within the AXA Group  a global leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA IM is one of the largest European-based asset managers with 2 600 professionals and €824 billion in assets under management as of the end of June 2023.*****This press release is published by AXA Investment Managers Paris (“AXA IM”)  in its capacity as alternative investment fund manager (within the meaning of Directive 2011/61/EU  the “AIFM Directive”) of Volta Finance Limited (the ""Volta Finance"") whose portfolio is managed by AXA IM.This press release is for information only and does not constitute an invitation or inducement to acquire shares in Volta Finance. Its circulation may be prohibited in certain jurisdictions and no recipient may circulate copies of this document in breach of such limitations or restrictions. This document is not an offer for sale of the securities referred to herein in the United States or to persons who are “U.S. persons” for purposes of Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”)  or otherwise in circumstances where such offer would be restricted by applicable law. Such securities may not be sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration from the Securities Act. Volta Finance does not intend to register any portion of the offer of such securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of such securities in the United States.*****This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at (i) persons who are outside the United Kingdom or (ii) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Order”) or (iii) high net worth companies  and other persons to whom it may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). The securities referred to herein are only available to  and any invitation  offer or agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such securities will be engaged in only with  relevant persons. Any person who is not a relevant person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents. Past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance.*****This press release contains statements that are  or may deemed to be  ""forward-looking statements"". These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms ""believes""  ""anticipated""  ""expects""  ""intends""  ""is/are expected""  ""may""  ""will"" or ""should"". They include the statements regarding the level of the dividend  the current market context and its impact on the long-term return of Volta Finance's investments. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Volta Finance's actual results  portfolio composition and performance may differ materially from the impression created by the forward-looking statements. AXA IM does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise forward-looking statements.Any target information is based on certain assumptions as to future events which may not prove to be realised. Due to the uncertainty surrounding these future events  the targets are not intended to be and should not be regarded as profits or earnings or any other type of forecasts. There can be no assurance that any of these targets will be achieved. In addition  no assurance can be given that the investment objective will be achieved.The figures provided that relate to past months or years and past performance cannot be relied on as a guide to future performance or construed as a reliable indicator as to future performance. Throughout this review  the citation of specific trades or strategies is intended to illustrate some of the investment methodologies and philosophies of Volta Finance  as implemented by AXA IM. The historical success or AXA IM’s belief in the future success  of any of these trades or strategies is not indicative of  and has no bearing on  future results.The valuation of financial assets can vary significantly from the prices that the AXA IM could obtain if it sought to liquidate the positions on behalf of the Volta Finance due to market conditions and general economic environment. Such valuations do not constitute a fairness or similar opinion and should not be regarded as such.Editor: AXA INVESTMENT MANAGERS PARIS  a company incorporated under the laws of France  having its registered office located at Tour Majunga  6  Place de la Pyramide - 92800 Puteaux. AXA IMP is authorized by the Autorité des Marchés Financiers under registration number GP92008 as an alternative investment fund manager within the meaning of the AIFM Directive.*****Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.31,0.22,True,English,"['Volta Finance Limited', 'Net Asset Value', '31 January', 'February', '04:55', 'underlying sub asset classes monthly performances', 'ICE BofA Corp Index', 'ICE BofA HY Index', 'central banks’ next move', 'Bank Balance Sheet transactions', 'BNP Paribas S.A', 'loans’ weighted average spread', 'François Touati francois', 'CLO debt tranches tightening', 'AXA Investment Managers Paris', 'CLO underlying portfolios', 'imminent rate cuts', 'superior risk/reward profile', '21.6% annualized cash flow', 'clean collateral pool', 'aggressive rate hikes', 'past two years', 'residual currency effects', 'London Stock Exchange', 'home member state', 'EU Transparency Directive', 'CLO Equity tranches', 'strong data releases', 'Cenkos Securities plc', 'CLO Equity arbitrage', 'current repricing action', 'US High Yield', 'Cash Corporate Credit', 'seventh positive month', 'last 6-month period', 'Olivier Pons Olivier', '2 US CLO warehouses', 'January 2024 monthly report', 'loan repricing activity', 'Volta Finance Limited', 'traditional credit markets', 'Guernsey Branch guernsey', 'date NAV information', 'CLO managers', 'credit margins', 'Investment objectives', 'positive note', 'strong momentum', 'traditional credits', 'loan dynamics', 'good month', 'Corporate Broker', 'listed securities', 'full report', 'US Corporates', 'UNITED STATES', 'AXA IM', 'PORTFOLIO ACTIVITY', 'double digits', 'solid returns', 'subsequent uncertainty', 'rates curve', 'floating leg', 'previous quarter', 'post-reinvestment period', 'new-issue transaction', 'earlier communications', 'full impact', 'relevant NAVs', 'month-end date', 'subordinated notes', 'period ends', 'cross-currency rates', 'aggregate value', 'Andrew Worne', 'Daniel Balabanoff', 'Guernsey) Law', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'financial markets', 'US market', 'European market', 'Main Market', 'Company Secretary', 'The Companies', 'early January', 'VTA', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PUBLICATION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'February', 'website', 'voltafinance', 'fund', 'extension', 'row', 'July-end', 'CLOs', 'guard', 'Floaters', 'income', 'increased', 'demand', 'place', 'fact', 'proportion', 'months', 'top', 'terms', 'cashflows', 'equivalent', 'interests', 'coupons', 'line', 'share', 'management', 'strength', 'assets', 'ABS', 'GAV', 'investments', 'policy', 'timely', 'basis', 'price', '29 December', '30 September', 'Dietz-performance', 'bucket', 'account', 'payments', 'changes', 'CONTACTS', 'Administrator', 'bnpparibas', 'purposes', 'Netherlands', 'regulation', 'supervision', 'AFM', 'regulator', '44']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,marketscreener.com
36347,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOFI-4698/news/Press-Release-Japan-first-in-the-world-to-approve-Dupixent-for-chronic-spontaneous-urticaria-CSU-45968623/,Press Release: Japan first in the world to approve Dupixent® for chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) -February 16  2024 at 01:01 am EST,(marketscreener.com) Japan first in the world to approve Dupixent® for chronic spontaneous urticaria Approval based primarily on results from Phase 3 trial showing Dupixent significantly reduced itch compared to placeboCSU is the fifth approved indication for…,Japan first in the world to approve Dupixent® for chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU)Approval based primarily on results from Phase 3 trial showing Dupixent significantly reduced itch compared to placeboCSU is the fifth approved indication for Dupixent in Japan and the sixth indication for Dupixent globallyParis and Tarrytown  N.Y. February 16  2024. The Ministry of Health  Labor and Welfare (MHLW) in Japan has granted marketing and manufacturing authorization for Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) in people aged 12 years and older whose disease is not adequately controlled with existing therapy. Japan is the first country to approve Dupixent for CSU  emphasizing the value of Dupixent as a novel treatment option to manage this disease in patients with unmet needs.CSU is a chronic inflammatory skin disease driven in part by type 2 inflammation  which causes sudden and debilitating hives and persistent itch. CSU is typically treated with histamine (H1) antihistamines  medicines that target H1 receptors on cells to control symptoms of urticaria. However  the disease remains uncontrolled despite antihistamine treatment in many patients  some of whom are left with limited alternative treatment options. These individuals continue to experience symptoms that can be debilitating and significantly impact their quality of life. Approximately 110 000 people aged 12 years and older suffer from uncontrolled moderate-to-severe CSU in Japan  for which there are currently limited treatments.The Japanese approval is based primarily on data from Study A of the LIBERTY-CUPID clinical trial program evaluating Dupixent as an add-on therapy to standard-of-care H1 antihistamines compared to antihistamines alone (placebo) in 138 patients with CSU who remained symptomatic despite antihistamine use and were not previously treated with omalizumab. This study met the primary and all key secondary endpoints. Patients taking Dupixent added to standard-of-care antihistamines experienced a significant reduction in itch severity compared to standard of care alone at 24 weeks. The safety profile of Dupixent in CSU was generally consistent with the known safety of Dupixent in its approved dermatological indications.In addition to CSU  Dupixent is approved in Japan in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  and prurigo nodularis.About DupixentDupixent is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent  such as atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  prurigo nodularis and eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE).Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  EoE  prurigo nodularis  and CSU in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in Japan  Europe and the U.S. More than 800 000 patients are being treated with Dupixent globally.The potential use of Dupixent in CSU is under clinical development in additional countries around the world  and its safety and efficacy have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority outside of Japan.Dupilumab development programDupilumab is being jointly developed by Sanofi and Regeneron under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Sanofi and Regeneron are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) with evidence of type 2 inflammation  and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people's lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for over 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to numerous FDA-approved treatments and product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information about Regeneron  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow Regeneron on LinkedIn.Sanofi Media RelationsSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comSanofi Investor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 06 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 06 40 56 92 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 07 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comRegeneron Media RelationsIlana Yellen | +1 914-330-9618| ilana.yellen@regeneron.comRegeneron Investor RelationsVesna Tosic | + 914 847 5443 | vesna.tosic@regeneron.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”) and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of chronic spontaneous urticaria (“CSU”); uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  such as the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing (including whether the results of any such studies will be deemed sufficient for regulatory approval of Dupixent for the treatment of CSU by regulatory agencies of other countries); the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  bullous pemphigoid  and other potential indications  as well as potential regulatory approval of Dupixent for the treatment in CSU by regulatory agencies of other countries; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates (such as potential regulatory approval of Dupixent for the treatment in CSU in other countries); ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; the impact of public health outbreaks  epidemics  or pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron's business; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection)  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2023. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron's media and investor relations website (https://investor.regeneron.com) and its LinkedIn page (https://www.linkedin.com/company/regeneron-pharmaceuticals).Attachment,neutral,0.07,0.87,0.05,negative,0.01,0.36,0.63,True,English,"['chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'Press Release', 'Japan', 'world', 'Dupixent®', 'CSU', 'February', '01:01', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'LIBERTY-CUPID clinical trial program', 'limited alternative treatment options', 'chronic inflammatory skin disease', 'chronic obstructive pulmonary disease', 'The Dupixent development program', 'global collaboration agreement', 'life-changing treatment options', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'different age populations', 'other allergic processes', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'novel treatment option', 'significant clinical benefit', 'key secondary endpoints', 'Dupilumab development program', 'various chronic diseases', 'histamine (H1) antihistamines', 'chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'uncontrolled moderate-to-severe CSU', 'clinical development', 'Phase 3 trial', 'The Ministry', 'limited treatments', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', 'chronic pruritus', 'antihistamine treatment', '60 clinical trials', 'clinical investigation', 'significant reduction', 'H1 receptors', 'H1 antihistamines', 'N.Y.', 'manufacturing authorization', 'first country', 'unmet needs', 'type 2 inflammation', 'debilitating hives', 'atopic dermatitis', 'nasal polyposis', 'prurigo nodularis', 'interleukin-4 (IL', 'IL-13) pathways', 'central drivers', 'major role', 'multiple related', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'regulatory approvals', 'U.S.', 'regulatory authority', 'broad range', 'unknown origin', 'bullous pemphigoid', 'potential uses', 'social responsibility', 'morbid diseases', 'persistent itch', 'antihistamine use', 'itch severity', 'sixth indication', 'existing therapy', 'Japanese approval', 'Study A', 'one purpose', 'care antihistamines', 'safety profile', 'dermatological indications', 'additional countries', 'many patients', '60 countries', '100 countries', 'Dupixent®', '138 patients', '800,000 patients', '10,000 patients', 'world', 'results', 'placebo', 'fifth', 'Paris', 'Tarrytown', 'February', 'Welfare', 'MHLW', 'marketing', 'people', 'value', 'part', 'sudden', 'medicines', 'cells', 'symptoms', 'individuals', 'quality', 'data', 'omalizumab', 'primary', 'standard', '24 weeks', 'asthma', 'CRSwNP', 'signaling', 'interleukin-13', 'immunosuppressant', 'decrease', 'IL-4', 'EoE', 'Europe', 'More', 'efficacy', 'Sanofi', 'Regeneron', 'date', 'COPD', 'evidence', 'conditions', 'miracles', 'science', 'lives', 'team', 'practice', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,marketscreener.com
36348,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ING-GROEP-N-V-56358303/news/ING-to-redeem-Perpetual-Capital-Securities-45968899/,ING to redeem Perpetual Capital Securities,(marketscreener.com) ING to redeem Perpetual Capital Securities ING announced today it will redeem US$ 1 250 million of 6.750% Perpetual Additional Tier 1 Contingent Convertible Capital Securities on the call date being 16 April 2024  in line with ING’s goal …,ING to redeem Perpetual Capital SecuritiesING announced today it will redeem US$ 1 250 million of 6.750% Perpetual Additional Tier 1 Contingent Convertible Capital Securities on the call date being 16 April 2024  in line with ING’s goal to continuously optimize its capital structure.The securities (ISIN XS1956051145) will be redeemed in full in accordance with their terms  with payment to be made on 16 April 2024. The redemption price will be the principal amount together with any outstanding payments. The paying agent for the securities is The Bank of New York Mellon  London Branch  One Canada Square  London E14 5AL  United Kingdom.Any future decisions by ING as to whether it will exercise (or cause to be exercised) calls in respect of debt securities will be made on an economic basis  taking into account the interests of all stakeholders. Other factors that ING will consider include prevailing market conditions  regulatory approval and capital requirements.Note for editorsFor further information on ING  please visit www.ing.com. Frequent news updates can be found in the Newsroom or via the @ING_news X feed. Photos of ING operations  buildings and its executives are available for download at Flickr.Press enquiries Investor enquiries Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations +31 20 576 5000 +31 20 576 6396 Christoph.Linke@ing.com Investor.Relations@ing.comING PROFILEING is a global financial institution with a strong European base  offering banking services through its operating company ING Bank. The purpose of ING Bank is: empowering people to stay a step ahead in life and in business. ING Bank’s more than 60 000 employees offer retail and wholesale banking services to customers in over 40 countries.ING Group shares are listed on the exchanges of Amsterdam (INGA NA  INGA.AS)  Brussels and on the New York Stock Exchange (ADRs: ING US  ING.N).Sustainability is an integral part of ING’s strategy  evidenced by ING’s leading position in sector benchmarks. ING's Environmental  Social and Governance (ESG) rating by MSCI was affirmed 'AA' in July 2023. As of December 2023  Sustainalytics considers ING’s management of ESG material risk to be ‘strong’. ING Group shares are also included in major sustainability and ESG index products of leading providers Euronext  STOXX  Morningstar and FTSE Russell.Important legal informationElements of this press release contain or may contain information about ING Groep N.V. and/ or ING Bank N.V. within the meaning of Article 7(1) to (4) of EU Regulation No 596/2014 (‘Market Abuse Regulation’).ING Group’s annual accounts are prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union (‘IFRS- EU’). In preparing the financial information in this document  except as described otherwise  the same accounting principles are applied as in the 2022 ING Group consolidated annual accounts. The financial statements for 2023 are in progress and may be subject to adjustments from subsequent events. All figures in this document are unaudited. Small differences are possible in the tables due to rounding.Certain of the statements contained herein are not historical facts  including  without limitation  certain statements made of future expectations and other forward-looking statements that are based on management’s current views and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Actual results  performance or events may differ materially from those in such statements due to a number of factors  including  without limitation: (1) changes in general economic conditions and customer behaviour  in particular economic conditions in ING’s core markets  including changes affecting currency exchange rates and the regional and global economic impact of the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and related international response measures (2) ongoing and residual effects of the Covid-19 pandemic and related response measures on economic conditions in countries in which ING operates (3) changes affecting interest rate levels (4) any default of a major market participant and related market disruption (5) changes in performance of financial markets  including in Europe and developing markets (6) fiscal uncertainty in Europe and the United States (7) discontinuation of or changes in ‘benchmark’ indices (8) inflation and deflation in our principal markets (9) changes in conditions in the credit and capital markets generally  including changes in borrower and counterparty creditworthiness (10) failures of banks falling under the scope of state compensation schemes (11) non- compliance with or changes in laws and regulations  including those concerning financial services  financial economic crimes and tax laws  and the interpretation and application thereof (12) geopolitical risks  political instabilities and policies and actions of governmental and regulatory authorities  including in connection with the invasion of Russia into Ukraine and the related international response measures (13) legal and regulatory risks in certain countries with less developed legal and regulatory frameworks (14) prudential supervision and regulations  including in relation to stress tests and regulatory restrictions on dividends and distributions (also among members of the group) (15) ING’s ability to meet minimum capital and other prudential regulatory requirements (16) changes in regulation of US commodities and derivatives businesses of ING and its customers (17) application of bank recovery and resolution regimes  including write down and conversion powers in relation to our securities (18) outcome of current and future litigation  enforcement proceedings  investigations or other regulatory actions  including claims by customers or stakeholders who feel misled or treated unfairly  and other conduct issues (19) changes in tax laws and regulations and risks of non-compliance or investigation in connection with tax laws  including FATCA (20) operational and IT risks  such as system disruptions or failures  breaches of security  cyber-attacks  human error  changes in operational practices or inadequate controls including in respect of third parties with which we do business (21) risks and challenges related to cybercrime including the effects of cyberattacks and changes in legislation and regulation related to cybersecurity and data privacy (22) changes in general competitive factors  including ability to increase or maintain market share (23) inability to protect our intellectual property and infringement claims by third parties (24) inability of counterparties to meet financial obligations or ability to enforce rights against such counterparties (25) changes in credit ratings (26) business  operational  regulatory  reputation  transition and other risks and challenges in connection with climate change and ESG-related matters  including data gathering and reporting (27) inability to attract and retain key personnel (28) future liabilities under defined benefit retirement plans (29) failure to manage business risks  including in connection with use of models  use of derivatives  or maintaining appropriate policies and guidelines (30) changes in capital and credit markets  including interbank funding  as well as customer deposits  which provide the liquidity and capital required to fund our operations  and (31) the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the most recent annual report of ING Groep N.V. (including the Risk Factors contained therein) and ING’s more recent disclosures  including press releases  which are available on www.ING.com.This document may contain ESG-related material that has been prepared by ING on the basis of publicly available information  internally developed data and other third-party sources believed to be reliable. ING has not sought to independently verify information obtained from public and third-party sources and makes no representations or warranties as to accuracy  completeness  reasonableness or reliability of such information.Materiality  as used in the context of ESG  is distinct from  and should not be confused with  such term as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or as defined for Securities and Exchange Commission (‘SEC’) reporting purposes. Any issues identified as material for purposes of ESG in this document are therefore not necessarily material as defined in the Market Abuse Regulation or for SEC reporting purposes. In addition  there is currently no single  globally recognized set of accepted definitions in assessing whether activities are “green” or “sustainable.” Without limiting any of the statements contained herein  we make no representation or warranty as to whether any of our securities constitutes a green or sustainable security or conforms to present or future investor expectations or objectives for green or sustainable investing. For information on characteristics of a security  use of proceeds  a description of applicable project(s) and/or any other relevant information  please reference the offering documents for such security.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.This document may contain inactive textual addresses to internet websites operated by us and third parties. Reference to such websites is made for information purposes only  and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. ING does not make any representation or warranty with respect to the accuracy or completeness of  or take any responsibility for  any information found at any websites operated by third parties. ING specifically disclaims any liability with respect to any information found at websites operated by third parties. ING cannot guarantee that websites operated by third parties remain available following the publication of this document  or that any information found at such websites will not change following the filing of this document. Many of those factors are beyond ING’s control.Any forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of ING speak only as of the date they are made  and ING assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information or for any other reason.This document does not constitute an oﬀer to sell  or a solicitation of an oﬀer to purchase  any securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction.Attachment,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,negative,0.04,0.43,0.53,True,English,"['Perpetual Capital Securities', 'ING', '6.750% Perpetual Additional Tier 1 Contingent Convertible Capital Securities', 'Christoph Linke ING Group Investor Relations', '2022 ING Group consolidated annual accounts', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'related international response measures', 'International Financial Reporting Standards', 'ING Groep N.V.', 'operating company ING Bank', 'ING Bank N.V.', 'Perpetual Capital Securities', 'related response measures', 'New York Mellon', 'currency exchange rates', 'related market disruption', 'One Canada Square', 'Frequent news updates', 'same accounting principles', 'interest rate levels', 'state compensation schemes', 'ING Group shares', 'ESG material risk', 'ESG index products', 'strong European base', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'global economic impact', 'major market participant', 'prevailing market conditions', 'global financial institution', 'general economic conditions', 'particular economic conditions', 'wholesale banking services', 'Important legal information', 'other forward-looking statements', 'Investor enquiries', 'capital structure', 'capital requirements', 'capital markets', 'The Bank', 'debt securities', 'ESG) rating', 'financial services', 'economic basis', 'EU Regulation', 'European Union', 'economic crimes', 'financial markets', 'ING operations', 'ING PROFILE', 'ING US', 'financial information', 'call date', 'ISIN XS195605114', 'redemption price', 'principal amount', 'outstanding payments', 'paying agent', 'United Kingdom', 'future decisions', 'Other factors', 'regulatory approval', 'Press enquiries', 'INGA NA', 'INGA.AS', 'integral part', 'leading position', 'sector benchmarks', 'Environmental, Social', 'major sustainability', 'leading providers', 'FTSE Russell', 'press release', 'IFRS- EU', 'Small differences', 'historical facts', 'future expectations', 'current views', 'unknown risks', 'actual results', 'customer behaviour', 'core markets', 'residual effects', 'Covid-19 pandemic', 'developing markets', 'fiscal uncertainty', 'United States', 'benchmark’ indices', 'principal markets', 'counterparty creditworthiness', 'geopolitical risks', 'political instabilities', 'regulatory authorities', 'financial statements', 'London Branch', 'tax laws', 'subsequent events', 'line', 'goal', 'accordance', 'terms', '16 April', '5AL', 'cause', 'calls', 'respect', 'interests', 'stakeholders', 'Note', 'editors', 'Newsroom', 'Photos', 'buildings', 'executives', 'download', 'Flickr', 'purpose', 'people', 'life', 'business', '60,000 employees', 'retail', 'customers', '40 countries', 'exchanges', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'ADRs', 'strategy', 'Governance', 'MSCI', 'July', 'December', 'Sustainalytics', 'management', 'Euronext', 'STOXX', 'Morningstar', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Article', 'document', 'progress', 'adjustments', 'figures', 'tables', 'rounding', 'limitation', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'number', 'regional', 'invasion', 'Russia', 'Ukraine', 'ongoing', 'default', 'discontinuation', 'inflation', 'deflation', 'borrower', 'banks', 'scope', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'interpretation', 'application', 'policies', 'actions', 'governmental', 'connection', '2023']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,marketscreener.com
36349,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/16/2830509/0/en/Press-Release-Japan-first-in-the-world-to-approve-Dupixent-for-chronic-spontaneous-urticaria-CSU.html,Press Release: Japan first in the world to approve Dupixent® for chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU),Japan first in the world to approve Dupixent® for chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU)  Approval based primarily on results from Phase 3 trial showing......,Japan first in the world to approve Dupixent® for chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU)Approval based primarily on results from Phase 3 trial showing Dupixent significantly reduced itch compared to placeboCSU is the fifth approved indication for Dupixent in Japan and the sixth indication for Dupixent globallyParis and Tarrytown  N.Y. February 16  2024. The Ministry of Health  Labor and Welfare (MHLW) in Japan has granted marketing and manufacturing authorization for Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) in people aged 12 years and older whose disease is not adequately controlled with existing therapy. Japan is the first country to approve Dupixent for CSU  emphasizing the value of Dupixent as a novel treatment option to manage this disease in patients with unmet needs.CSU is a chronic inflammatory skin disease driven in part by type 2 inflammation  which causes sudden and debilitating hives and persistent itch. CSU is typically treated with histamine (H1) antihistamines  medicines that target H1 receptors on cells to control symptoms of urticaria. However  the disease remains uncontrolled despite antihistamine treatment in many patients  some of whom are left with limited alternative treatment options. These individuals continue to experience symptoms that can be debilitating and significantly impact their quality of life. Approximately 110 000 people aged 12 years and older suffer from uncontrolled moderate-to-severe CSU in Japan  for which there are currently limited treatments.The Japanese approval is based primarily on data from Study A of the LIBERTY-CUPID clinical trial program evaluating Dupixent as an add-on therapy to standard-of-care H1 antihistamines compared to antihistamines alone (placebo) in 138 patients with CSU who remained symptomatic despite antihistamine use and were not previously treated with omalizumab. This study met the primary and all key secondary endpoints. Patients taking Dupixent added to standard-of-care antihistamines experienced a significant reduction in itch severity compared to standard of care alone at 24 weeks. The safety profile of Dupixent in CSU was generally consistent with the known safety of Dupixent in its approved dermatological indications.In addition to CSU  Dupixent is approved in Japan in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  and prurigo nodularis.About DupixentDupixent is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent  such as atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  prurigo nodularis and eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE).Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  EoE  prurigo nodularis  and CSU in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in Japan  Europe and the U.S. More than 800 000 patients are being treated with Dupixent globally.The potential use of Dupixent in CSU is under clinical development in additional countries around the world  and its safety and efficacy have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority outside of Japan.Dupilumab development programDupilumab is being jointly developed by Sanofi and Regeneron under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Sanofi and Regeneron are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) with evidence of type 2 inflammation  and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people's lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for over 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to numerous FDA-approved treatments and product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information about Regeneron  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow Regeneron on LinkedIn.Sanofi Media RelationsSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comSanofi Investor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 06 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 06 40 56 92 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni | + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 07 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comRegeneron Media RelationsIlana Yellen | +1 914-330-9618| ilana.yellen@regeneron.comRegeneron Investor RelationsVesna Tosic | + 914 847 5443 | vesna.tosic@regeneron.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”) and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of chronic spontaneous urticaria (“CSU”); uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  such as the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing (including whether the results of any such studies will be deemed sufficient for regulatory approval of Dupixent for the treatment of CSU by regulatory agencies of other countries); the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  bullous pemphigoid  and other potential indications  as well as potential regulatory approval of Dupixent for the treatment in CSU by regulatory agencies of other countries; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates (such as potential regulatory approval of Dupixent for the treatment in CSU in other countries); ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; the impact of public health outbreaks  epidemics  or pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron's business; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection)  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2023. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron's media and investor relations website (https://investor.regeneron.com) and its LinkedIn page (https://www.linkedin.com/company/regeneron-pharmaceuticals).Attachment,neutral,0.05,0.86,0.08,negative,0.01,0.36,0.63,True,English,"['chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'Press Release', 'Japan', 'world', 'Dupixent®', 'CSU', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'LIBERTY-CUPID clinical trial program', 'limited alternative treatment options', 'chronic inflammatory skin disease', 'chronic obstructive pulmonary disease', 'The Dupixent development program', 'global collaboration agreement', 'life-changing treatment options', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'different age populations', 'other allergic processes', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'novel treatment option', 'significant clinical benefit', 'key secondary endpoints', 'Dupilumab development program', 'various chronic diseases', 'histamine (H1) antihistamines', 'chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'uncontrolled moderate-to-severe CSU', 'clinical development', 'Phase 3 trial', 'The Ministry', 'limited treatments', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', 'chronic pruritus', 'antihistamine treatment', '60 clinical trials', 'clinical investigation', 'significant reduction', 'H1 receptors', 'H1 antihistamines', 'N.Y.', 'manufacturing authorization', 'first country', 'unmet needs', 'type 2 inflammation', 'debilitating hives', 'atopic dermatitis', 'nasal polyposis', 'prurigo nodularis', 'interleukin-4 (IL', 'IL-13) pathways', 'central drivers', 'major role', 'multiple related', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'regulatory approvals', 'U.S.', 'regulatory authority', 'broad range', 'unknown origin', 'bullous pemphigoid', 'potential uses', 'social responsibility', 'morbid diseases', 'persistent itch', 'antihistamine use', 'itch severity', 'sixth indication', 'existing therapy', 'Japanese approval', 'Study A', 'one purpose', 'care antihistamines', 'safety profile', 'dermatological indications', 'additional countries', 'many patients', '60 countries', '100 countries', 'Dupixent®', '138 patients', '800,000 patients', '10,000 patients', 'world', 'results', 'placebo', 'fifth', 'Paris', 'Tarrytown', 'February', 'Welfare', 'MHLW', 'marketing', 'people', 'value', 'part', 'sudden', 'medicines', 'cells', 'symptoms', 'individuals', 'quality', 'data', 'omalizumab', 'primary', 'standard', '24 weeks', 'asthma', 'CRSwNP', 'signaling', 'interleukin-13', 'immunosuppressant', 'decrease', 'IL-4', 'EoE', 'Europe', 'More', 'efficacy', 'Sanofi', 'Regeneron', 'date', 'COPD', 'evidence', 'conditions', 'miracles', 'science', 'lives', 'team', 'practice', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,globenewswire.com
36350,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EUTELSAT-COMMUNICATIONS-5147/news/Eutelsat-Communications-Second-Quarter-and-First-Half-2023-24-Results-45968785/,Eutelsat Communications: Second Quarter and First Half 2023-24 Results -February 16  2024 at 01:31 am EST,(marketscreener.com) First Half operating verticals revenues of €571m  confirming return to topline growth  driven by Eutelsat GEO business and inclusion of OneWeb LEO business in the Second QuarterContinued rise in secured backlog for LEO business desp…,"First Half operating verticals revenues of €571m  confirming return to topline growth  driven by Eutelsat GEO business and inclusion of OneWeb LEO business in the Second Quarter Continued rise in secured backlog for LEO business despite delays in ground segment roll-out Design of Next Generation LEO constellation securing continuity of customer service with stepwise capacity and functionality improvements  leading to reduction in capital expenditure for the period 2025-30Regulatory News:The Board of Directors of Eutelsat Communications (ISIN: FR0010221234 - Euronext Paris / London Stock Exchange: ETL)  chaired by Dominique D’Hinnin  reviewed the financial results for the Half Year ended 31 December 2023.Key Financial Data 6M to Dec.2022 6M to Dec.20231 Change Change Pro Forma2 P&L Revenues - €m 573.8 572.6 -0.2% 1.0% ""Operating Verticals"" revenues reported - €m 581.9 571.1 -1.9% 1.2% Adjusted EBITDA - €m 419.0 365.6 -12.7% - Adjusted EBITDA - % 73.0% 63.8% -9.2pt - Operating income - €m 151.2 -134.4 n.a. - Group share of net income - €m 51.9 -191.3 n.a. - Financial structure Net debt - €m 2 996.0 2 619.1 -376.7 M€ - Net debt/ Adjusted EBITDA - X 3.55 4.13 +0.58 pt - Backlog - €bn 3.7 3.9 6.1%Note: This press release contains figures derived from the consolidated half-year accounts prepared under IAS 34 and subject to a review by the Auditors (ISRE 2410). They were reviewed by the Audit Committee on 14 February 2024 and approved by the Board of Directors on 15 February 2024. The auditors’ review procedures have been carried out and the review report is in the process of being issued. The consolidated half year accounts will be available on the www.eutelsat.com/investors website early next week. Adjusted EBITDA  Adjusted EBITDA margin  net debt / Adjusted EBITDA ratio and Cash Capex are considered Alternative Performance Indicators. Their definition and calculation are in Appendix 3 of this document.Eva Berneke  Chief Executive Officer of Eutelsat Communications  said: “The Eutelsat GEO business is performing in line with expectations  confirming the return to top line growth for Eutelsat historic scope for FY 2023-24  driven by the availability of EUTELSAT 10B and KONNECT VHTS. The LEO activities of OneWeb are progressing well  with 100% of the constellation in place and a secured and growing backlog. Delays in the availability of the ground network have impacted revenues  with a mix more oriented towards the sale of user terminals affecting margins  leading us to adjust our expectations for FY 2023-24. We nevertheless remain confident in the prospects of OneWeb  and the potential of Eutelsat Group’s unique combined GEO-LEO offer and anticipate an acceleration in revenues in the coming months as the constellation achieves full global operational coverage of the ground network. We are progressing well on the design of the next generation of the OneWeb constellation  based on a stepwise increase in capacity and functionality with a progressive extension which also fully utilizes the current in-orbit assets. This will result in a reduction in expected capital expenditure for the period 2025-30.”KEY EVENTSEutelsat OneWeb combination effective since late September 2023.Operational successes including entry into service of KONNECT VHTS and EUTELSAT 10B as well as completion of space-segment of OneWeb Constellation.First Half Operating Vertical revenues of €571.1 million up 1.2% on a like-for-like basis.Second Quarter Operating Vertical revenues up +3.9% on like-for-like basis and by 5.4% quarter-on-quarter.Eutelsat legacy businesses return to growth in FY 2024 thanks notably to availability of EUTELSAT 10B and KONNECT VHTS incremental capacity.OneWeb LEO business behind schedule due to ground segment delays but expected to accelerate in coming months as gateway installations increase  with 90% coverage targeted by mid-2024.Design of Next Generation OneWeb constellation focused on progressive extension of current in-orbit assets  leading to reduction in expected capital expenditure for the period 2025-30.ANALYSIS OF REVENUES3In € millions 6M to Dec2022 6M to Dec2023 1 Change Reported Like-for-like2 Video 365.9 331.1 -9.5% -8.0% Government Services 66.9 74.2 11.0% 10.5% Mobile Connectivity 55.9 71.2 27.2% 35.6% Fixed Connectivity 93.2 94.6 +1.5% 9.2% Total Operating Verticals 581.9 571.1 -1.9% 1.2% Other Revenues -8.1 1.6 n.a. n.a. Total 573.8 572.6 -0.2% 1.0% EUR/USD exchange rate 1.01 1.08Total revenues for the First Half of FY 2023-24 stood at €572.6 million  down by 0.2% on a reported basis and up by 1.0% like-for-like.Revenues of the four Operating Verticals (i.e.  excluding ‘Other Revenues’) stood at €571.1 million. They were up 1.2% on a like-for-like basis  excluding a negative currency impact of €18 million.Second Quarter revenues stood at €298.7 million up 3.7% like-for-like. Revenues of the four Operating Verticals stood at €298.6 million  up 3.9% year-on-year on a like-for-like basis  and up 5.4%4 quarter-on-quarter.In € millions Q2 2022-23 Q2 2023-241 Change Reported Like-for-like2 Video 182.4 167.6 -8.1% -6.4% Government Services 32.2 40.7 26.6% 17.4% Mobile Connectivity 30.0 36.0 20.1% 28.2% Fixed Connectivity 46.8 54.3 16.1% 17.6% Total Operating Verticals 291.4 298.6 2.5% 3.9% Other Revenues -5.0 0.1 n.a. n.a. Total 286.4 298.7 4.3% 3.7% EUR/USD exchange rate 1.00 1.07Note: Unless otherwise stated  all variations indicated below are on an unaudited like-for-like basis  ie  at constant currency and perimeter. The variation is calculated as follows: i) H1 2023-24 USD revenues are converted at H1 2022-23 rates; ii) the contribution of the BigBlu retail broadband operations from 1st July 2022 to 31 December 2022 is excluded from H1 2022-23 revenues iii) H1 2022-23 and H1 2023-24 revenues are restated include the contribution of OneWeb as if the operation had been completed from July 1st  2022; iv) Hedging revenues are excluded.Video (58% of revenues)First Half Video revenues were down by 8.0% to €331.1 million  reflecting the impact of the early non-renewal of a capacity contract with Digitürk from mid-November 2022 as well as lower revenues in Europe related to volume reductions with certain resellers. They were also impacted by the effect of sanctions against some Russian and Iranian channels.Second Quarter revenues stood at €167.6 million down by 6.4% year-on-year  and up 1.9% on a sequential basis. This increase was partly due to a one-off contract of c. €3 million in Latin America related to technical assistance for a customer.Professional Video revenues  which account for less than 10% of the Video vertical  also decreased  reflecting ongoing structural headwinds.The Second Half basis of comparison will no longer reflect the impact of sanctions against Russian and Iranian channels nor the Digitürk non-renewal  and revenues are expected broadly in line with the wider market trend of a mid-single digit decline.Government Services (13% of revenues)First Half Government Services revenues stood at €74.2 million  up by 10.5% year-on-year  reflecting the slightly better renewal rate of the Fall US DoD campaign (above 80%) as well as the contribution of the EGNOS GEO-4 contract on HOTBIRD 13G. Revenues also included a contribution from OneWeb.Second Quarter revenues stood at €40.7 million  up by 17.4% year-on-year and by 4.2% quarter-on-quarter.The Second Half will benefit from the full period contribution from OneWeb’s LEO-enabled connectivity solutions  as well as the contribution from the abovementioned EGNOS GEO-4 contract on HOTBIRD 13G (generating €100m in revenues over 15 years).Mobile Connectivity (12% of revenues)First Half Mobile Connectivity revenues stood at €71.2 million  up 35.6% year-on-year  underpinned by the entry into service of the high-throughput satellite  EUTELSAT 10B  with significant pre-commitments and the commercialization of the final beam on EUTELSAT QUANTUM for a maritime mobility client.Second Quarter revenues stood at €36.0 million  up 28.2% year-on-year and up by 0.2% quarter-on-quarter  reflecting the tougher basis of comparison due to the above-mentioned entry into service of incremental capacity during the First Quarter.Over the Full Year  Mobile Connectivity is expected to see double-digit growth driven by strong demand for both GEO and LEO-based connectivity solutions.Fixed Connectivity (17% of revenues)First Half Fixed Connectivity revenues stood at €94.6 million  up 9.2% year-on-year  mainly reflecting the entry into service of KONNECT VHTS  as well as a contribution from LEO connectivity.Second Quarter revenues stood at €54.3 million  up 17.6% year-on-year and by 23.7% on a sequential basis  mainly reflecting contracts that started from mid-October following the entry into service of KONNECT VHTS.This positive dynamic is expected to translate into double digit-growth for the Full Year on the back of KONNECT VHTS as well as the contribution from the LEO connectivity offer.Other RevenuesIn the First Half  Other Revenues amounted to €1.6 million versus -€8.1 million a year earlier. They included a €2 million negative impact from hedging operations versus a negative impact of €12 million a year earlier.BACKLOGThe backlog stood at €3.9 billion on 31 December 2023 versus €3.7 billion a year earlier. This increase reflects the contribution of OneWeb’s backlog  now standing at €7005 million  up 23% over the last quarter  partly offset by natural erosion of the backlog  especially in the Video segment  in the absence of major renewals.The backlog was equivalent to 3.5 times FY 2022-23 revenues  with Video representing 46% of the total. This reflects the increasing momentum of the telecom pivot.31 Dec.2022 30 June2023 31 Dec.2023 Value of contracts (in billions of euros) 3.7 3.4 3.9 In years of annual revenues based on prior fiscal year 3.2 3.0 3.5 Share of Video application 59% 59% 46%Note: The backlog represents future revenues from capacity or service agreements and can include contracts for satellites under procurement. Managed services are not included in the backlog.PROFITABILITYAdjusted EBITDA stood at €365.6 million on 31 December 2023 compared with €419.0 million a year earlier  down by 12.7%. The Adjusted EBITDA margin stood at 64.1% at constant currency (63.8% reported) versus 73.0% a year earlier. This Adjusted EBITDA margin is reflective of the progressive rebalancing of our business towards connectivity applications.Operating costs were €52.2 million higher than last fiscal year reflecting the impact of the consolidation of OneWeb. This was partially offset by a positive perimeter effect from the disposal of the BigBlu retail broadband operations  as well as lower Bad Debt especially in Video.Group share of net income stood at -€191.3 million versus +€51.9 million a year earlier. This reflected:Other operating expenses of -€183.9 million  compared to -€34.0 million last year  mainly due to fair value adjustment of shares owned by Eutelsat before the combination.of -€183.9 million  compared to -€34.0 million last year  mainly due to fair value adjustment of shares owned by Eutelsat before the combination. Higher depreciation of -€316.1 million versus -€233.8 million a year earlier  reflecting the perimeter effect from OneWeb as well as higher in-orbit and on-ground depreciation. (Four satellites  HOTBIRD 13F  HOTBIRD 13G  EUTELSAT 10B and KONNECT VHTS entered service between April and October 2023).of -€316.1 million versus -€233.8 million a year earlier  reflecting the perimeter effect from OneWeb as well as higher in-orbit and on-ground depreciation. (Four satellites  HOTBIRD 13F  HOTBIRD 13G  EUTELSAT 10B and KONNECT VHTS entered service between April and October 2023). A net financial result of -€60.7 million versus -€56.0 million a year earlier  reflecting the higher interest rates  partly offset by favourable evolution of foreign exchange gains and losses.of -€60.7 million versus -€56.0 million a year earlier  reflecting the higher interest rates  partly offset by favourable evolution of foreign exchange gains and losses. Corporate Income Tax : gain of €28.5 million versus tax cost of €0.8 million last year reflective the recognition of positive deferred tax on the C-band payment as well as a reduction of the French corporate tax rate.: gain of €28.5 million versus tax cost of €0.8 million last year reflective the recognition of positive deferred tax on the C-band payment as well as a reduction of the French corporate tax rate. Losses from associates of -€23.0 million  reflecting the contribution of the stake in OneWeb in the First Quarter  which in FY 2022-23 was from July 2022 onwards.CASH CAPEXCash Capex amounted to €224 million  versus €194 last year; this increase reflects the perimeter effect from the consolidation of OneWeb  and is not representative of the decrease in Capex  for both Eutelsat and OneWeb  due to the phasing of satellite program delivery and launch last year during the first semester.FINANCIAL STRUCTUREOn 31 December 2023  net debt stood at €2 619.1 million  down €146.6 million versus end of June 2023. It reflected: i) receipt of phase II C-Band proceeds net of tax of €330.4 million; ii) a negative impact from our financing activities mostly related to structured debt combined with iii) a decrease in cash flow from operating activities due to the consolidation with OneWeb.The net debt to Adjusted EBITDA ratio stood at 4.13 times  compared to 3.55 times at end-December 2022 and 3.35 times at end-June 2023.The average cost of debt after hedging stood at 3.16% (2.7% in H1 2022-23). The weighted average maturity of the Group’s debt stood at 3.0 years  compared to 4.1 years at end-December 2022.Undrawn credit lines and cash stood at around €1.8 billion.UPDATE ON ONEWEB INTEGRATIONThe combination between Eutelsat and OneWeb has been effective since end September 2023. Since then  we have been fully focused on the integration of the two companies  as well as driving the operational and commercial momentum of OneWeb:The space segment of the constellation is fully up and running and delivering proven performance.OneWeb’s order backlog continues to grow  now standing at €700m5  up by 23% over one quarter  while we are seeing strong commercial traction with several deals activated with major customers. We are making progress on the ground roll-out following recently reported delays and we are on track for 90% network coverage by mid-2024.The progress of the integration enables us to confirm the synergies expected from the operation. In particular  cost synergies6 are fully on track  and we have scope to exceed our original plan.Capex synergies also confirmed. Eutelsat Group is progressing as planned in its evaluation of the requirements for the Next Generation OneWeb constellation  with potential solutions focused on service continuity and a stepwise enhancement of the OneWeb services. This focus is informed by operational and commercial in-market experience now that the constellation is in service.The Next Gen will progressively embark additional capacity and enhanced performances compared to Gen 1  with the scope to upgrade both constellation services and performances progressively.The cost of this approach is lower than previous estimates for the build-out of the OneWeb Next Generation.Thus  we are adjusting our mid-term capex estimates: Cash capex for FY 2024 remains expected in a range between €600m and €650m. For the period FY 2025 to FY 2030  cash capex7 after synergies is now expected in a range of €600m to €700m on average per annum (versus €725m to €875m per annum previously).OUTLOOK AND FINANCIAL OBJECTIVESThe legacy Eutelsat business remains on track with expected performance and confirms a return to top line growth for FY 2023-24  mainly driven by the entry into service of satellites EUTELSAT 10B and KONNECT VHTS.The results of the LEO activities of OneWeb  while progressing well  with 100% of the satellites in place and a growing backlog at the end of the last quarter. As reported in our Trading Update of 29th January 2024  they are running behind schedule relative to the original roadmap. This reflects delays in the availability of the ground network  impacting revenues  especially in mobility and in certain geographies where market access is still outstanding  as well as a revenue mix more oriented than expected towards the sale of user terminals  which impacts margins.The deployment of the ground network is progressing well  towards a 90% completion rate in Q2 2024. We continue to see strong momentum in the take-up of pre-signed commitments with major customers  and we believe we are on track towards our longer-term targets.Nevertheless  this dynamic will not suffice to close the gap relative to our near-term expectations  and in consequence we are adjusting our financial objectives for FY 2023-24 as follows (at a €/$ rate of 1.00)8:Revenues are now expected in a range of €1.25bn to €1.3bn (versus €1.32bn to €1.42bn previously).Adjusted EBITDA is expected in a range of €650m to €680m (versus €725m to €825m previously).Cash capex for FY 2024 remains expected in a range between €600m and €650m after synergies; for the period FY 2025 to FY 2030  the integration of the revised capex budget for OneWeb NextGen means cash capex 7 is now expected between €600m to €700m on average per annum (versus €725m to €875m per annum previously).is now expected between €600m to €700m on average per annum (versus €725m to €875m per annum previously). We also continue to target leverage of c.3x in the medium term.To allow for a more accurate assessment of prospects in the context of the rapid development of OneWeb’s business  financial objectives for FY 2024-25 will be reviewed and shared at Eutelsat Group’s FY 2023-24 Results on August 2nd  2024; previously communicated objectives for FY 2024-25 are meanwhile suspended.Management remains confident in the prospects of OneWeb and the potential of Eutelsat Group’s unique combined GEO-LEO offer. As the constellation achieves full global operational coverage  we anticipate an acceleration in revenues and continue to target double-digit CAGR in revenues and Adjusted EBITDA between FY 2024 and FY 2028.Note: This outlook is based on the revised deployment plan outlined in the Half-Year 2023-2024 results presentation. It assumes no further material deterioration of revenues generated from Russian customers.UPDATE ON THE GEOSTATIONARY FLEETSince 1st July 2023  the following changes have occurred in the Geostationary fleet:EUTELSAT 10B entered service in July 2023EUTELSAT 33F  formerly HOTBIRD 13Bc started operation at 33°E in September 2023 replacing EUTELSAT 33E  which is being relocated to the American arc.KONNECT VHTS entered operational service in October 2023.HOTBIRD 13F entered service at 13°E in September 2023EUTELSAT 12WE was deorbited in July 2023EUTELSAT 10A was deorbited in November 2023EUTELSAT 113 West A ceased operation in January 2024Following these operations  the geostationary fleet stands at 35 satellites.CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITYGovernanceThe Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of Eutelsat Communications was held on 23 November  in Paris. All the resolutions were approved. They included notably:Approval of the accounts.Compensation report and policy of corporate officers.Authorization to the Board of Directors to purchase the Company’s shares.Changes to Eutelsat Group Executive Committee:David Bertolotti  Secretary General & Company Secretary  will leave Eutelsat Group at the end of February 2024 to return to French Ministry of Europe and Foreign Affairs. Following David’s departure  the teams he currently leads will be joining new departments: Institutional affairs will join the Strategy and Resources Department (Jean-Hubert Lenotte)  CISO  Security  Legal  Compliance will be regrouped with HR  Transformation  and Internal Coms to form a new General Secretary Department (Anne Carron).Joanna Darlington was appointed as Chief Communications and Investor Relations Officer on 2nd January 2024  replacing Vanessa Mahoney.Corporate Social ResponsibilityOn 12th September 2023  Eutelsat publicly released its Extra-Financial Performance Statement for the fiscal year 2022  integrated into the Universal Registration Document. This statement highlights the environmental  social  and governance issues  providing details on the Group’s CSR policy  its carbon footprint  and a report on its ESG (Environmental  Social  and Governance) indicators.On 19th October  the Group announced its environmental roadmap with ambitious objectives to reduce its carbon impact and combat climate change  in line with the requirements of the Paris Agreement. By 2030  Eutelsat commits to a 50% reduction in its greenhouse gas emissions related to energy consumption (Scopes 1+2) compared to the 2021 reference year. The Group will submit these objectives to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) this year to obtain an independent assessment and validation of these goals.Following the integration of OneWeb into its activities  Eutelsat Group will expand the scope of its Scope 3 emissions calculation to include the Low Earth Orbit (LEO) satellite constellation and associated ground infrastructure.Half year results presentationEutelsat Group will present its results on Friday  February 16  2024  by conference call and webcast at 9:00 CET.Click here to attend the webcast presentation.(The webcast link will remain available for replay)It is not necessary to dial into the conference call  unless you are unable to join the webcast URLIf needed  please dial one of these numbers:+33 (0)1 7037 7166 (from France)+44 (0)33 0551 0200 (from the U.K)Quote “Eutelsat” to the operator when connecting to the call.DocumentationThe consolidated half year accounts will be available on the www.eutelsat.com/investors website early next week.Financial calendarThe financial calendar below is provided for information purposes only. It is subject to change and will be regularly updated.14 May 2024: Third quarter and nine month 2023-24 revenues2 August 2024: Full Year 2023-24 resultsAbout Eutelsat GroupEutelsat Group is a global leader in satellite communications  delivering connectivity and broadcast services worldwide. The Group was formed through the combination of Eutelsat and OneWeb in 2023  becoming the first fully integrated GEO-LEO satellite operator with a fleet of 35 geostationary (GEO) satellites and a Low Earth Orbit (LEO) constellation of more than 600 satellites.The Group addresses the needs of customers in four key verticals of Video  where it distributes more than 6 500 television channels  and the high-growth connectivity markets of Mobile Connectivity  Fixed Connectivity  and Government Services. Eutelsat Group’s unique suite of in-orbit assets and on-ground infrastructure enables it to deliver integrated solutions to meet the needs of global customers. The Company is headquartered in Paris and Eutelsat Group employs more than 1 700 people from more than 50 countries.The Group is committed to delivering safe  resilient  and environmentally sustainable connectivity to help bridge the digital divide. The Company is listed on the Euronext Paris Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL) and the London Stock Exchange (ticker: ETL).Find out more at www.eutelsat.comDisclaimerThe forward-looking statements included herein are for illustrative purposes only and are based on management’s views and assumptions as of the date of this document.Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks. For illustrative purposes only  such risks include but are not limited to: risks related to the health crisis; operational risks related to satellite failures or impaired satellite performance  or failure to roll out the deployment plan as planned and within the expected timeframe; risks related to the trend in the satellite telecommunications market resulting from increased competition or technological changes affecting the market; risks related to the international dimension of the Group’s customers and activities; risks related to the adoption of international rules on frequency coordination and financial risks related  inter alia  to the financial guarantee granted to the Intergovernmental Organization's closed pension ’und  and foreign exchange risk.Eutelsat Communications expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any projections  forecasts or estimates contained in this document to reflect any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which any such statements are based  unless so required by applicable law.The information contained in this document is not based on historical fact and should not be construed as a guarantee that the facts or data mentioned will occur. This information is based on data  assumptions and estimates that the Group considers as reasonable.APPENDICESAppendix 1: Additional financial dataExtract from the consolidated income statement (€ millions)Six months ended December 31 2022 20231 Change (%) Revenues 573.8 572.6 -0.2% Operating expenses (154.8) (207.0) 33.7% Adjusted EBITDA 419.0 365.6 -12.7% Depreciation and amortisation (233.8) (316.1) 35.2% Other operating income (expenses) (34.0) (183.9) n.a. Operating income 151.2 (134.4) n.a. Financial result (56.0) (60.7) -8.4% Income tax expense (0.8) 28.5 n.a. Income / (loss) from associates (39.1) (23.0) -41.2% Portion of net income attributable to non-controlling interests (3.4) (1.8) n.a. Group share of net income 51.9 (191.3) n.a.Extract from the consolidate statement of cash flows (€millions)Six months ended December 31 2022 20231 Net income 55.3 -189.5 Result from associates 39.1 23.0 Tax and interest expenses  other operating items9 57.8 111.7 Depreciation  amortisation and provisions 246.8 413.3 Deferred taxes -15.8 -30.2 Changes in accounts receivable 6.3 -9.1 Changes in assets held under customer contracts and other assets 8.1 -36.3 Changes in accounts payable 5.1 -15.1 Changes in liabilities associated with customer contracts and other liabilities -37.0 3.5 Taxes paid -12.4 15.3 Net cash flows from operating activities 353.3 286.5 Acquisitions of satellites  other property and equipment  and intangible assets -166.5 -294.7 Acquisitions of equity investments and other movements10 -29.2 298.0 Net cash flows from investing activities -195.7 3.3 Distributions -80.6 0.0 Repayment of borrowings11 -300.0 -164.0 Repayment of lease liabilities -27.8 -19.0 Loan set-up fees - -2.4 Interest and other fees paid -77.4 -85.6 Transactions with non-controlling interests12 -15.5 -26.0 Premiums and termination indemnities on derivatives settled -31.0 - Proceeds on asset disposals13 - 330.4 Increase in debt and others - 90.0 Net cash flow from financing activities -532.2 123.4 Impact of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents 1.7 1.7 Increase/(Decrease) in cash and cash equivalents -373.0 415.0 Cash and cash equivalents  beginning of period 680.5 482.2 Cash and cash equivalents  end of period 307.4 897.2Appendix 2: Quarterly revenues by applicationQuarterly Reported revenues FY 2022-23 and H1 2023-24The table below shows quarterly reported revenues FY 2022-23 and H1 2023-24.In € millions Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 FY Q1 Q21 2022-23 2022-23 2022-23 2022-23 2022-23 2023-24 2023-24 Video 183.5 182.4 169.3 169.5 704.8 163.5 167.6 Government Services 34.7 32.2 31.4 45.1 143.4 33.5 40.7 Mobile Connectivity 25.9 30.0 26.9 27.3 110.1 35.2 36.0 Fixed Connectivity 46.4 46.8 44.0 40.6 177.8 40.2 54.3 Total Operating Verticals 290.5 291.4 271.6 282.6 1 136.1 272.5 298.6 Other Revenues -3.1 -5.0 0.4 3.0 -4.8 1.5 0.1 Total 287.4 286.4 272.0 285.5 1 131.3 274.0 298.7Appendix 3: Alternative performance indicatorsIn addition to the data published in its accounts  the Group communicates on three alternative performance indicators which it deems relevant for measuring its financial performance: Adjusted EBITDA  Cash Capex and Discretionary free cash flow (DFCF). These indicators are the object of reconciliation with the consolidated accounts.Adjusted EBITDA  Adjusted EBITDA margin and Net debt / Adjusted EBITDA ratioIn compliance with ESMA recommendations  as of 30 June 2023  Eutelsat’s “EBITDA” will evolve to “Adjusted EBITDA”. This change of terminology does not affect the calculation of this indicator.Adjusted EBITDA reflects the profitability of the Group before Interest  Tax  Depreciation and Amortisation. It is a frequently used indicator in the Fixed Satellite Services Sector and more generally the Telecom industry. The table below shows the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA based on the consolidated P&L accounts for H1 2022-23 and H1 2023-24:Six months ended December 31 (€ millions) 2022 20231 Operating income 151.2 (134.4) + Depreciation and Amortisation 233.8 316.1 - Other operating income and expenses 34.0 183.9 Adjusted EBITDA 419.0 365.6The Adjusted EBITDA margin is the ratio of Adjusted EBITDA to revenues. It is calculated as follows:Six months ended December 31 (€ millions) 2022 20231 Adjusted EBITDA 419.0 365.6 Revenues 573.8 572.6 Adjusted EBITDA margin (as a % of revenues) 73.0 63.8At constant currency  the adjusted EBITDA margin stood at 64.1% as of 31 December 2023.The Net debt / adjusted EBITDA ratio is the ratio of net debt to last-twelve months adjusted EBITDA. It is calculated as follows:Six months ended December 31 (€ millions) 2022 20231 Last twelve months adjusted EBITDA 844.9 634.2 Closing net debt14 2 996.0 2 619.1 Net debt / adjusted EBITDA 3.55x 4.13xCash CapexThe Group on occasion operates capacity within the framework of leases  or finances all or part of certain satellite programs under export credit agreements or through other bank facilities  leading to outflows which are not reflected in the item “acquisition of satellites and other tangible or intangible assets”. Cash Capex including the outflows related to these elements is published in order to reflect the totality of Capital Expenditures undertaken in any financial year.In addition  in the event of a partial or total loss of satellite  as previously reported cash Capex included investment in assets which are inoperable or partially inoperable  the amount of insurance proceeds is deducted from Cash Capex.Cash Capex therefore covers the acquisition of satellites and other tangible or intangible assets  payments in respect of export credit facilities or other bank facilities financing investments as well as payments related to lease liabilities. If applicable it is net from the amount of insurance proceeds.The table below shows the calculation of Cash Capex for H1 2022-23 and H1 2023-24:Six months ended December 31 (€ millions) 2022 20231 Acquisitions of satellites  other property and equipment and intangible assets (166.5) (139.8) Insurance proceeds - - Repayments of ECA loans  lease liabilities and other bank facilities 15 (27.8) (84.1) Cash Capex (194.3) (223.9)_____________________1 Including OneWeb participation from October 1st  20232 Unaudited change at constant currency and constant perimeter. The variation is calculated as follows: i) H1 2023-24 USD revenues are converted at H1 2022-23 rates; ii) the contribution of the BigBlu retail broadband operations from 1st July 2022 to 30 December 2022 is excluded from H1 2022-23 revenues iii) H1 2022-23 and H1 2023-24 revenues are restated to include the contribution of OneWeb as if the operation had been completed from July 1st  2022; iv) Hedging revenues are excluded.3 The share of each application as a percentage of total revenues is calculated excluding “Other Revenues”.4 Unaudited change at constant currency and constant perimeter. The variation is calculated as follows: i) H1 2023-24 USD revenues are converted at H1 2022-23 rates; ii) the contribution of the BigBlu retail broadband operations from 1st July 2022 to 30 December 2022 is excluded from H1 2022-23 revenues iii) H1 2022-23 and H1 2023-24 revenues are restated to take into account the contribution of OneWeb as if the operation had been completed from July 1st 2022; iv) Hedging revenues are excluded.5 Converted into Euros and excluding intercompany agreements.6 annual expected run-rate in pre-tax cost synergies of over €80m by Year 5 of the merger.7 Based on nominal deployment plan for the GEO fleet and LEO constellation; excluding uncommitted projects.8 Pro-forma figures with 12 months’ OW figures (actual consolidation as of 1st October 2023).9 Includes the impact of the fair value adjustment of OneWeb investment for €78m.10 Includes a credit facility drawdown of €155.0m and cash from OneWeb for €138.2m.11 Includes the redemption of the Eutelsat SA and OneWeb Holding Ltd facilities in July and November 2023 for €65.1m and €93.0m respectively.12 Include earn-out payments for €26m.13 Include the proceeds from the release of the C band for an after-tax amount of €330m.14 Net debt includes all bank debt  bonds and all liabilities from lease agreements and structured debt as well as Forex portion of the cross-currency swap  less cash and cash equivalents (net of bank overdraft). Net Debt calculation will be available in the Note 6.4.3 of the appendices to the financial accounts.15 Included in lines “Repayment of borrowings” and of “Repayment of lease liabilities” of cash-flow statement.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20240215413117/en/",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.42,0.28,0.3,True,English,"['First Half 2023-24 Results', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'Second Quarter', 'February', '01:31', '20231 Change Change Pro Forma2 P&L Revenues', 'First Half Operating Vertical revenues', 'First Half operating verticals revenues', 'Second Quarter Operating Vertical revenues', 'unique combined GEO-LEO offer', 'full global operational coverage', 'Financial structure Net debt', 'Net debt/ Adjusted EBITDA', 'Next Generation LEO constellation', 'KONNECT VHTS incremental capacity', 'Next Generation OneWeb constellation', 'four Operating Verticals', 'Operating Verticals"" revenues', 'Total Operating Verticals', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Dominique D’Hinnin', 'Alternative Performance Indicators', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'USD exchange rate', 'negative currency impact', 'Second Quarter revenues', 'ground segment roll-out', 'Key Financial Data', 'half year accounts', 'Eutelsat historic scope', 'Eutelsat legacy businesses', 'Adjusted EBITDA margin', 'Adjusted EBITDA ratio', 'OneWeb LEO business', 'Eutelsat GEO business', 'consolidated half-year accounts', 'The LEO activities', 'Eutelsat OneWeb combination', 'ground segment delays', 'auditors’ review procedures', 'top line growth', 'Operating income', 'Total revenues', 'financial results', 'net income', 'Operational successes', 'Other Revenues', 'ground network', 'KEY EVENTS', 'stepwise capacity', 'Eutelsat Communications', 'EUTELSAT 10B', 'Eutelsat Group', 'topline growth', 'capital expenditure', 'Regulatory News', 'Euronext Paris', 'Group share', 'press release', 'Audit Committee', 'review report', 'investors website', 'Cash Capex', 'Eva Berneke', 'user terminals', 'coming months', 'stepwise increase', 'progressive extension', 'orbit assets', 'late September', 'gateway installations', 'Government Services', 'Mobile Connectivity', 'Fixed Connectivity', 'customer service', 'functionality improvements', 'growing backlog', '90% coverage', 'return', 'inclusion', 'rise', 'Design', 'continuity', 'reduction', 'period', 'Board', 'Directors', 'ETL', 'Dec.', 'Note', 'figures', 'IAS', 'ISRE', '14 February', '15 February', 'process', 'definition', 'calculation', 'Appendix', 'document', 'expectations', 'FY', 'availability', 'place', 'secured', 'mix', 'sale', 'margins', 'prospects', 'potential', 'acceleration', 'current', 'entry', 'completion', 'space-segment', 'basis', 'schedule', 'mid-20', 'ANALYSIS', 'REVENUES3', 'Video', 'millions', '5.', '€']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,marketscreener.com
36351,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2024/02/16/2830507/0/en/Japan-First-in-the-World-to-Approve-Dupixent-dupilumab-for-Chronic-Spontaneous-Urticaria-CSU.html,Japan First in the World to Approve Dupixent® (dupilumab) for Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria (CSU),Approval based on results from Phase 3 trial showing Dupixent significantly reduced itch compared to placebo  CSU is the fifth approved indication for......,Approval based on results from Phase 3 trial showing Dupixent significantly reduced itch compared to placeboCSU is the fifth approved indication for Dupixent in Japan and the sixth indication for Dupixent globallyTARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PARIS  Feb. 16  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi today announced that the Ministry of Health  Labor and Welfare (MHLW) in Japan has granted marketing and manufacturing authorization for Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) in people aged 12 years and older whose disease is not adequately controlled with existing therapy. Japan is the first country to approve Dupixent for CSU  emphasizing the value of Dupixent as a novel treatment option to manage this disease in patients with unmet needs.CSU is a chronic inflammatory skin disease driven in part by type 2 inflammation  which causes sudden and debilitating hives and persistent itch. CSU is typically treated with histamine-1 (H1) antihistamines  medicines that target H1 receptors on cells to control symptoms of urticaria. However  the disease remains uncontrolled despite antihistamine treatment in many patients  some of whom are left with limited alternative treatment options. These individuals continue to experience symptoms that can be debilitating and significantly impact their quality of life. Approximately 110 000 people aged 12 years and older suffer from uncontrolled moderate-to-severe CSU in Japan  for which there are currently limited treatments.The Japanese approval is based primarily on data from Study A of the LIBERTY-CUPID clinical trial program evaluating Dupixent as an add-on therapy to standard-of-care H1 antihistamines compared to antihistamines alone (placebo) in 138 patients with CSU who remained symptomatic despite antihistamine use and were not previously treated with omalizumab. This study met the primary and all key secondary endpoints. Patients taking Dupixent added to standard-of-care antihistamines experienced a significant reduction in itch severity compared to standard of care alone at 24 weeks. The safety profile of Dupixent in CSU was generally consistent with the known safety of Dupixent in its approved dermatological indications.In addition to CSU  Dupixent is approved in Japan in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  and prurigo nodularis.About DupixentDupixent  which was invented using Regeneron's proprietary VelocImmune® technology  is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent  such as atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  prurigo nodularis and eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE).Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  EoE  prurigo nodularis  and CSU in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in Japan  Europe and the U.S. More than 800 000 patients are being treated with Dupixent globally.The potential use of Dupixent in CSU is under clinical development in additional countries around the world  and its safety and efficacy have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority outside of Japan.About Regeneron’s VelocImmune TechnologyRegeneron's VelocImmune technology utilizes a proprietary genetically engineered mouse platform endowed with a genetically humanized immune system to produce optimized fully human antibodies. When Regeneron's co-Founder  President and Chief Scientific Officer George D. Yancopoulos was a graduate student with his mentor Frederick W. Alt in 1985  they were the first to envision making such a genetically humanized mouse  and Regeneron has spent decades inventing and developing VelocImmune and related VelociSuite® technologies. Dr. Yancopoulos and his team have used VelocImmune technology to create a substantial proportion of all original  FDA-approved or authorized fully human monoclonal antibodies. This includes REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab)  Dupixent  Libtayo® (cemiplimab-rwlc)  Praluent® (alirocumab)  Kevzara® (sarilumab)  Evkeeza® (evinacumab-dgnb)  Inmazeb® (atoltivimab  maftivimab and odesivimab-ebgn) and Veopoz™ (pozelimab-bbfg).Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Regeneron and Sanofi are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) with evidence of type 2 inflammation  and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.U.S. INDICATIONSDUPIXENT is a prescription medicine used:to treat adults and children 6 months of age and older with moderate-to-severe eczema (atopic dermatitis or AD) that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin (topical)  or who cannot use topical therapies. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with atopic dermatitis under 6 months of age.with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of moderate-to-severe eosinophilic or oral steroid dependent asthma in adults and children 6 years of age and older whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines. DUPIXENT helps prevent severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) and can improve your breathing. DUPIXENT may also help reduce the amount of oral corticosteroids you need while preventing severe asthma attacks and improving your breathing. DUPIXENT is not used to treat sudden breathing problems. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with asthma under 6 years of age.with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP) in adults whose disease is not controlled. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis under 18 years of age.to treat adults and children 1 year of age and older with eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE)  who weigh at least 33 pounds (15 kg). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with eosinophilic esophagitis under 1 year of age  or who weigh less than 33 pounds (15 kg).to treat adults with prurigo nodularis (PN). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with prurigo nodularis under 18 years of age.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONDo not use if you are allergic to dupilumab or to any of the ingredients in DUPIXENT®.Before using DUPIXENT  tell your healthcare provider about all your medical conditions  including if you:have eye problems.have a parasitic (helminth) infection.are scheduled to receive any vaccinations. You should not receive a “live vaccine” right before and during treatment with DUPIXENT.are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. It is not known whether DUPIXENT will harm your unborn baby. A pregnancy registry for women who take DUPIXENT during pregnancy collects information about the health of you and your baby. To enroll or get more information call 1-877-311-8972 or go to https://mothertobaby.org/ongoing-study/dupixent/.are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known whether DUPIXENT passes into your breast milk.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the- counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.Especially tell your healthcare provider if you are taking oral  topical  or inhaled corticosteroid medicines; have asthma and use an asthma medicine; or have atopic dermatitis  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis  eosinophilic esophagitis  or prurigo nodularis and also have asthma. Do not change or stop your corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine without talking to your healthcare provider. This may cause other symptoms that were controlled by the corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine to come back.DUPIXENT can cause serious side effects  including:Allergic reactions. DUPIXENT can cause allergic reactions that can sometimes be severe. Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area.Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area. Eye problems. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed. Inflammation of your blood vessels. Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever.Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever. Joint aches and pain. Some people who use DUPIXENT have had trouble walking or moving due to their joint symptoms  and in some cases needed to be hospitalized. Tell your healthcare provider about any new or worsening joint symptoms. Your healthcare provider may stop DUPIXENT if you develop joint symptoms.The most common side effects include:Eczema: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  dry eye  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia).injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  dry eye  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia). Asthma: injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections.injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections. Chronic Rhinosinusitis with Nasal Polyposis: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  gastritis  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache.injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  gastritis  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache. Eosinophilic Esophagitis: injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia).injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia). Prurigo Nodularis: eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  herpes virus infections  common cold symptoms (nasopharyngitis)  dizziness  muscle pain  and diarrhea.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away.These are not all the possible side effects of DUPIXENT. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch  or call 1-800-FDA-1088.Use DUPIXENT exactly as prescribed by your healthcare provider. It’s an injection given under the skin (subcutaneous injection). Your healthcare provider will decide if you or your caregiver can inject DUPIXENT. Do not try to prepare and inject DUPIXENT until you or your caregiver have been trained by your healthcare provider. In children 12 years of age and older  it’s recommended DUPIXENT be administered by or under supervision of an adult. In children 6 months to less than 12 years of age  DUPIXENT should be given by a caregiver.Please see accompanying full Prescribing Information including Patient Information.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for over 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to numerous FDA-approved treatments and product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information about Regeneron  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow Regeneron on LinkedIn.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people's lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”) and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of chronic spontaneous urticaria (“CSU”); uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  such as the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing (including whether the results of any such studies will be deemed sufficient for regulatory approval of Dupixent for the treatment of CSU by regulatory agencies of other countries); the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  bullous pemphigoid  and other potential indications  as well as potential regulatory approval of Dupixent for the treatment in CSU by regulatory agencies of other countries; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates (such as potential regulatory approval of Dupixent for the treatment in CSU in other countries); ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; the impact of public health outbreaks  epidemics  or pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron's business; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection)  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2023. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron's media and investor relations website (https://investor.regeneron.com) and its LinkedIn page (https://www.linkedin.com/company/regeneron-pharmaceuticals).Sanofi Disclaimers or Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.02,negative,0.01,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria', 'Japan', 'World', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'CSU', 'limited alternative treatment options', 'fully human monoclonal antibodies', 'LIBERTY-CUPID clinical trial program', 'chronic inflammatory skin disease', 'The Dupixent development program', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'different age populations', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'Frederick W. Alt', 'global collaboration agreement', 'novel treatment option', 'George D. Yancopoulos', 'related VelociSuite® technologies', 'significant clinical benefit', 'Dupilumab Development Program', 'chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'key secondary endpoints', 'various chronic diseases', 'proprietary VelocImmune® technology', 'uncontrolled moderate-to-severe CSU', 'histamine-1 (H1) antihistamines', 'human antibodies', 'clinical development', 'Phase 3 trial', 'limited treatments', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', '60 clinical trials', 'antihistamine treatment', 'significant reduction', 'multiple related', 'Dr. Yancopoulos', 'H1 receptors', 'VelocImmune Technology', 'H1 antihistamines', 'N.Y.', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'manufacturing authorization', 'first country', 'unmet needs', 'type 2 inflammation', 'debilitating hives', 'atopic dermatitis', 'nasal polyposis', 'prurigo nodularis', 'central drivers', 'major role', 'morbid diseases', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'regulatory approvals', 'U.S.', 'regulatory authority', 'immune system', 'graduate student', 'substantial proportion', 'original, FDA-approved', 'persistent itch', 'antihistamine use', 'itch severity', 'safety profile', 'known safety', 'potential use', 'sixth indication', 'existing therapy', 'Japanese approval', 'Study A', 'mouse platform', 'dermatological indications', 'additional countries', 'Regeneron Pharmaceuticals', 'many patients', '60 countries', 'Dupixent®', '138 patients', '800,000 patients', '10,000 patients', 'results', 'placebo', 'fifth', 'TARRYTOWN', 'PARIS', 'Inc.', 'NASDAQ', 'REGN', 'Sanofi', 'Ministry', 'Welfare', 'MHLW', 'marketing', 'people', 'value', 'part', 'sudden', 'medicines', 'cells', 'symptoms', 'individuals', 'quality', 'life', 'data', 'care', 'omalizumab', 'primary', 'standard', '24 weeks', 'asthma', 'CRSwNP', 'signaling', 'interleukin-4', 'interleukin-13', '13) pathways', 'immunosuppressant', 'decrease', 'IL-4', 'EoE', 'one', 'world', 'Europe', 'More', 'efficacy', 'Founder', 'President', 'mentor', 'decades', 'team', 'REGEN-COV®', 'casirivimab', 'imdevimab', 'Libtayo®', 'cemiplimab-rwlc', 'Praluent', 'alirocumab', 'Kevzara', 'sarilumab', 'Evkeeza', 'evinacumab-dgnb', 'Inmazeb®', 'atoltivimab', 'maftivimab', 'odesivimab-ebgn', 'Veopoz™', 'pozelimab', 'bbfg', 'date']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,globenewswire.com
36352,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/REGENERON-PHARMACEUTICALS-10649/news/Japan-First-in-the-World-to-Approve-Dupixent-dupilumab-for-Chronic-Spontaneous-Urticaria-CSU-45968611/,Japan First in the World to Approve Dupixent® (dupilumab) for Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria (CSU),(marketscreener.com) Approval based on results from Phase 3 trial showing Dupixent significantly reduced itch compared to placebo CSU is the fifth approved indication for Dupixent in Japan and the sixth indication for Dupixent globally TARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PAR…,Approval based on results from Phase 3 trial showing Dupixent significantly reduced itch compared to placeboCSU is the fifth approved indication for Dupixent in Japan and the sixth indication for Dupixent globallyTARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PARIS  Feb. 16  2024 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi today announced that the Ministry of Health  Labor and Welfare (MHLW) in Japan has granted marketing and manufacturing authorization for Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) in people aged 12 years and older whose disease is not adequately controlled with existing therapy. Japan is the first country to approve Dupixent for CSU  emphasizing the value of Dupixent as a novel treatment option to manage this disease in patients with unmet needs.CSU is a chronic inflammatory skin disease driven in part by type 2 inflammation  which causes sudden and debilitating hives and persistent itch. CSU is typically treated with histamine-1 (H1) antihistamines  medicines that target H1 receptors on cells to control symptoms of urticaria. However  the disease remains uncontrolled despite antihistamine treatment in many patients  some of whom are left with limited alternative treatment options. These individuals continue to experience symptoms that can be debilitating and significantly impact their quality of life. Approximately 110 000 people aged 12 years and older suffer from uncontrolled moderate-to-severe CSU in Japan  for which there are currently limited treatments.The Japanese approval is based primarily on data from Study A of the LIBERTY-CUPID clinical trial program evaluating Dupixent as an add-on therapy to standard-of-care H1 antihistamines compared to antihistamines alone (placebo) in 138 patients with CSU who remained symptomatic despite antihistamine use and were not previously treated with omalizumab. This study met the primary and all key secondary endpoints. Patients taking Dupixent added to standard-of-care antihistamines experienced a significant reduction in itch severity compared to standard of care alone at 24 weeks. The safety profile of Dupixent in CSU was generally consistent with the known safety of Dupixent in its approved dermatological indications.In addition to CSU  Dupixent is approved in Japan in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  and prurigo nodularis.About DupixentDupixent  which was invented using Regeneron's proprietary VelocImmune® technology  is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. The Dupixent development program has shown significant clinical benefit and a decrease in type 2 inflammation in Phase 3 trials  establishing that IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases. These diseases include approved indications for Dupixent  such as atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  prurigo nodularis and eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE).Dupixent has received regulatory approvals in one or more countries around the world for use in certain patients with atopic dermatitis  asthma  CRSwNP  EoE  prurigo nodularis  and CSU in different age populations. Dupixent is currently approved for one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries  including in Japan  Europe and the U.S. More than 800 000 patients are being treated with Dupixent globally.The potential use of Dupixent in CSU is under clinical development in additional countries around the world  and its safety and efficacy have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority outside of Japan.About Regeneron’s VelocImmune TechnologyRegeneron's VelocImmune technology utilizes a proprietary genetically engineered mouse platform endowed with a genetically humanized immune system to produce optimized fully human antibodies. When Regeneron's co-Founder  President and Chief Scientific Officer George D. Yancopoulos was a graduate student with his mentor Frederick W. Alt in 1985  they were the first to envision making such a genetically humanized mouse  and Regeneron has spent decades inventing and developing VelocImmune and related VelociSuite® technologies. Dr. Yancopoulos and his team have used VelocImmune technology to create a substantial proportion of all original  FDA-approved or authorized fully human monoclonal antibodies. This includes REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab)  Dupixent  Libtayo® (cemiplimab-rwlc)  Praluent® (alirocumab)  Kevzara® (sarilumab)  Evkeeza® (evinacumab-dgnb)  Inmazeb® (atoltivimab  maftivimab and odesivimab-ebgn) and Veopoz™ (pozelimab-bbfg).Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Regeneron and Sanofi are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes in Phase 3 trials  including chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) with evidence of type 2 inflammation  and bullous pemphigoid. These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.U.S. INDICATIONSDUPIXENT is a prescription medicine used:to treat adults and children 6 months of age and older with moderate-to-severe eczema (atopic dermatitis or AD) that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin (topical)  or who cannot use topical therapies. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with atopic dermatitis under 6 months of age.with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of moderate-to-severe eosinophilic or oral steroid dependent asthma in adults and children 6 years of age and older whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines. DUPIXENT helps prevent severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) and can improve your breathing. DUPIXENT may also help reduce the amount of oral corticosteroids you need while preventing severe asthma attacks and improving your breathing. DUPIXENT is not used to treat sudden breathing problems. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with asthma under 6 years of age.with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP) in adults whose disease is not controlled. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis under 18 years of age.to treat adults and children 1 year of age and older with eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE)  who weigh at least 33 pounds (15 kg). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with eosinophilic esophagitis under 1 year of age  or who weigh less than 33 pounds (15 kg).to treat adults with prurigo nodularis (PN). It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with prurigo nodularis under 18 years of age.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATIONDo not use if you are allergic to dupilumab or to any of the ingredients in DUPIXENT®.Before using DUPIXENT  tell your healthcare provider about all your medical conditions  including if you:have eye problems.have a parasitic (helminth) infection.are scheduled to receive any vaccinations. You should not receive a “live vaccine” right before and during treatment with DUPIXENT.are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. It is not known whether DUPIXENT will harm your unborn baby. A pregnancy registry for women who take DUPIXENT during pregnancy collects information about the health of you and your baby. To enroll or get more information call 1-877-311-8972 or go to https://mothertobaby.org/ongoing-study/dupixent/ .are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known whether DUPIXENT passes into your breast milk.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the- counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.Especially tell your healthcare provider if you are taking oral  topical  or inhaled corticosteroid medicines; have asthma and use an asthma medicine; or have atopic dermatitis  chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis  eosinophilic esophagitis  or prurigo nodularis and also have asthma. Do not change or stop your corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine without talking to your healthcare provider. This may cause other symptoms that were controlled by the corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine to come back.DUPIXENT can cause serious side effects  including:Allergic reactions. DUPIXENT can cause allergic reactions that can sometimes be severe. Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area.Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area. Eye problems. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed. Inflammation of your blood vessels. Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever.Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever. Joint aches and pain. Some people who use DUPIXENT have had trouble walking or moving due to their joint symptoms  and in some cases needed to be hospitalized. Tell your healthcare provider about any new or worsening joint symptoms. Your healthcare provider may stop DUPIXENT if you develop joint symptoms.The most common side effects include:Eczema: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  dry eye  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia).injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  dry eye  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia). Asthma: injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections.injection site reactions  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  and parasitic (helminth) infections. Chronic Rhinosinusitis with Nasal Polyposis: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  gastritis  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache.injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  gastritis  joint pain (arthralgia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  and toothache. Eosinophilic Esophagitis: injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia).injection site reactions  upper respiratory tract infections  cold sores in your mouth or on your lips  and joint pain (arthralgia). Prurigo Nodularis: eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  herpes virus infections  common cold symptoms (nasopharyngitis)  dizziness  muscle pain  and diarrhea.Tell your healthcare provider if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away.These are not all the possible side effects of DUPIXENT. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch  or call 1-800-FDA-1088.Use DUPIXENT exactly as prescribed by your healthcare provider. It’s an injection given under the skin (subcutaneous injection). Your healthcare provider will decide if you or your caregiver can inject DUPIXENT. Do not try to prepare and inject DUPIXENT until you or your caregiver have been trained by your healthcare provider. In children 12 years of age and older  it’s recommended DUPIXENT be administered by or under supervision of an adult. In children 6 months to less than 12 years of age  DUPIXENT should be given by a caregiver.Please see accompanying full Prescribing Information including Patient Information.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents  develops and commercializes life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for over 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to numerous FDA-approved treatments and product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For more information about Regeneron  please visit www.Regeneron.com or follow Regeneron on LinkedIn.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people's lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”) and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of chronic spontaneous urticaria (“CSU”); uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  such as the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing (including whether the results of any such studies will be deemed sufficient for regulatory approval of Dupixent for the treatment of CSU by regulatory agencies of other countries); the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of chronic pruritus of unknown origin  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  bullous pemphigoid  and other potential indications  as well as potential regulatory approval of Dupixent for the treatment in CSU by regulatory agencies of other countries; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates (such as potential regulatory approval of Dupixent for the treatment in CSU in other countries); ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi and Bayer (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; the impact of public health outbreaks  epidemics  or pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron's business; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection)  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2023. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron's media and investor relations website (https://investor.regeneron.com) and its LinkedIn page (https://www.linkedin.com/company/regeneron-pharmaceuticals).Sanofi Disclaimers or Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that pandemics or other global crises may have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.02,negative,0.01,0.31,0.68,True,English,"['Chronic Spontaneous Urticaria', 'Japan', 'World', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'CSU', 'limited alternative treatment options', 'fully human monoclonal antibodies', 'LIBERTY-CUPID clinical trial program', 'chronic inflammatory skin disease', 'The Dupixent development program', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'different age populations', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'Frederick W. Alt', 'global collaboration agreement', 'novel treatment option', 'George D. Yancopoulos', 'related VelociSuite® technologies', 'significant clinical benefit', 'Dupilumab Development Program', 'chronic spontaneous urticaria', 'key secondary endpoints', 'various chronic diseases', 'proprietary VelocImmune® technology', 'uncontrolled moderate-to-severe CSU', 'histamine-1 (H1) antihistamines', 'human antibodies', 'clinical development', 'Phase 3 trial', 'limited treatments', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', '60 clinical trials', 'antihistamine treatment', 'significant reduction', 'multiple related', 'Dr. Yancopoulos', 'H1 receptors', 'VelocImmune Technology', 'H1 antihistamines', 'N.Y.', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'manufacturing authorization', 'first country', 'unmet needs', 'type 2 inflammation', 'debilitating hives', 'atopic dermatitis', 'nasal polyposis', 'prurigo nodularis', 'central drivers', 'major role', 'morbid diseases', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'regulatory approvals', 'U.S.', 'regulatory authority', 'immune system', 'graduate student', 'substantial proportion', 'original, FDA-approved', 'persistent itch', 'antihistamine use', 'itch severity', 'safety profile', 'known safety', 'potential use', 'sixth indication', 'existing therapy', 'Japanese approval', 'Study A', 'mouse platform', 'dermatological indications', 'additional countries', 'Regeneron Pharmaceuticals', 'many patients', '60 countries', 'Dupixent®', '138 patients', '800,000 patients', '10,000 patients', 'results', 'placebo', 'fifth', 'TARRYTOWN', 'PARIS', 'Inc.', 'NASDAQ', 'REGN', 'Sanofi', 'Ministry', 'Welfare', 'MHLW', 'marketing', 'people', 'value', 'part', 'sudden', 'medicines', 'cells', 'symptoms', 'individuals', 'quality', 'life', 'data', 'care', 'omalizumab', 'primary', 'standard', '24 weeks', 'asthma', 'CRSwNP', 'signaling', 'interleukin-4', 'interleukin-13', '13) pathways', 'immunosuppressant', 'decrease', 'IL-4', 'EoE', 'one', 'world', 'Europe', 'More', 'efficacy', 'Founder', 'President', 'mentor', 'decades', 'team', 'REGEN-COV®', 'casirivimab', 'imdevimab', 'Libtayo®', 'cemiplimab-rwlc', 'Praluent', 'alirocumab', 'Kevzara', 'sarilumab', 'Evkeeza', 'evinacumab-dgnb', 'Inmazeb®', 'atoltivimab', 'maftivimab', 'odesivimab-ebgn', 'Veopoz™', 'pozelimab', 'bbfg', 'date']",2024-02-16,2024-02-17,marketscreener.com
