UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
30547,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://indianexpress.com/article/opinion/columns/with-entry-into-jp-morgan-bond-indices-india-is-playing-in-the-world-8952053/,With entry into JP Morgan bond indices  India is playing in the world,Becoming a part of global markets will increase capital flows into the country  put spotlight on government finances,India’s rise as a coveted investment destination and a global economic powerhouse is now on the horizon. Intense parleys  preparations and efforts of the government and regulators for nearly a decade have paid off. JP Morgan has decided to include India in its Government Bond Index-Emerging Markets (GBI-EM) index. The inclusion is slated to commence from June 28  2024  and will extend over 10 months with 1 per cent increments on the index weighting  as the country is expected to reach the maximum weighting of 10 per cent as per JP Morgan. Nearly two dozen Indian government bonds with a combined notional value of $330 billion will be eligible.Total flows could top $45-50 billion over the next 12-15 months alone once India is part of the third key bond indices. For context  India has received total bond inflows of around $40 billion over the last decade  that is  under 2 per cent of the total issue size. However  actual annual flows may vary  depending on the underlying macro dynamics and momentum of active as well as passive flows.There are two other notable global bond indices — the FTSE EM Index and the Bloomberg Barclays EM bond index. So  will this JPM Index inclusion automatically lead to India’s inclusion in these indices? Not really. In fact  the procedural requirements and conditionalities are more stringent and these may be contingent upon tackling operational hurdles such as custody and settlement  clarity on taxation and Euroclear. However  there is no denying that once the Indian government bonds are included in the above benchmark bond index  it will impart a positive momentum and catalyse larger portfolio inflows on a sustainable basis. So  what does this inclusion mean?First  it is widely understood that India is a large importer of commodities. However  what is under-appreciated is that India is also a huge importer of global capital and hence the country’s economic as well as business cycles are susceptible to greater gyrations in global capital markets in general and the US interest rates and the dollar in particular.Second  the move will help ease the constraints around the financing of India’s twin deficits — the fiscal and current account deficits — by providing an alternate source of funds. It will structurally help lower India’s risk premia and the cost of funding which has long been a bugbear for borrowers. It will also deepen India’s bond markets  increase liquidity  widen the ownership of GSecs and lower the pressure on yields. Importantly  it will make the exchange rate stable  lowering the hurdle rate for FIIs investing in India. The Indian currency will benefit from theresultant higher confidence of investors.Third  corporates will benefit as the entire yield curve will move a notch lower  bringing down the cost of financing sustainably over time. Corporate bond spreads will now narrow and remain in check due to positive sentiments and flow momentum.Fourth  the commercial banking sector will face less pressure to absorb a majority of government bonds and hence the balance sheets will have more wherewithal to lend to the needy private sector segments in the economy.AdvertisementFifth  India is currently on its way to building the infrastructure that it sorely needs. This is vital for creating the infrastructure backbone for realising the manufacturing-led growth ambitions. With public debt having risen faster and lagging the savings rate  bond inclusion can provide a source of long-term sustainable source of financing through investment in government securities.Also Read | Foxconn aims to double jobs  investment in India over next 12 monthsImportantly  the timing of inclusion and the macro backdrop is interesting. The external environment has turned more hostile. The 10-year US treasury yield has risen rather sharply  and the US Fed remains hawkish. Yet another US government shutdown looms  posing a potential risk for markets. Moreover  the global trade and geopolitical backdrop remains uncertain.The key question is whether the inclusion in the global indices will make India automatically entitled to huge resultant inflows. No  the underlying macroeconomic scenario will always matter more and there remain challenges that one should not lose sight of.AdvertisementFor one  the announcement of entry into the bond index will put the spotlight squarely on government finances and fiscal responsibility from hereon. Importantly  this is at a delicate juncture as India’s electoral calendar will not get bust with five state elections and then the general election. Rising crude oil prices pose a headache for the fisc and any relief via petrol or diesel price cuts or other sops will become tougher. Further  reliance on foreign funds for funding domestic deficits entails significant macro risks as was seen during the global financial crisis and the taper tantrum episodes. The inclusion will also expose Indian debt markets to greater volatility and link it to the vagaries of passive flows which allocate capital based on the weightage assigned by the index provider.Further  several operational hurdles will need to be ironed out — the ability to clear and settle Indian debt on an international platform like Euroclear  repatriation of funds  and tax complexities including removing or lowering the capital gains tax compared to what domestic investors would pay.Over time  the ongoing reform process  easier market access and transparency will shape and hasten the country’s integration into global markets  paving the way for a landscape of unparalleled market development  long-term capital inflows  and innovative financial products.The writer is Group Chief Economist  L&T. Views personal,neutral,0.13,0.85,0.01,mixed,0.28,0.25,0.47,True,English,"['JP Morgan bond indices', 'entry', 'India', 'world', 'two other notable global bond indices', 'Bloomberg Barclays EM bond index', 'two dozen Indian government bonds', 'Rising crude oil prices', 'needy private sector segments', '10-year US treasury yield', 'third key bond indices', 'Government Bond Index-Emerging Markets', 'FTSE EM Index', 'entire yield curve', 'commercial banking sector', 'Corporate bond spreads', 'benchmark bond index', 'total bond inflows', 'combined notional value', 'larger portfolio inflows', 'US interest rates', 'resultant higher confidence', 'manufacturing-led growth ambitions', 'underlying macroeconomic scenario', 'five state elections', 'diesel price cuts', 'global financial crisis', 'taper tantrum episodes', 'US government shutdown', 'total issue size', 'underlying macro dynamics', 'significant macro risks', 'huge resultant inflows', 'Indian debt markets', 'current account deficits', 'actual annual flows', 'global economic powerhouse', '1 per cent increments', 'global capital markets', 'next 12-15 months', 'long-term sustainable source', 'JPM Index inclusion', 'global indices', 'bond markets', 'other sops', 'Indian currency', 'US Fed', 'global trade', 'key question', 'Total flows', 'bond inclusion', 'GBI-EM) index', 'index weighting', 'government securities', 'government finances', 'index provider', '10 per cent', '2 per cent', 'macro backdrop', 'sustainable basis', 'huge importer', 'public debt', 'next 12 months', 'twin deficits', 'domestic deficits', 'passive flows', 'Intense parleys', 'JP Morgan', 'maximum weighting', 'procedural requirements', 'operational hurdles', 'large importer', 'business cycles', 'greater gyrations', 'alternate source', 'risk premia', 'exchange rate', 'hurdle rate', 'positive sentiments', 'balance sheets', 'savings rate', 'external environment', 'potential risk', 'geopolitical backdrop', 'delicate juncture', 'electoral calendar', 'general election', 'greater volatility', 'positive momentum', 'flow momentum', 'last decade', 'less pressure', 'infrastructure backbone', 'fiscal responsibility', 'foreign funds', 'investment destination', '10 months', 'coveted', 'horizon', 'preparations', 'efforts', 'regulators', 'June', 'country', 'part', 'context', 'active', 'conditionalities', 'custody', 'settlement', 'clarity', 'taxation', 'denying', 'commodities', 'dollar', 'move', 'constraints', 'financing', 'cost', 'funding', 'bugbear', 'borrowers', 'liquidity', 'ownership', 'GSecs', 'yields', 'FIIs', 'investors', 'corporates', 'notch', 'check', 'majority', 'wherewithal', 'economy', 'Advertisement', 'way', 'Foxconn', 'jobs', 'timing', 'challenges', 'sight', 'announcement', 'entry', 'spotlight', 'headache', 'relief', 'petrol', 'reliance', 'vagaries', 'weightage']",2023-09-23,2023-09-24,indianexpress.com
30548,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.thehindubusinessline.com/opinion/editorial/bond-index-inclusion-is-a-boost-but-can-cause-volatility/article67341677.ece,Editorial. Bond index inclusion is a boost  but can cause volatility,It is good that the government has been working on improving accessibility of Indian bonds by introducing the Fully Automated Route  which has made the inclusion possible. Twenty three government bonds valued at $330 billion are now eligible for inclusion in global indices.,The inclusion of India’s sovereign bonds in JP Morgan’s emerging market index after a prolonged wait points to how India’s financial markets cannot be ignored by foreign investors  especially given the geopolitical compulsions making them move away from Russian sovereign securities. Significantly  this has happened without India becoming a member of Euroclear or other global clearing houses; or giving any immediate tax concessions to global investors.It is good that the government has been working on improving accessibility of Indian bonds by introducing the Fully Automated Route  which has made the inclusion possible. Twenty three government bonds valued at $330 billion are now eligible for inclusion in global indices. The inclusion in JP Morgan’s index is a good first step and the additional inflows due to this will certainly buttress the rupee and the external account  have a positive impact on bond yields and support the government borrowing programme. The bond market in India however did not react much to this development; the 10-year government bond yield hardened slightly on Friday. Main reason for this is that the move was already known to bond markets with foreign investors turning net buyers in Indian sovereign bonds in September. It is due to this reason that Indian government bond yields have stayed stable this month even as bond yields in other regions spiked higher due to the US Fed’s hawkish stance in the recent policy meeting. Also  short-term impact could be less since the bulk of the inflows are expected after a year since the weight for India in the JP Morgan emerging market index will be increased to 10 per cent over 10 months commencing from July 2024.While high projections for potential inflows are being given by some brokerages  we need to wait for a year to see if these projections are met. Active funds benchmarked against the index are free to buy Indian government bonds to the extent they want. With FPIs utilising only 24 per cent of the limit in Indian sovereign bonds currently  it is apparent that they are likely to go slow in ploughing money into G-secs. The high yields in sovereign bonds of advanced economies  especially the US  combined with the high inflation and fiscal deficit of India is likely to influence their investment decisions.Also  while passive fund inflows can come next year  sustainable inflows every year is possible only if the emerging market funds keep getting investments. On the other hand  if these funds witness outflows due to geopolitical factors  central bank actions and so on  Indian government bonds will also face selling pressure  pushing yields higher. The RBI will have to be ready with its arsenal to defend the rupee and bonds  in such conditions. Along with trying to get inclusion in global bond indices  the Centre should also focus on increasing participation of domestic retail investors in G-secs  so that they can counter any future volatility caused by foreign investors.,neutral,0.02,0.87,0.11,mixed,0.36,0.25,0.39,True,English,"['Bond index inclusion', 'Editorial', 'boost', 'volatility', 'JP Morgan emerging market index', 'Twenty three government bonds', 'other global clearing houses', 'Indian government bond yields', 'prolonged wait points', 'immediate tax concessions', 'Fully Automated Route', 'good first step', 'government borrowing programme', 'recent policy meeting', 'central bank actions', 'emerging market funds', 'Russian sovereign securities', '10-year government bond', 'Indian government bonds', 'domestic retail investors', 'Indian sovereign bonds', 'passive fund inflows', 'global bond indices', 'bond market', 'Indian bonds', 'global indices', 'global investors', 'other regions', 'other hand', 'foreign investors', 'high yields', 'financial markets', 'geopolitical compulsions', 'additional inflows', 'external account', 'positive impact', 'net buyers', 'short-term impact', '10 per cent', 'potential inflows', 'Active funds', '24 per cent', 'advanced economies', 'high inflation', 'fiscal deficit', 'investment decisions', 'sustainable inflows', 'geopolitical factors', 'selling pressure', 'The RBI', 'increasing participation', 'future volatility', 'Main reason', 'US Fed', 'high projections', 'inclusion', 'member', 'Euroclear', 'accessibility', 'rupee', 'development', 'Friday', 'move', 'September', 'stance', 'bulk', 'weight', '10 months', 'July', 'brokerages', 'extent', 'FPIs', 'limit', 'money', 'G-secs', 'investments', 'outflows', 'arsenal', 'conditions', 'Centre']",2023-09-24,2023-09-24,thehindubusinessline.com
30549,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/investing/article-12552541/Masonic-bond-finally-pays-Euroclear-fiasco.html,Masonic bond finally pays out after Euroclear fiasco,To pay for these  the 79-year-old former accountant invested £5 000 in March in a new bond from the Royal Masonic Benevolent Institution Care Company (RMBI). Founded in 1850  the RMBI runs care homes and sheltered accommodation for more than 1 000 freemasons and others.,Every time Peter Cloke visits his wife Millie in her care home in Woodbridge  Suffolk  he arrives bearing treats such as chocolates or sweet-smelling shower gel.To pay for these  the 79-year-old former accountant invested £5 000 in March in a new bond from the Royal Masonic Benevolent Institution Care Company (RMBI).Founded in 1850  the RMBI runs care homes and sheltered accommodation for more than 1 000 freemasons and others.The issue was a success  raising £20million. Maturing in 2029  the bonds offer 6.25 per cent interest  paid twice a year  with the first payment due on September 7.Peter had only invested in equities and unit trusts before but the bond's charitable nature attracted him. The Masonic backing was reassuring and he was keen on the fixed twice-yearly payments  which he decided to spend on those treats for his wife.Weak link: Each party had done its bit except for EuroclearHaving bought the bonds via wealth platform Hargreaves Lansdown  Peter duly checked his account on September 7 for the first payment. It had not arrived and  as days passed  he worried. Peter was not alone. Hundreds of investors were in the same boat  many having poured £15 000 or more into the bond issue.Mark Lloyd  managing director of the RMBI  was astounded when distressed bondholders contacted the charity. He had made sure the money was sent out on time to be forwarded to bondholders.But the process is complex  with the funds going through intermediaries before reaching Euroclear  the Brussels-based clearing system ultimately responsible for sending the cash to brokers and investors.Research by The Mail on Sunday revealed each party had done its bit except for Euroclear. It only moved the cash when urged to by Lloyd and colleagues. By the end of last week however  bondholders had been paid. Now Peter can stock up on treats for his wife.,negative,0.03,0.27,0.7,mixed,0.29,0.11,0.6,True,English,"['Masonic bond', 'Euroclear fiasco', 'Royal Masonic Benevolent Institution Care Company', 'The Masonic backing', 'sweet-smelling shower gel', '79-year-old former accountant', '6.25 per cent interest', 'Brussels-based clearing system', 'care home', 'The Mail', 'first payment', 'unit trusts', 'charitable nature', 'twice-yearly payments', 'Weak link', 'wealth platform', 'Hargreaves Lansdown', 'same boat', 'managing director', 'last week', 'new bond', 'Mark Lloyd', 'distressed bondholders', 'Peter Cloke', 'bond issue', 'wife', 'Millie', 'Woodbridge', 'Suffolk', 'treats', 'chocolates', 'March', 'RMBI', 'accommodation', '1,000 freemasons', 'others', 'success', 'bonds', 'September', 'equities', 'party', 'bit', 'Euroclear', 'days', 'Hundreds', 'investors', 'charity', 'money', 'time', 'process', 'funds', 'intermediaries', 'cash', 'brokers', 'Research', 'Sunday', 'colleagues', 'end']",2023-09-23,2023-09-24,thisismoney.co.uk
30550,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-announces-resignation-of-anna-jones-from-its-board-of-directors-301936741.html,Universal Music Group N.V. Announces Resignation of Anna Jones from its Board of Directors,HILVERSUM  Netherlands  Sept. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that Non-Executive Director Anna Jones has decided to retire from the Board with effect from September 30  2023 to focus on new professional comm…,HILVERSUM  Netherlands  Sept. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that Non-Executive Director Anna Jones has decided to retire from the Board with effect from September 30  2023 to focus on new professional commitments. The Board is very grateful for Ms. Jones' contributions to the Company.UMGAbout Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsInvestorErika Begun – investorrelations@umusic.comMediaJames Murtagh-Hopkins – communicationsnl@umusic.comCautionary NoticeThis press release is published by Universal Music Group N.V. and contains inside information within the meaning of article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (Market Abuse Regulation).Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/512308/UMG.jpgSOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.92,0.07,0.01,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Anna Jones', 'Resignation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Non-Executive Director Anna Jones', ""Ms. Jones' contributions"", 'commercially successful music', 'new professional commitments', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'music publishing', 'new experiences', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'Erika Begun', 'James Murtagh-Hopkins', 'Cautionary Notice', 'press release', 'The Board', 'world leader', 'inside information', 'HILVERSUM', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'effect', 'September', 'Company', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'development', 'services', 'platforms', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans', 'Contacts', 'Investor', 'umusic', 'Media', 'communicationsnl', 'meaning', 'article', 'Logo']",2023-09-23,2023-09-24,prnewswire.co.uk
30551,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIVERSAL-MUSIC-GROUP-N-V-128691318/news/Universal-Music-Group-N-V-Announces-Resignation-of-Anna-Jones-from-its-Board-of-Directors-44908410/,Universal Music Group N.V. Announces Resignation of Anna Jones from its Board of Directors,(marketscreener.com) HILVERSUM  Netherlands  Sept. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. announced today that Non-Executive Director Anna Jones has decided to retire from the Board with effect from September 30  2023 to focus on new profession…,HILVERSUM  Netherlands  Sept. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that Non-Executive Director Anna Jones has decided to retire from the Board with effect from September 30  2023 to focus on new professional commitments. The Board is very grateful for Ms. Jones' contributions to the Company.About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsInvestorErika Begun – investorrelations@umusic.comMediaJames Murtagh-Hopkins – communicationsnl@umusic.comCautionary NoticeThis press release is published by Universal Music Group N.V. and contains inside information within the meaning of article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (Market Abuse Regulation).View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-announces-resignation-of-anna-jones-from-its-board-of-directors-301936736.htmlSOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.94,0.05,0.01,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Anna Jones', 'Resignation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Non-Executive Director Anna Jones', 'commercially successful music', 'new professional commitments', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'music publishing', 'new experiences', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'Erika Begun', 'James Murtagh-Hopkins', 'Cautionary Notice', 'press release', 'EU) No', 'original content', 'world leader', 'The Board', 'HILVERSUM', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'effect', 'September', 'contributions', 'Company', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'development', 'services', 'platforms', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Investor', 'umusic', 'Media', 'communicationsnl', 'inside', 'meaning', 'article', 'news-releases', 'universal-music-group', 'resignation', 'anna-jones', 'directors']",2023-09-23,2023-09-24,marketscreener.com
30552,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-announces-resignation-of-anna-jones-from-its-board-of-directors-301936741.html,Universal Music Group N.V. Announces Resignation of Anna Jones from its Board of Directors,HILVERSUM  Netherlands  Sept. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that Non-Executive Director Anna Jones has decided to retire from the Board with effect from September 30  2023 to focus on new professional comm…,HILVERSUM  Netherlands  Sept. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that Non-Executive Director Anna Jones has decided to retire from the Board with effect from September 30  2023 to focus on new professional commitments. The Board is very grateful for Ms. Jones' contributions to the Company.UMGAbout Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsInvestorErika Begun – [email protected]MediaJames Murtagh-Hopkins – [email protected]Cautionary NoticeThis press release is published by Universal Music Group N.V. and contains inside information within the meaning of article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (Market Abuse Regulation).Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/512308/UMG.jpgSOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.92,0.07,0.01,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Anna Jones', 'Resignation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Non-Executive Director Anna Jones', ""Ms. Jones' contributions"", 'commercially successful music', 'new professional commitments', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'music publishing', 'new experiences', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'Erika Begun', 'James Murtagh-Hopkins', 'Cautionary Notice', 'press release', 'The Board', 'world leader', 'inside information', 'HILVERSUM', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'effect', 'September', 'Company', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'development', 'services', 'platforms', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans', 'Contacts', 'Investor', 'Media', 'meaning', 'article', 'Logo']",2023-09-23,2023-09-24,prnewswire.com
30553,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/universal-music-group-nv-announces-resignation-of-anna-jones-from-its-board-of-directors-301936736.html,Universal Music Group N.V. Announces Resignation of Anna Jones from its Board of Directors,HILVERSUM  Netherlands  Sept. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that Non-Executive Director Anna Jones has decided to retire from the Board with effect from September 30  2023 to focus on new professional comm…,HILVERSUM  Netherlands  Sept. 22  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Universal Music Group N.V. (EURONEXT: UMG) announced today that Non-Executive Director Anna Jones has decided to retire from the Board with effect from September 30  2023 to focus on new professional commitments. The Board is very grateful for Ms. Jones' contributions to the Company.About Universal Music GroupAt Universal Music Group  we exist to shape culture through the power of artistry. UMG is the world leader in music-based entertainment  with a broad array of businesses engaged in recorded music  music publishing  merchandising  and audiovisual content. Featuring the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre  UMG identifies and develops artists and produces and distributes the most critically acclaimed and commercially successful music in the world. Committed to artistry  innovation  and entrepreneurship  UMG fosters the development of services  platforms  and business models in order to broaden artistic and commercial opportunities for our artists and create new experiences for fans. For more information  visit www.universalmusic.com.ContactsInvestorErika Begun – [email protected]MediaJames Murtagh-Hopkins – [email protected]Cautionary NoticeThis press release is published by Universal Music Group N.V. and contains inside information within the meaning of article 7(1) of Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (Market Abuse Regulation).SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,positive,0.94,0.05,0.01,True,English,"['Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Anna Jones', 'Resignation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'SOURCE Universal Music Group N.V.', 'Non-Executive Director Anna Jones', 'commercially successful music', 'new professional commitments', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'music publishing', 'new experiences', 'music-based entertainment', 'broad array', 'audiovisual content', 'comprehensive catalogue', 'musical genre', 'business models', 'commercial opportunities', 'Erika Begun', 'James Murtagh-Hopkins', 'Cautionary Notice', 'press release', 'EU) No', 'The Board', 'world leader', 'HILVERSUM', 'Netherlands', 'PRNewswire', 'EURONEXT', 'UMG', 'effect', 'September', 'contributions', 'Company', 'culture', 'power', 'artistry', 'businesses', 'merchandising', 'recordings', 'songs', 'artists', 'acclaimed', 'innovation', 'development', 'services', 'platforms', 'order', 'artistic', 'fans', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Investor', 'Media', 'inside', 'meaning', 'article']",2023-09-23,2023-09-24,prnewswire.com
30554,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.thetimes.co.uk/article/has-the-bell-tolled-for-dublins-stock-market-amid-big-company-exodus-bq03lh7nj,Has the bell tolled for Dublin’s stock market amid big company exodus?,Stewart Kenny  co-founder of the Paddy Power betting chain  has sketchy memories of the day in December 2000 when the company floated on the Irish Stock Exch,Stewart Kenny  co-founder of the Paddy Power betting chain  has sketchy memories of the day in December 2000 when the company floated on the Irish Stock Exchange. The shares  which traded as Power Leisure  popped 15 per cent on their first day but there was no celebratory dinner at Restaurant Patrick Guilbaud.“I do recall falling asleep over a bag of chips in the Embassy Grill in Ballsbridge ” the former chief executive said.SponsoredPower Leisure  which floated on a valuation of £70 million  is now Flutter Entertainment  and has a market capitalisation of £25 billion. It is one of the market’s outstanding success stories. Yet its future as a member of what is now the Euronext Dublin exchange is in doubt. With most of its,neutral,0.04,0.61,0.35,mixed,0.44,0.14,0.42,True,English,"['big company exodus', 'stock market', 'bell', 'Dublin', 'Paddy Power betting chain', 'Irish Stock Exchange', 'Restaurant Patrick Guilbaud', 'former chief executive', 'outstanding success stories', 'Euronext Dublin exchange', 'Power Leisure', 'Stewart Kenny', 'sketchy memories', 'celebratory dinner', 'Embassy Grill', 'Flutter Entertainment', 'first day', 'market capitalisation', 'founder', 'December', 'company', 'shares', 'bag', 'chips', 'Ballsbridge', 'future', 'member', 'doubt']",2023-09-23,2023-09-24,thetimes.co.uk
