UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
22064,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@ftr_investors I would imagine Euronext NV  London Stock Exchange Group and Deutsche Boerse deserve to be amongst t… https://t.co/rPB2OYyeZr,nan,@ftr_investors I would imagine Euronext NV  London Stock Exchange Group and Deutsche Boerse deserve to be amongst t… https://t.co/rPB2OYyeZr,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,neutral,0.11,0.87,0.02,True,English,"['London Stock Exchange Group', 'Euronext NV', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'London Stock Exchange Group', 'Euronext NV', 'Deutsche Boerse']",2023-04-04,2023-04-12,Unknown
22065,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Deutsche Börse has released its cash market trading volumes for March 2023  witnessing the markets' turnover totale… https://t.co/fv0I1E513o,nan,Deutsche Börse has released its cash market trading volumes for March 2023  witnessing the markets' turnover totale… https://t.co/fv0I1E513o,neutral,0.16,0.81,0.03,neutral,0.16,0.81,0.03,True,English,"['cash market trading volumes', 'Deutsche Börse', ""markets' turnover totale"", 'March', 'cash market trading volumes', 'Deutsche Börse', ""markets' turnover totale"", 'March']",2023-04-04,2023-04-12,Unknown
22066,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,ETC Group to launch multi-crypto ETP @ETF_Strategy ETC Group is set to launch a new ETP on Deutsche Börse Xetra. T… https://t.co/cgOaHouL52,nan,ETC Group to launch multi-crypto ETP @ETF_Strategy ETC Group is set to launch a new ETP on Deutsche Börse Xetra. T… https://t.co/cgOaHouL52,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'ETC Group', 'multi-crypto ETP', 'new ETP', 'ETF_Strategy', 'Deutsche Börse Xetra', 'ETC Group', 'multi-crypto ETP', 'new ETP', 'ETF_Strategy']",2023-04-03,2023-04-12,Unknown
22187,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,VanEck has launched a new oil sector strategy which is now listed on the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Börse X… https://t.co/u6ONR2CU2V,nan,VanEck has launched a new oil sector strategy which is now listed on the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Börse X… https://t.co/u6ONR2CU2V,neutral,0.17,0.83,0.01,neutral,0.17,0.83,0.01,True,English,"['new oil sector strategy', 'Deutsche Börse X', 'London Stock Exchange', 'VanEck', 'new oil sector strategy', 'Deutsche Börse X', 'London Stock Exchange', 'VanEck']",2023-04-05,2023-04-12,Unknown
22188,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,VanEck has launched a new defense sector strategy which is now listed on the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Bör… https://t.co/5FfTSKbn4w,nan,VanEck has launched a new defense sector strategy which is now listed on the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Bör… https://t.co/5FfTSKbn4w,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,True,English,"['new defense sector strategy', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Bör', 'VanEck', 'FfTSKbn4w', 'new defense sector strategy', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Deutsche Bör', 'VanEck', 'FfTSKbn4w']",2023-04-05,2023-04-12,Unknown
22307,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,📸#PhotostoryThe Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023👉https://t.co/e1ZKC3pBSzThe shortlisted artists… https://t.co/HwinNtVdV5,nan,📸#PhotostoryThe Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize 2023👉https://t.co/e1ZKC3pBSzThe shortlisted artists… https://t.co/HwinNtVdV5,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Photostory', 'artists', 'HwinNtVdV5', 'The Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize', 'Photostory', 'artists', 'HwinNtVdV5']",2023-04-06,2023-04-12,Unknown
22308,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@paddi_hansen Deutsche Börse has been on a recruitment drive for crypto talent lately.  🤔Curious how this develop… https://t.co/zfIzMACbwy,nan,@paddi_hansen Deutsche Börse has been on a recruitment drive for crypto talent lately.  🤔Curious how this develop… https://t.co/zfIzMACbwy,positive,0.58,0.19,0.23,positive,0.58,0.19,0.23,True,English,"['paddi_hansen Deutsche Börse', 'recruitment drive', 'crypto talent', 'paddi_hansen Deutsche Börse', 'recruitment drive', 'crypto talent']",2023-04-06,2023-04-12,Unknown
22414,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Financial Services Roundup: Market Talk https://t.co/1xAhJCVwzn Deutsche Boerse  Toronto-Dominion Bank and more fea… https://t.co/Bz8Jz9qRQn,nan,Financial Services Roundup: Market Talk https://t.co/1xAhJCVwzn Deutsche Boerse  Toronto-Dominion Bank and more fea… https://t.co/Bz8Jz9qRQn,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Financial Services Roundup', 'Market Talk', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Toronto-Dominion Bank', 'Bz8Jz9qRQn', 'Financial Services Roundup', 'Market Talk', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Toronto-Dominion Bank', 'Bz8Jz9qRQn']",2023-04-07,2023-04-12,Unknown
22415,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Andy Vermaut shares:Financial Services Roundup: Market Talk: Deutsche Boerse  Toronto-Dominion Bank and more featur… https://t.co/8MLFc52MMu,nan,Andy Vermaut shares:Financial Services Roundup: Market Talk: Deutsche Boerse  Toronto-Dominion Bank and more featur… https://t.co/8MLFc52MMu,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['Andy Vermaut shares', 'Financial Services Roundup', 'Market Talk', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Toronto-Dominion Bank', 'Andy Vermaut shares', 'Financial Services Roundup', 'Market Talk', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Toronto-Dominion Bank']",2023-04-07,2023-04-12,Unknown
22560,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Want to learn more about the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition?⁠⁠Join us this Friday where w… https://t.co/zF0vJr38Yx,nan,Want to learn more about the Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition?⁠⁠Join us this Friday where w… https://t.co/zF0vJr38Yx,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition', 'Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,Unknown
22583,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-karolinska-110400937.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Karolinska Development AB (publ),The shareholders of Karolinska Development AB (publ)  reg. no. 556707-5048  (“Karolinska Development” or the “Company”) are invited to the Annual General...,Karolinska Development AB (publ)The shareholders of Karolinska Development AB (publ)  reg. no. 556707-5048  (“Karolinska Development” or the “Company”) are invited to the Annual General Meeting  on Tuesday May 16  2023  at 3:00 p.m. (CEST)  at Life City  Solnavägen 3  SE-113 63 Stockholm  Sweden.The Board of Directors has resolved that shareholders shall have the right to exercise their voting rights in advance through postal voting pursuant to item 13 in the articles of association. Therefore  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the AGM by attending in person  by postal voting or through a proxy.Participation in personA shareholder who would like to participate at the AGM in person must:both be entered in the register of the shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB by Monday May 8  2023 and give notice of his or her intention to participate to the Company no later than Wednesday May 10  2023  at the address Karolinska Development  “AGM”  Tomtebodavägen 23 A  SE-17165 Solna  Sweden  or through email eva.montgomerie@karolinskadevelopment.com. When giving notice to participate  please provide name  personal identity number or company registration number  telephone number and number of represented shares.Participation by postal votingShareholders who wish to participate in the AGM by postal voting must:both be registered in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Monday May 8  2023 and notify their intention to participate by submitting their postal vote in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Karolinska Development no later than Wednesday May 10  2023.Shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the AGM by voting in advance through postal voting pursuant to item 13 in the articles of association  referring to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act.For advance voting  a special form must be used. Forms in Swedish and English are available for download on the Company’s website  www.karolinskadevelopment.com.The advance voting form is valid as notification of participation at the AGM.Story continuesThe completed advance voting form must be received by the Company no later than Wednesday May 10  2023. The completed form shall be sent to Karolinska Development by e-mail to eva.montgomerie@karolinskadevelopment.com or by regular mail to Karolinska Development  “AGM”  Tomtebodavägen 23 A  SE-17165 Solna  Sweden. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the advance voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are provided in the form for advance voting.Those who wish to withdraw a submitted postal vote and instead exercise their voting rights by participating in the AGM in person or through a proxy must give notice thereof to the AGM’s secretariat prior to the opening of the AGM.Participation by proxyIf the shareholders are represented by proxy  a written proxy must be issued and submitted to the Company at the above address well in advance of the AGM. The proxy is valid during the period set forth in the proxy  however  at most five years from the issuance. If a proxy is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the legal entity's registration certificate or similar document evidencing signatory powers must be enclosed. Proxy forms in Swedish and English are available for download on the Company’s website  www.karolinskadevelopment.com.Nominee registered sharesFor shareholders who have their shares nominee-registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the meeting. In addition to giving notice of participation  such shareholder must re-register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date Monday May 8  2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration). Shareholders who wish to register their shares in their own names must  in accordance with the respective nominee’s routines  request that the nominee make such registration. Voting rights registration that have been requested by the shareholder at such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than Wednesday May 10  2023  will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.Proposal for agenda1. Election of chairman of the meeting2. Preparation and approval of the voting list3. Approval of the agenda4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes5. Determination of whether the meeting was duly convened6. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor’s report and the group annual report and the auditor’s group report7. Resolutions regardinga) adoption of the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet  and consolidated profit and loss statement and consolidated balance sheetb) appropriation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheetc) discharge from liability for the directors and the CEO8. Resolution regarding the number of directors and auditors and deputy auditors to be appointed9. Resolution in respect of the fees for the Board of Directors and for the auditors10. Election of chairman of the Board of Directors  directors and auditors and deputy auditors11. Principles for appointing members and instruction for the Nomination Committee12. Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors’ Remuneration Report 202213. The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own shares14. The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new issues of shares15. Closing of the meetingItems 1 and 8–11: The Nomination Committee’s proposal regarding chairman at the meeting; number of directors  auditors and deputy auditors to be appointed; fees for the Board of Directors and auditors; election of chairman of the Board of Directors  directors  auditors and deputy auditors and principles for appointing members and instruction for the Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee has consisted of Yan Cheng (chairman)  appointed by Worldwide International Investments Ltd; Jack Li  appointed by invoX Pharma Ltd; Jan Dworsky  appointed by Swedbank Robur Microcap fond; Hans Wigzell  appointed by Insamlingsstiftelsen för främjande och utveckling av medicinsk forskning vid KI; Mattias Klintemar  appointed by Östersjöstiftelsen.The Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves as follows:Lawyer Annika Andersson (Cirio Law Firm) is appointed to chair the Annual General Meeting  or in her absence  a person appointed by the Board of Directors.The number of directors will be five and no deputies will be appointed.The number of auditors will be one and no deputy auditor will be appointed.The chairman will be paid a fixed amount of SEK 400 000 to be paid out in proportion to board meetings attended. All other directors will be paid a fixed amount of SEK 200 000 to be paid out in proportion to board meetings attended. The fees to the directors remain unchanged compared to previous year.The auditors will be paid as per invoice.Re-election of the directors Björn Cochlovius  Theresa Tse  Anna Lefevre Skjöldebrand  Ben Toogood and Philip Duong. Re-election of Björn Cochlovius as Chairman of the Board of Directors. The composition of the Board of Directors meets the independence requirement of the Swedish Corporate Governance Code. The Nomination Committee proposes that voting shall take place individually.Re-election of Ernst & Young Aktiebolag as auditor in accordance with the audit committee’s recommendation  currently with Oskar Wall as auditor in charge  for the time until the end of the 2024 Annual General Meeting.The Nomination Committee shall have five members. Every year  the five largest owners (voting power  as set forth in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the last banking day in August) shall appoint one member each. The chairman of the Board of Directors shall convene the first meeting. If a shareholder does not exercise its right to appoint a member  the shareholder next in order of voting power  who has not already appointed a member or has a right to appoint a member  shall have the right to appoint a member to the Nominating Committee. The members of the Nomination Committee shall be made public as soon as the members have been appointed  and in no case later than six months prior to the Annual General Meeting. The members shall among themselves appoint the chairman of the committee. If a member resigns or is prevented from pursuing his/her assignment  the shareholder that has appointed such member shall appoint a new member. In the event that the shareholding in the Company is materially changed  before the Nomination Committee has completed its assignment  the Nomination Committee may decide to change the composition of the Nomination Committee  as determined by the Nomination Committee (considering the principles applicable for the appointment of the Nomination Committee). Any change in the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced as soon as possible. No fees shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee. Out of pocket expenses shall be reimbursed by the Company. The mandate of the committee shall be until the members of the succeeding committee have been announced.The Nomination Committee is to make proposals to the Annual General Meeting regarding the election of Chair of the Annual General Meeting  number of board members  Chair of the Board and other board members and remuneration to the board members. The Nomination Committee is also to make proposals regarding the Company’s auditor  remuneration to the Company’s auditor and election of members of the Nomination Committee or principles for the selection of a Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee shall conduct an annual evaluation of this instruction and when necessary propose to amend it to the Annual General Meeting. The Nomination Committee shall otherwise carry out the tasks that  according to the Swedish Corporate Governance Code  are the responsibility of the Nomination Committee.Item 7 b: Appropriation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors and the CEO proposes that the amount at disposal of the Annual General Meeting  in total SEK 1 238 799 865 shall be carried forward.Item 12: Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors’ Remuneration Report 2022The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM approve the Board of Directors’ remuneration report for 2022 in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 13: The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting  on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  to resolve on transfer of all shares of series B held by the Company at any given time. The Company holds 244 285 shares of series B at the time of the publication of this notice. Transfer may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm or otherwise. Transfer on Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made at a price per share within the registered price interval at any given time  being the interval between the highest bid and lowest ask price. Otherwise  transfer shall be made on market terms. Payment for shares shall be made in cash  in kind or by set-off.The purpose of the authorization for transferring own shares and the reasons for potential deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  is to give the Board of Directors the possibility to adjust the Company’s capital structure  to use repurchased shares as payment for  or financing of  acquisitions or investments in order to create increased value for the shareholders.A resolution in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal requires support from shareholders with not less than 2/3 of votes cast as well as shares represented at the meeting.Item 14: The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new issues of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting to resolve  on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  and for payment in cash  by set-off or in kind  to issue new shares of series B up to a number that  at the time of the first resolution under this authorization  corresponds to twenty (20) per cent of the total share capital; provided however that any such issue must not result in the Company’s share capital exceeding the Company’s maximum allowed share capital as set out in the articles of association.A resolution in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal requires support from shareholders with not less than 2/3 of votes cast as well as shares represented at the meeting.MiscellaneousThe annual report  auditor’s report  remuneration report and other documents that are to be made available in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act  are available at the Company on Tomtebodavägen 23 A  SE-17165 Solna  Sweden and at the Company’s website  www.karolinskadevelopment.com  no later than three weeks before the AGM  and will be sent to shareholders who so request and provide their postal address.The Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if requested by any shareholder and if the Board of Directors is of the opinion that it can be done without causing material harm to the Company  provide disclosures about conditions that may impact assessment of an item of business on the agenda  about conditions that may impact assessment of the Company’s or a subsidiary’s financial situation  and about the Company’s relationship with another group company.As per the date of this notice  there are 270 077 594 shares  representing a total of 293 074 943 votes outstanding in the Company  distributed among 2 555 261 shares of series A (with 25 552 610 votes) and 267 522 333 shares of series B (with 267 522 333 votes). As per the date of this notice  the Company holds 244 285 treasury shares of series B.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed in connection to the Annual General Meeting see the privacy policy available on Euroclear Sweden AB’s website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfSolna in April 2023Karolinska Development AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.36,0.29,0.36,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Karolinska Development AB', 'Notice', 'most five years', 'personal identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Karolinska Development AB', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Annual General Meeting', 'group annual report', 'voting rights registration', 'advance voting form', 'Nominee registered shares', 'company registration number', 'group report', 'postal voting', 'voting list', 'telephone number', 'special form', 'registration certificate', 'Tuesday May', 'Life City', 'Solnavägen', 'Monday May', 'Wednesday May', 'Tomtebodavägen', 'legal entity', 'similar document', 'signatory powers', 'record date', 'Such re-registration', 'two persons', 'loss statement', 'consolidated profit', 'postal vote', 'advance vote', 'other nominee', 'respective nominee', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'regular mail', 'share register', 'Proxy forms', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'CEST', 'SE', 'Stockholm', 'Board', 'Directors', 'item', 'articles', 'association', 'AGM', 'Participation', 'notice', 'intention', 'address', '165 Solna', 'email', 'montgomerie', 'karolinskadevelopment', 'name', 'accordance', 'Chapter', 'English', 'download', 'website', 'notification', 'Story', 'completed', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'opening', 'written', 'period', 'issuance', 'copy', 'bank', 'order', 'addition', 'routines', 'time', 'account', 'preparation', 'Proposal', 'agenda', 'Election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'auditor', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'appropriation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liabilit', '3:00']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22584,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-attend-annual-general-meeting-113500727.html,Notice to attend the annual general meeting in SciBase Holding AB (publ),"The shareholders in SciBase Holding AB (publ)  reg. no. 556773-4768 (the ""Company"")  are hereby given notice to attend the annual general meeting at 17:00...","STOCKHOLM  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in SciBase Holding AB (publ)  reg. no. 556773-4768 (the ""Company"")  are hereby given notice to attend the annual general meeting at 17:00 p.m. on Wednesday 17 May 2023 at Setterwalls Advokatbyrå's offices at address Sturegatan 10 in Stockholm. Registration for the meeting commences at 16:30 p.m. The board of directors has decided  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4a of the Swedish Companies Act and the Company's articles of association  to apply the possibility of postal voting in conjunction with the general meeting (see ""Postal voting"" below for more information).NoticeShareholders wishing to participate at the meeting must:(i) be entered in the shareholders' register  kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Central Securities Depository & Clearing Organisation)  on the record day which is Tuesday 9 May 2023 and(ii) notify the Company of their attendance and any assistant no later than Thursday 11 May 2023. Notification can be made in writing to Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB  Attn: Johan Tönnesen  P.O. Box 1050  SE-101 39 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to johan.tonnesen@setterwalls.se.Notification shall include full name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address  daytime telephone number and  if appropriate  information about representative  proxy  and assistants. The number of assistants may not be more than two. In order to facilitate entry to the meeting  notification should  where appropriate  be ac-companied by powers of attorney  registration certificates and other documents of authority.Nominee registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate and vote at the meeting  shareholders who have their shares registered in the name of a nominee must have their shares registered in their own name  so that the shareholder will be included in the transcription of the share register as of Tuesday 9 May 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration) and is requested to the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines at such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting rights registrations made by the nominee no later than Thursday 11 May 2023 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.Story continuesPostal votingThe board of directors has decided  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4a of the Swedish Companies Act and the Company's articles of association  to apply the possibility of postal voting in conjunction with the general meeting. A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form will be available on the Company's website  http://investors.scibase.se/en/annual-general-meeting-2023.The form may be submitted by post to Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB  Attn: Johan Tönnesen  Box 1050  101 39 Stockholm or via e-mail to johan.tonnesen@setterwalls.se. The completed voting form must be received by Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB no later than Tuesday 16 May 2023 provided the shareholder has given notice of attendance for the general meeting no later than Thursday 11 May 2023. However  a complete postal vote which reaches Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB no later than Thursday 11 May 2023 shall also be considered the shareholder's notice of attendance at the meeting (by postal voting).The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.Proxy votingA shareholder represented by proxy shall issue a power of attorney which shall be dated and signed by the shareholder. If the shareholder postal votes by proxy  the power of attorney shall be enclosed to the form. If issued by a legal entity  the power of attorney shall also be accompanied by registration certificate or  if not applicable  equivalent documents of authority. Power of attorney forms will be available on the Company's website http://investors.scibase.se/en/annual-general-meeting-2023.Processing of personal dataFor information regarding how your personal data is processed in connection with the annual general meeting  please refer to the privacy policy on Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting and election of chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Election of one person who shall approve the minutes of the meeting. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened. Submission of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as of the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the group. Resolution in respect of: Resolution regarding the number of members and  where applicable  deputies of the board of directors and number of auditors and  where applicable  deputy auditors. Determination of the fees payable to the members of the board of directors and the auditors. Election of members of the board of directors and auditor. Resolution on principles for the appointment of a nomination committee. Resolution regarding changes to the articles of association. Resolution on an authorisation for the board of directors to resolve upon issues of shares  warrants and convertibles. Closing of the meeting.The nomination committee's proposed resolutionsThe nomination committee is composed of the chairman of the board of directors of the Company (i.e. Tord Lendau)  Dharminder Chahal (appointed by VanHerk Group)  Peter Elmvik (appointed by Stockholms Elbolag) and Iraj Arastoupour. The nomination committee has presented the following proposed resolutions in relation to items 1 and 8-11 in the proposed agenda.Item 1 - Election of chairmanOlof Reinholdsson (lawyer at Setterwalls Advokatbyrå) is proposed as chairman of the meeting  or if he is unable to attend the meeting  any other person proposed by the board of directors.Items 8-10 - Election of and remuneration to the board of directors and auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the board of directors  until the end of the next annual general meeting  shall consist of five (5) ordinary members without deputy members. Furthermore  it is proposed that a registered accounting firm shall be elected as auditor.The nomination committee furthermore proposes that the fees payable to the board of directors for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting shall be SEK 200 000 for the chairman of the board and SEK 150 000 to each of the other ordinary board members (who are not employed by a larger shareholder in the Company). It is proposed that the Company's auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.The board of directors today consists of the following five (5) ordinary members without deputy members: Tord Lendau (chairman)  Diana Ferro  Thomas Taapken  Matt Leavitt och Jvalini Dwarkasing.The nomination committee proposes that all current board members are to be re-elected and proposes no election of new board members. Furthermore  Tord Lendau is proposed to be re-elected as chairman of the board of directors.The registered accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (PwC) is proposed to be re-elected as auditor. The accounting firm has informed that Magnus Lagerberg will remain as principally responsible auditor.Additional information regarding the board members is available on the Company's website.Item 11 - Resolution on principles for the appointment of a nomination committeeThe nomination committee proposes the following decision for appointment of a nomination committee for the annual general meeting 2024 (same principles as the previous year). The nomination committee for the annual general meeting 2024  which shall comprise of four members  shall be appointed by way of that the chairman of the board of directors will consult with the three largest shareholders of the Company at the end of the third quarter of 2023. These shareholders will be requested to each appoint one member who  together with the chairman of the board of directors  will form the nomination committee. The composition of the nomination committee shall be publicly announced no later than six months prior to the annual general meeting. The nomination committee  whose mandate period applies until the time a new nomination committee has constituted itself  shall appoint a chairman among its members. The nomination committee shall prior to the annual general meeting 2024 prepare and submit proposals regarding the election of the chairman of the annual general meeting  the number of board members and  where applicable  deputy members  the number of auditors and  where applicable  deputy auditors  the election of board members  chairman and  where applicable  deputy members  auditor and  where applicable  deputy auditors  remuneration for the board of directors and the auditor  as well as guidelines for the appointment of the nomination committee for the following annual general meeting. The nomination committee's proposals shall be presented in the notice to a general meeting where election of board members and auditor shall take place and on the Company's website. Should a member of the nomination committee resign from its assignment  a replacement shall be sought from the shareholder that appointed the departing member. Should a shareholder that has appointed a member of the nomination committee substantially decrease its ownership in the Company  the next shareholder in size order shall  if the nomination committee so resolves  be requested to appoint a member to the nomination committee.The board of directors' proposed resolutionsThe board of directors of the Company has presented the following proposed resolutions in relation to items 7(ii)  12 and 13 in the proposed agenda.Item 7 (ii) - Allocation of the Company's results according to the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that SEK 171 885 712 shall be carried forward in new account. Accordingly  no dividend is proposed.Item 12 - Resolution regarding changes to the articles of associationThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on changes to the articles of association so that the wording of section 4 in the articles of association is revised from ""The Company's share capital shall be no less than SEK 1 500 000 and no more than SEK 6 000 000"" to ""The Company's share capital shall be no less than SEK 5 990 000 and no more than SEK 23 960 000"" and that the wording of section 5 in the articles of association is revised from ""The number of shares shall be no less than 30 000 000 and no more than 120 000 000"" to ""The number of shares shall be no less than 119 800 000and no more than 479 200 000"". The chairman of the board of directors  the CEO or a person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorized to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 13 - Resolution regarding authorisation for the board of directors to resolve upon issues of shares  warrants and convertiblesThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors to  until the next annual general meeting  on one or more occasions  decide upon issuances of new shares  issuance of warrants and/or convertibles. New issues of shares and issues of warrants and/or convertibles may occur with or without preferential rights for shareholders of the Company and may be made either in cash and/or by way of set-off or contribution in kind or otherwise be conditional. Through issuances resolved upon with support from the authorisation - with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights - the number of shares issued  or number of shares created in connection with exercise of warrants or conversion of convertibles  shall correspond to not more than a 20 per cent dilution of the share capital and the number of shares and votes in the Company after such issue(s). The chairman of the board of directors  the CEO or a person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorized to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Majority requirementsResolution in accordance with the board of director's proposal in accordance with item 12 and 13 on the agenda requires that the general meeting's resolution is supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the shares represented at the general meeting as well as of the votes cast.Shareholders' right to request informationThe board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors believe that it can be done without material damage to the Company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  of the Company's  or a subsidiary's economic situation and of the Company's relations with other group companies on the general meeting.DocumentationThe financial accounts and auditor's report will be kept available at the Company's office and on the Company's website www.scibase.com no later than 26 April 2023. Copies of such documents will be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their postal address. The proposals of the board of directors and the nomination committee are set out in full in the notice.SciBase Holding AB (publ)The board of directorsFor more information  please contact:Simon Grant  CEO SciBaseTel: +46 72 887 43 99Email: simon.grant@scibase.comCertified Adviser:Vator SecuritiesTel: +46 8 580 065 99Email: ca@vatorsec.seThe information was submitted  through the agency of the contact person set out above  for publication at the time stated by Scibase's news distributor Cision upon publication of this press release.About SciBase and NevisenseSciBase is a global medical technology company headquartered in Stockholm  Sweden  that has developed a unique point of care platform for the non-invasive detection of skin cancer and other skin conditions. SciBase is a pioneer within augmented intelligence  combining artificial intelligence with Electrical Impedance Spectroscopy (EIS) to provide objective information that assists dermatologists and others in clinical decision-making. SciBase's products include Nevisense and Nevisense Go and to date the platform addresses the areas of melanoma detection  non-melanoma skin cancer detection and skin barrier assessment. Nevisense is the only FDA-approved device for the detection of melanoma and the only MDR-approved technology for skin cancer detection in Europe. SciBase's technology is based on more than 20 years of academic research at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm  Sweden. For more information please visit www.scibase.com. All press-releases and financial reports can be found here: http://investors.scibase.se/en/pressreleasesThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/12371/3748865/1975858.pdf SciBase Holding AB (pub) - Press release notice to attend AGM 2023 (ENG) finalCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/notice-to-attend-the-annual-general-meeting-in-scibase-holding-ab-publ-301794290.html",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.48,0.26,0.26,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'SciBase Holding AB', 'Notice', 'Swedish Central Securities Depository', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Johan Tönnesen', 'Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB', 'Voting rights registrations', 'P.O. Box', 'daytime telephone number', 'SciBase Holding AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identification number', 'corporate registration number', 'complete postal vote', 'annual general meeting', 'Nominee registered shares', 'johan.tonnesen', 'personal data', 'postal voting', 'registration certificates', 'Such registration', 'voting list', 'Clearing Organisation', 'record day', 'other documents', 'share register', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'legal entity', 'equivalent documents', 'privacy policy', 'one person', 'annual report', 'Wednesday 17 May', 'Thursday 11 May', 'voting form', 'Tuesday 9 May', 'Tuesday 16 May', 'special form', 'Proxy voting', 'full name', 'deputy auditors', ""shareholders' register"", 'attorney forms', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'publ', 'Company', 'notice', 'offices', 'address', 'Sturegatan', 'Stockholm', 'board', 'directors', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'articles', 'association', 'possibility', 'conjunction', 'information', 'attendance', 'assistant', 'Notification', 'writing', 'Attn', 'mail', 'representative', 'order', 'entry', 'powers', 'authority', 'transcription', 'accordance', 'routines', 'advance', 'account', 'preparation', 'Story', 'website', 'investors', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'votes', 'Processing', 'connection', 'ESw', 'engelska', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Submission', 'group', 'Resolution', 'respect', 'members', 'deputies', 'fees', '17:00', '16:30', '101']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22585,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-mendus-060000411.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Mendus AB (publ),The shareholders of Mendus AB (publ) (the “Company”)  reg. no 556629-1786  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) on Friday  12 May 2023...,Mendus ABThe shareholders of Mendus AB (publ) (the “Company”)  reg. no 556629-1786  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) on Friday  12 May 2023  at 09:30  at Tändstickspalatset  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  Stockholm. Registration for the meeting will commence at 09:00.NOTIFICATIONShareholders who wish to attend the meeting must:(i) both be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date of Thursday  4 May 2023; and(ii) not later than on Monday  8 May 2023 have notified their attendance and possible advisors to the Company; either in writing via letter to Mendus AB (publ)  “Annual General Meeting”  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  SE-111 53 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to info@mendus.com.The notification shall include full name  personal/corporate identity number  address  daytime telephone number and  when applicable  information about deputies  proxies and advisors. The number of advisors can be at most two. In order to facilitate registration for the meeting  the notification should  when applicable  be accompanied by powers of attorney  registration certificates and other documents of authority.Personal data obtained from the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  the notice and attendance at the meeting and data regarding deputies  proxies and advisors will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the meeting and  when applicable  the minutes from the meeting. The personal data is handled in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council). For complete information regarding how the personal data is handled  please refer to: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARESTo be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of their participation to the AGM  register the shares in their own name so that the shareholder is registered in the shareholders’ register on the record date of Thursday  4 May 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting registration). Shareholders wishing to register their shares in their own name must  in accordance with the procedures of the respective nominee  request the nominee to carry out such voting registration. Voting registration requested by shareholders in such time that the registration has been made by the nominee no later than Wednesday  8 May 2023 will be considered in the preparation of the share register.Story continuesPROXIESShareholders represented by a proxy shall issue a power of attorney which shall be dated and signed by the shareholder. If issued by a legal entity  the power of attorney shall be accompanied by a copy of the certificate of registration of the legal entity or  if such document does not exist  of a corresponding document of authority. A copy of the power of attorney and any certificate of registration shall be provided to the Company in due course before the meeting. The original version of the power of attorney shall also be presented at the meeting.The Company provides a power of attorney form to the shareholders  which is available at the Company’s head office or on the Company’s website www.mendus.com.PROPOSED AGENDA1. Opening of the meeting and election of chairman of the meeting.2. Preparation and approval of voting list.3. Presentation and approval of the agenda.4. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes.5. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened.6. Presentation of the annual report and the audit report and the consolidated financial statements and the consolidated audit report.7. Resolutiona) regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet.b) regarding allocation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheet.c) regarding discharge from liability against the Company for the members of the board of directors and the CEO.8. Presentation of and resolution regarding approval of the remuneration report.9. Approval of remuneration to the board of directors and the auditor.10. Election of board of directors and auditors and possible deputy auditors.11. Resolution regarding authorisation for the board of directors to decide on new issue and issue of warrants and/or convertibles.12. Closing of the meeting.RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED BY THE NOMINATION COMMITTEEThe nomination committee  consisting of Erik Esveld (appointed by Van Herk Investment BV) chairman of the nomination committee  Jannis Kitsakis (appointed by The Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund)  Gunnar Hörnsten (appointed by Loggen Invest AB) and Mats Andersson (appointed by Holger Blomstrand Byggnads AB) have proposed the following resolutions in relation to items 1 and 9–10 of the above proposed agenda.Item 1. Election of chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that the lawyer Mats Dahlberg from Advokatfirman Delphi is elected as chairman of the annual general meeting.Item 9. Approval of remuneration to the board of directors and auditorThe nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the board of directors shall amount to a total of SEK 2 370 000  to be distributed as follows: The chairman of the board of directors is entitled to remuneration of SEK 620 000 and other board members are entitled to remuneration of SEK 285 000 per member. Furthermore  it is proposed that a fee for committee work shall be paid in the amount of SEK 70 000 to the chairman of the audit committee  SEK 40 000 to each of the other board members in the audit committee  SEK 50 000 to the chairman of the scientific committee  SEK 25 000 to each of the other board members in the scientific committee  SEK 35 000 to the chairman of the remuneration committee and SEK 20 000 to each of the other board members of the remuneration committee.The nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the auditors shall be paid according to approved invoice.Item 10. Election of board of directors and auditors and possible deputy auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall be composed of six (6) ordinary board members without deputies.For the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  re-election is proposed of the current board members Christine Lind  Sven Andreasson  Dharminder Chahal  Andrea van Elsas  Hans Preusting and Helén Tuvesson. Christine Lind is proposed to be re-elected as chairman of the board of directors.For a presentation of the board members that are proposed for re-election  please refer to the Company’s annual report for 2022 and the Company’s website www.mendus.com.The nomination committee proposes that the registered audit firm Ernst & Young AB is re-elected as the Company’s auditor until the end of the next annual general meeting. Ernst & Young AB has informed that  in the event that Ernst & Young AB is elected as auditor  Charlotte Holmstrand will remain as auditor in charge. The nomination committee’s proposal is in accordance with the recommendation of the audit committee.RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORSItem 7 b). Resolution regarding allocation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that no dividend is distributed for the financial year 2022.Item 11. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to decide on new issue and issue of warrants and/or convertiblesThe board of directors proposes that the AGM resolves to authorize the board of directors to resolve  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  at one or more occasions and with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  to issue new shares  warrants and/or convertible debentures for cash payment and/or with provision of non-cash consideration or set-off or otherwise.In the event of a resolution to issue new shares  warrants and/or convertible debentures  without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights the maximum number of shares  or warrants or convertible debentures that entitle subscription of a number of shares  that may be issued shall correspond to the number of shares that is within the Company's maximum limit for the number of shares according to the articles of association in force from time to time. In the event of a resolution with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the number of shares  or warrants or convertible debentures that entitle subscription of a number of shares  that may be issued shall not exceed 20 per cent of the Company’s registered number of shares at the time of the board of director’s first resolution pursuant to the authorization. For subsequent resolutions pursuant to the authorization  the 20 per cent limit shall be based on (i) the number of shares issued pursuant to the authorization  and  with respect to warrants and convertible debentures issued pursuant to the authorization  (ii) the number of shares issued through subscription of issued warrants  and (iii) the number of shares issued through conversion of issued convertible debentures  provided that subscription/conversion of such warrants/convertible debentures have been completed.The authorization thus allows the board of directors to take into account  for example in relation to convertible debentures  the number of shares actually issued rather than the number of shares that could be issued based on the lowest conversion price of the convertible debenture  provided that conversion of previously issued convertible debentures under the authorization have been completed. The lowest conversion price for convertible debentures needs to be included in the resolution for registration purposes.Deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights shall be possible to  if needed  strengthen the Company’s financial position  broaden the ownership base and/or to increase the institutional ownership of the Company. New issue of shares and issue of warrants and/or convertible debentures shall  in the event of deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  be made at market conditions.The board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the board of directors shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments of the decision required in connection with the registration thereof.For the present resolution to be valid it is required that the proposal is approved by shareholders holding at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANYAt the time of the issuing of this notice the total number of shares and votes in the Company amounts to 201 311 406. Only one class of shares exists  and the Company has no holding of own shares.SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHT TO DEMAND INFORMATIONPursuant to Chapter 7 Section 32 and 57 of the Swedish Companies Act  the board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors deems that it can be done without significant harm to the Company  provide information at the general meeting regarding circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda or the financial situation of the Company. The disclosure obligation also covers the Company's relationship with another Group company  the consolidated accounts and such matters regarding subsidiaries as are referred to in the preceding sentence.DOCUMENTATIONThe annual report  the auditor’s report  the board of directors’ complete proposals for resolutions and other documentation will be made available at the Company’s office at the address Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15 in Stockholm not later than three weeks prior to the meeting and will be sent to the shareholders who so request and provide their postal address. The documentation will also be made available on the Company’s website  www.mendus.com. The nomination committee’s complete proposals for resolutions and motivated statement regarding its proposal of election of board members and information regarding the proposed board members are made available on the Company’s website.Please note that this is a translation for information purposes only. In the event of any discrepancies between the Swedish and English versions  the Swedish version shall prevail._____________________Stockholm  April 2023Mendus AB (publ)The board of directorsFOR MORE INFORMATION  PLEASE CONTACT:Erik MantingChief Executive OfficerE-mail: ir@mendus.comINVESTOR RELATIONSCorey DavisLifeSci Advisors  LLCTelephone: + 1 212-915-2577E-mail: cdavis@lifesciadvisors.comMEDIA RELATIONSMario BrkuljValency CommunicationsTelephone: +49 160 9352 9951E-mail: mbrkulj@valencycomms.euABOUT MENDUS AB (PUBL)Mendus is dedicated to changing the course of cancer treatment by addressing tumor recurrence and improving survival outcomes for cancer patients  while preserving quality of life. We are leveraging our unparalleled expertise in allogeneic dendritic cell biology to develop an advanced clinical pipeline of novel  off-the-shelf  cell-based immunotherapies which combine clinical efficacy with a benign safety profile. Based in Sweden and The Netherlands  Mendus is publicly traded on the Nasdaq Stockholm under the ticker IMMU.ST. http://www.mendus.com/Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.34,0.34,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Mendus AB', 'Notice', 'The Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund', 'Västra Trädgårdsgatan', 'Van Herk Investment BV', 'Holger Blomstrand Byggnads AB', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Gunnar Hörnsten', 'Loggen Invest AB', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'daytime telephone number', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated audit report', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'possible deputy auditors', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Annual General Meeting', 'NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARES', 'annual report', 'Mendus AB', 'Personal data', 'Tändstickspalatset', 'share register', 'record date', 'other documents', 'voting list', 'European Parliament', 'due course', 'original version', 'head office', 'two persons', 'NOMINATION COMMITTEE', 'Erik Esveld', 'Jannis Kitsakis', 'Mats Andersson', 'possible advisors', 'remuneration report', 'legal entity', 'respective nominee', 'complete information', 'corresponding document', 'new issue', 'following resolutions', 'registration certificates', 'Such registration', 'voting registration', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'full name', 'attorney form', 'shareholders’ register', 'Company', 'AGM', 'Friday', 'May', 'Stockholm', 'NOTIFICATION', 'Thursday', 'Monday', 'attendance', 'writing', 'letter', 'mail', 'address', 'deputies', 'proxies', 'order', 'powers', 'authority', 'notice', 'preparation', 'minutes', 'accordance', 'Council', 'ESw', 'engelska', 'addition', 'participation', 'procedures', 'Wednesday', 'Story', 'proxy', 'copy', 'website', 'Opening', 'election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'Presentation', 'Determination', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'members', 'board', 'directors', 'CEO', 'authorisation', 'warrants', 'convertibles', 'Closing', 'relation', 'items', '09']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22586,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/11/2644237/0/en/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-in-Karolinska-Development-AB-publ.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Karolinska Development AB (publ),The shareholders of Karolinska Development AB (publ)  reg. no. 556707-5048  (“Karolinska Development” or the “Company”) are invited to the Annual General Meeting  on Tuesday May 16  2023  at 3:00 p.m. (CEST)  at Life City  Solnavägen 3  SE-113 63 Stockholm  S…,English SwedishThe shareholders of Karolinska Development AB (publ)  reg. no. 556707-5048  (“Karolinska Development” or the “Company”) are invited to the Annual General Meeting  on Tuesday May 16  2023  at 3:00 p.m. (CEST)  at Life City  Solnavägen 3  SE-113 63 Stockholm  Sweden.The Board of Directors has resolved that shareholders shall have the right to exercise their voting rights in advance through postal voting pursuant to item 13 in the articles of association. Therefore  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the AGM by attending in person  by postal voting or through a proxy.Participation in personA shareholder who would like to participate at the AGM in person must:both be entered in the register of the shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB by Monday May 8  2023 and give notice of his or her intention to participate to the Company no later than Wednesday May 10  2023  at the address Karolinska Development  “AGM”  Tomtebodavägen 23 A  SE-17165 Solna  Sweden  or through email eva.montgomerie@karolinskadevelopment.com. When giving notice to participate  please provide name  personal identity number or company registration number  telephone number and number of represented shares.Participation by postal votingShareholders who wish to participate in the AGM by postal voting must:both be registered in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Monday May 8  2023 and notify their intention to participate by submitting their postal vote in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Karolinska Development no later than Wednesday May 10  2023.Shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the AGM by voting in advance through postal voting pursuant to item 13 in the articles of association  referring to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act.For advance voting  a special form must be used. Forms in Swedish and English are available for download on the Company’s website  www.karolinskadevelopment.com.The advance voting form is valid as notification of participation at the AGM.The completed advance voting form must be received by the Company no later than Wednesday May 10  2023. The completed form shall be sent to Karolinska Development by e-mail to eva.montgomerie@karolinskadevelopment.com or by regular mail to Karolinska Development  “AGM”  Tomtebodavägen 23 A  SE-17165 Solna  Sweden. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the advance voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are provided in the form for advance voting.Those who wish to withdraw a submitted postal vote and instead exercise their voting rights by participating in the AGM in person or through a proxy must give notice thereof to the AGM’s secretariat prior to the opening of the AGM.Participation by proxyIf the shareholders are represented by proxy  a written proxy must be issued and submitted to the Company at the above address well in advance of the AGM. The proxy is valid during the period set forth in the proxy  however  at most five years from the issuance. If a proxy is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the legal entity's registration certificate or similar document evidencing signatory powers must be enclosed. Proxy forms in Swedish and English are available for download on the Company’s website  www.karolinskadevelopment.com.Nominee registered sharesFor shareholders who have their shares nominee-registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the meeting. In addition to giving notice of participation  such shareholder must re-register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date Monday May 8  2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration). Shareholders who wish to register their shares in their own names must  in accordance with the respective nominee’s routines  request that the nominee make such registration. Voting rights registration that have been requested by the shareholder at such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than Wednesday May 10  2023  will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.Proposal for agenda1. Election of chairman of the meeting2. Preparation and approval of the voting list3. Approval of the agenda4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes5. Determination of whether the meeting was duly convened6. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor’s report and the group annual report and the auditor’s group report7. Resolutions regardinga) adoption of the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet  and consolidated profit and loss statement and consolidated balance sheetb) appropriation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheetc) discharge from liability for the directors and the CEO8. Resolution regarding the number of directors and auditors and deputy auditors to be appointed9. Resolution in respect of the fees for the Board of Directors and for the auditors10. Election of chairman of the Board of Directors  directors and auditors and deputy auditors11. Principles for appointing members and instruction for the Nomination Committee12. Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors’ Remuneration Report 202213. The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own shares14. The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new issues of shares15. Closing of the meetingItems 1 and 8–11: The Nomination Committee’s proposal regarding chairman at the meeting; number of directors  auditors and deputy auditors to be appointed; fees for the Board of Directors and auditors; election of chairman of the Board of Directors  directors  auditors and deputy auditors and principles for appointing members and instruction for the Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee has consisted of Yan Cheng (chairman)  appointed by Worldwide International Investments Ltd; Jack Li  appointed by invoX Pharma Ltd; Jan Dworsky  appointed by Swedbank Robur Microcap fond; Hans Wigzell  appointed by Insamlingsstiftelsen för främjande och utveckling av medicinsk forskning vid KI; Mattias Klintemar  appointed by Östersjöstiftelsen.The Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves as follows:Lawyer Annika Andersson (Cirio Law Firm) is appointed to chair the Annual General Meeting  or in her absence  a person appointed by the Board of Directors.The number of directors will be five and no deputies will be appointed.The number of auditors will be one and no deputy auditor will be appointed.The chairman will be paid a fixed amount of SEK 400 000 to be paid out in proportion to board meetings attended. All other directors will be paid a fixed amount of SEK 200 000 to be paid out in proportion to board meetings attended. The fees to the directors remain unchanged compared to previous year.The auditors will be paid as per invoice.Re-election of the directors Björn Cochlovius  Theresa Tse  Anna Lefevre Skjöldebrand  Ben Toogood and Philip Duong. Re-election of Björn Cochlovius as Chairman of the Board of Directors. The composition of the Board of Directors meets the independence requirement of the Swedish Corporate Governance Code. The Nomination Committee proposes that voting shall take place individually.Re-election of Ernst & Young Aktiebolag as auditor in accordance with the audit committee’s recommendation  currently with Oskar Wall as auditor in charge  for the time until the end of the 2024 Annual General Meeting.The Nomination Committee shall have five members. Every year  the five largest owners (voting power  as set forth in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the last banking day in August) shall appoint one member each. The chairman of the Board of Directors shall convene the first meeting. If a shareholder does not exercise its right to appoint a member  the shareholder next in order of voting power  who has not already appointed a member or has a right to appoint a member  shall have the right to appoint a member to the Nominating Committee. The members of the Nomination Committee shall be made public as soon as the members have been appointed  and in no case later than six months prior to the Annual General Meeting. The members shall among themselves appoint the chairman of the committee. If a member resigns or is prevented from pursuing his/her assignment  the shareholder that has appointed such member shall appoint a new member. In the event that the shareholding in the Company is materially changed  before the Nomination Committee has completed its assignment  the Nomination Committee may decide to change the composition of the Nomination Committee  as determined by the Nomination Committee (considering the principles applicable for the appointment of the Nomination Committee). Any change in the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced as soon as possible. No fees shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee. Out of pocket expenses shall be reimbursed by the Company. The mandate of the committee shall be until the members of the succeeding committee have been announced.The Nomination Committee is to make proposals to the Annual General Meeting regarding the election of Chair of the Annual General Meeting  number of board members  Chair of the Board and other board members and remuneration to the board members. The Nomination Committee is also to make proposals regarding the Company’s auditor  remuneration to the Company’s auditor and election of members of the Nomination Committee or principles for the selection of a Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee shall conduct an annual evaluation of this instruction and when necessary propose to amend it to the Annual General Meeting. The Nomination Committee shall otherwise carry out the tasks that  according to the Swedish Corporate Governance Code  are the responsibility of the Nomination Committee.Item 7 b: Appropriation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors and the CEO proposes that the amount at disposal of the Annual General Meeting  in total SEK 1 238 799 865 shall be carried forward.Item 12: Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors’ Remuneration Report 2022The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM approve the Board of Directors’ remuneration report for 2022 in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 13: The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting  on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  to resolve on transfer of all shares of series B held by the Company at any given time. The Company holds 244 285 shares of series B at the time of the publication of this notice. Transfer may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm or otherwise. Transfer on Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made at a price per share within the registered price interval at any given time  being the interval between the highest bid and lowest ask price. Otherwise  transfer shall be made on market terms. Payment for shares shall be made in cash  in kind or by set-off.The purpose of the authorization for transferring own shares and the reasons for potential deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  is to give the Board of Directors the possibility to adjust the Company’s capital structure  to use repurchased shares as payment for  or financing of  acquisitions or investments in order to create increased value for the shareholders.A resolution in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal requires support from shareholders with not less than 2/3 of votes cast as well as shares represented at the meeting.Item 14: The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new issues of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting to resolve  on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  and for payment in cash  by set-off or in kind  to issue new shares of series B up to a number that  at the time of the first resolution under this authorization  corresponds to twenty (20) per cent of the total share capital; provided however that any such issue must not result in the Company’s share capital exceeding the Company’s maximum allowed share capital as set out in the articles of association.A resolution in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal requires support from shareholders with not less than 2/3 of votes cast as well as shares represented at the meeting.MiscellaneousThe annual report  auditor’s report  remuneration report and other documents that are to be made available in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act  are available at the Company on Tomtebodavägen 23 A  SE-17165 Solna  Sweden and at the Company’s website  www.karolinskadevelopment.com  no later than three weeks before the AGM  and will be sent to shareholders who so request and provide their postal address.The Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if requested by any shareholder and if the Board of Directors is of the opinion that it can be done without causing material harm to the Company  provide disclosures about conditions that may impact assessment of an item of business on the agenda  about conditions that may impact assessment of the Company’s or a subsidiary’s financial situation  and about the Company’s relationship with another group company.As per the date of this notice  there are 270 077 594 shares  representing a total of 293 074 943 votes outstanding in the Company  distributed among 2 555 261 shares of series A (with 25 552 610 votes) and 267 522 333 shares of series B (with 267 522 333 votes). As per the date of this notice  the Company holds 244 285 treasury shares of series B.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed in connection to the Annual General Meeting see the privacy policy available on Euroclear Sweden AB’s website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfSolna in April 2023Karolinska Development AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.29,0.2,0.51,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Karolinska Development AB', 'Notice', 'most five years', 'personal identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Karolinska Development AB', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Annual General Meeting', 'group annual report', 'voting rights registration', 'advance voting form', 'Nominee registered shares', 'company registration number', 'group report', 'special form', 'completed form', 'postal voting', 'voting list', 'telephone number', 'registration certificate', 'Tuesday May', 'Life City', 'Solnavägen', 'Monday May', 'Wednesday May', 'Tomtebodavägen', 'legal entity', 'similar document', 'signatory powers', 'record date', 'Such re-registration', 'two persons', 'loss statement', 'consolidated profit', 'postal vote', 'advance vote', 'other nominee', 'respective nominee', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'regular mail', 'share register', 'English Swedish', 'Proxy forms', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'CEST', 'SE', 'Stockholm', 'Board', 'Directors', 'item', 'articles', 'association', 'AGM', 'Participation', 'notice', 'intention', 'address', '165 Solna', 'email', 'montgomerie', 'karolinskadevelopment', 'name', 'accordance', 'Chapter', 'download', 'website', 'notification', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'opening', 'written', 'period', 'issuance', 'copy', 'bank', 'order', 'addition', 'routines', 'time', 'account', 'preparation', 'Proposal', 'agenda', 'Election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'auditor', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'appropriation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'CEO', '3:00']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,globenewswire.com
22587,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/KAROLINSKA-DEVELOPMENT-AB-10053427/news/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-in-Karolinska-Development-AB-publ-43465973/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Karolinska Development AB (publ),(marketscreener.com)  The shareholders of Karolinska Development AB   reg. no. 556707-5048  are invited to the Annual General Meeting  on Tuesday May 16  2023  at 3:00 p.m.   at Life City  Solnavägen 3  SE-113 63 Stockholm  Sweden. The Board of Directors has…,The shareholders of Karolinska Development AB (publ)  reg. no. 556707-5048  (“Karolinska Development” or the “Company”) are invited to the Annual General Meeting  on Tuesday May 16  2023  at 3:00 p.m. (CEST)  at Life City  Solnavägen 3  SE-113 63 Stockholm  Sweden.The Board of Directors has resolved that shareholders shall have the right to exercise their voting rights in advance through postal voting pursuant to item 13 in the articles of association. Therefore  shareholders may choose to exercise their voting rights at the AGM by attending in person  by postal voting or through a proxy.Participation in personA shareholder who would like to participate at the AGM in person must:both be entered in the register of the shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB by Monday May 8  2023 and give notice of his or her intention to participate to the Company no later than Wednesday May 10  2023  at the address Karolinska Development  “AGM”  Tomtebodavägen 23 A  SE-17165 Solna  Sweden  or through email eva.montgomerie@karolinskadevelopment.com. When giving notice to participate  please provide name  personal identity number or company registration number  telephone number and number of represented shares.Participation by postal votingShareholders who wish to participate in the AGM by postal voting must:both be registered in the register of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB as per Monday May 8  2023 and notify their intention to participate by submitting their postal vote in accordance with the instructions below  so that the postal vote is received by Karolinska Development no later than Wednesday May 10  2023.Shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the AGM by voting in advance through postal voting pursuant to item 13 in the articles of association  referring to Chapter 7  Section 4 a of the Swedish Companies Act.For advance voting  a special form must be used. Forms in Swedish and English are available for download on the Company’s website  www.karolinskadevelopment.com.The advance voting form is valid as notification of participation at the AGM.The completed advance voting form must be received by the Company no later than Wednesday May 10  2023. The completed form shall be sent to Karolinska Development by e-mail to eva.montgomerie@karolinskadevelopment.com or by regular mail to Karolinska Development  “AGM”  Tomtebodavägen 23 A  SE-17165 Solna  Sweden. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the advance voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are provided in the form for advance voting.Those who wish to withdraw a submitted postal vote and instead exercise their voting rights by participating in the AGM in person or through a proxy must give notice thereof to the AGM’s secretariat prior to the opening of the AGM.Participation by proxyIf the shareholders are represented by proxy  a written proxy must be issued and submitted to the Company at the above address well in advance of the AGM. The proxy is valid during the period set forth in the proxy  however  at most five years from the issuance. If a proxy is issued by a legal entity  a copy of the legal entity's registration certificate or similar document evidencing signatory powers must be enclosed. Proxy forms in Swedish and English are available for download on the Company’s website  www.karolinskadevelopment.com.Nominee registered sharesFor shareholders who have their shares nominee-registered through a bank or other nominee  the following applies in order to be entitled to participate in the meeting. In addition to giving notice of participation  such shareholder must re-register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date Monday May 8  2023. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration). Shareholders who wish to register their shares in their own names must  in accordance with the respective nominee’s routines  request that the nominee make such registration. Voting rights registration that have been requested by the shareholder at such time that the registration has been completed by the nominee no later than Wednesday May 10  2023  will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.Proposal for agenda1. Election of chairman of the meeting2. Preparation and approval of the voting list3. Approval of the agenda4. Election of one or two persons to verify the minutes5. Determination of whether the meeting was duly convened6. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor’s report and the group annual report and the auditor’s group report7. Resolutions regardinga) adoption of the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet  and consolidated profit and loss statement and consolidated balance sheetb) appropriation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheetc) discharge from liability for the directors and the CEO8. Resolution regarding the number of directors and auditors and deputy auditors to be appointed9. Resolution in respect of the fees for the Board of Directors and for the auditors10. Election of chairman of the Board of Directors  directors and auditors and deputy auditors11. Principles for appointing members and instruction for the Nomination Committee12. Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors’ Remuneration Report 202213. The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own shares14. The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new issues of shares15. Closing of the meetingItems 1 and 8–11: The Nomination Committee’s proposal regarding chairman at the meeting; number of directors  auditors and deputy auditors to be appointed; fees for the Board of Directors and auditors; election of chairman of the Board of Directors  directors  auditors and deputy auditors and principles for appointing members and instruction for the Nomination CommitteeThe Nomination Committee has consisted of Yan Cheng (chairman)  appointed by Worldwide International Investments Ltd; Jack Li  appointed by invoX Pharma Ltd; Jan Dworsky  appointed by Swedbank Robur Microcap fond; Hans Wigzell  appointed by Insamlingsstiftelsen för främjande och utveckling av medicinsk forskning vid KI; Mattias Klintemar  appointed by Östersjöstiftelsen.The Nomination Committee proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves as follows:Lawyer Annika Andersson (Cirio Law Firm) is appointed to chair the Annual General Meeting  or in her absence  a person appointed by the Board of Directors.The number of directors will be five and no deputies will be appointed.The number of auditors will be one and no deputy auditor will be appointed.The chairman will be paid a fixed amount of SEK 400 000 to be paid out in proportion to board meetings attended. All other directors will be paid a fixed amount of SEK 200 000 to be paid out in proportion to board meetings attended. The fees to the directors remain unchanged compared to previous year.The auditors will be paid as per invoice.Re-election of the directors Björn Cochlovius  Theresa Tse  Anna Lefevre Skjöldebrand  Ben Toogood and Philip Duong. Re-election of Björn Cochlovius as Chairman of the Board of Directors. The composition of the Board of Directors meets the independence requirement of the Swedish Corporate Governance Code. The Nomination Committee proposes that voting shall take place individually.Re-election of Ernst & Young Aktiebolag as auditor in accordance with the audit committee’s recommendation  currently with Oskar Wall as auditor in charge  for the time until the end of the 2024 Annual General Meeting.The Nomination Committee shall have five members. Every year  the five largest owners (voting power  as set forth in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the last banking day in August) shall appoint one member each. The chairman of the Board of Directors shall convene the first meeting. If a shareholder does not exercise its right to appoint a member  the shareholder next in order of voting power  who has not already appointed a member or has a right to appoint a member  shall have the right to appoint a member to the Nominating Committee. The members of the Nomination Committee shall be made public as soon as the members have been appointed  and in no case later than six months prior to the Annual General Meeting. The members shall among themselves appoint the chairman of the committee. If a member resigns or is prevented from pursuing his/her assignment  the shareholder that has appointed such member shall appoint a new member. In the event that the shareholding in the Company is materially changed  before the Nomination Committee has completed its assignment  the Nomination Committee may decide to change the composition of the Nomination Committee  as determined by the Nomination Committee (considering the principles applicable for the appointment of the Nomination Committee). Any change in the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be announced as soon as possible. No fees shall be paid to the members of the Nomination Committee. Out of pocket expenses shall be reimbursed by the Company. The mandate of the committee shall be until the members of the succeeding committee have been announced.The Nomination Committee is to make proposals to the Annual General Meeting regarding the election of Chair of the Annual General Meeting  number of board members  Chair of the Board and other board members and remuneration to the board members. The Nomination Committee is also to make proposals regarding the Company’s auditor  remuneration to the Company’s auditor and election of members of the Nomination Committee or principles for the selection of a Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee shall conduct an annual evaluation of this instruction and when necessary propose to amend it to the Annual General Meeting. The Nomination Committee shall otherwise carry out the tasks that  according to the Swedish Corporate Governance Code  are the responsibility of the Nomination Committee.Item 7 b: Appropriation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheetThe Board of Directors and the CEO proposes that the amount at disposal of the Annual General Meeting  in total SEK 1 238 799 865 shall be carried forward.Item 12: Resolution on approval of the Board of Directors’ Remuneration Report 2022The Board of Directors proposes that the AGM approve the Board of Directors’ remuneration report for 2022 in accordance with Chapter 8  Section 53 a of the Swedish Companies Act.Item 13: The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on transfer of own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting  on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  to resolve on transfer of all shares of series B held by the Company at any given time. The Company holds 244 285 shares of series B at the time of the publication of this notice. Transfer may take place on Nasdaq Stockholm or otherwise. Transfer on Nasdaq Stockholm shall be made at a price per share within the registered price interval at any given time  being the interval between the highest bid and lowest ask price. Otherwise  transfer shall be made on market terms. Payment for shares shall be made in cash  in kind or by set-off.The purpose of the authorization for transferring own shares and the reasons for potential deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  is to give the Board of Directors the possibility to adjust the Company’s capital structure  to use repurchased shares as payment for  or financing of  acquisitions or investments in order to create increased value for the shareholders.A resolution in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal requires support from shareholders with not less than 2/3 of votes cast as well as shares represented at the meeting.Item 14: The Board of Directors’ proposal regarding authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve on new issues of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorize the Board of Directors  for the period until the next Annual General Meeting to resolve  on one or more occasions  with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  and for payment in cash  by set-off or in kind  to issue new shares of series B up to a number that  at the time of the first resolution under this authorization  corresponds to twenty (20) per cent of the total share capital; provided however that any such issue must not result in the Company’s share capital exceeding the Company’s maximum allowed share capital as set out in the articles of association.A resolution in accordance with the Board of Directors’ proposal requires support from shareholders with not less than 2/3 of votes cast as well as shares represented at the meeting.MiscellaneousThe annual report  auditor’s report  remuneration report and other documents that are to be made available in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act  are available at the Company on Tomtebodavägen 23 A  SE-17165 Solna  Sweden and at the Company’s website  www.karolinskadevelopment.com  no later than three weeks before the AGM  and will be sent to shareholders who so request and provide their postal address.The Board of Directors and the CEO shall  if requested by any shareholder and if the Board of Directors is of the opinion that it can be done without causing material harm to the Company  provide disclosures about conditions that may impact assessment of an item of business on the agenda  about conditions that may impact assessment of the Company’s or a subsidiary’s financial situation  and about the Company’s relationship with another group company.As per the date of this notice  there are 270 077 594 shares  representing a total of 293 074 943 votes outstanding in the Company  distributed among 2 555 261 shares of series A (with 25 552 610 votes) and 267 522 333 shares of series B (with 267 522 333 votes). As per the date of this notice  the Company holds 244 285 treasury shares of series B.Processing of personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed in connection to the Annual General Meeting see the privacy policy available on Euroclear Sweden AB’s website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdfSolna in April 2023Karolinska Development AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.32,0.18,0.5,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Karolinska Development AB', 'Notice', 'most five years', 'personal identity number', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Karolinska Development AB', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Annual General Meeting', 'group annual report', 'voting rights registration', 'advance voting form', 'Nominee registered shares', 'company registration number', 'group report', 'postal voting', 'voting list', 'telephone number', 'special form', 'registration certificate', 'Tuesday May', 'Life City', 'Solnavägen', 'Monday May', 'Wednesday May', 'Tomtebodavägen', 'legal entity', 'similar document', 'signatory powers', 'record date', 'Such re-registration', 'two persons', 'loss statement', 'consolidated profit', 'Resolution rega', 'postal vote', 'advance vote', 'other nominee', 'respective nominee', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'regular mail', 'share register', 'Proxy forms', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'CEST', 'SE', 'Stockholm', 'Board', 'Directors', 'item', 'articles', 'association', 'AGM', 'Participation', 'notice', 'intention', 'address', '165 Solna', 'email', 'montgomerie', 'karolinskadevelopment', 'name', 'accordance', 'Chapter', 'English', 'download', 'website', 'notification', 'completed', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'opening', 'written', 'period', 'issuance', 'copy', 'bank', 'order', 'addition', 'routines', 'time', 'account', 'preparation', 'Proposal', 'agenda', 'Election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'auditor', 'Resolutions', 'adoption', 'appropriation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'CEO', '3:00']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22588,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/11/2644041/0/en/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-in-Mendus-AB-publ.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Mendus AB (publ),The shareholders of Mendus AB (publ) (the “Company”)  reg. no 556629-1786  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) on Friday  12 May 2023  at 09:30  at Tändstickspalatset  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  Stockholm. Registration for the meeting will…,English SwedishThe shareholders of Mendus AB (publ) (the “Company”)  reg. no 556629-1786  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) on Friday  12 May 2023  at 09:30  at Tändstickspalatset  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  Stockholm. Registration for the meeting will commence at 09:00.NOTIFICATIONShareholders who wish to attend the meeting must:(i) both be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date of Thursday  4 May 2023; and(ii) not later than on Monday  8 May 2023 have notified their attendance and possible advisors to the Company; either in writing via letter to Mendus AB (publ)  “Annual General Meeting”  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  SE-111 53 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to info@mendus.com.The notification shall include full name  personal/corporate identity number  address  daytime telephone number and  when applicable  information about deputies  proxies and advisors. The number of advisors can be at most two. In order to facilitate registration for the meeting  the notification should  when applicable  be accompanied by powers of attorney  registration certificates and other documents of authority.Personal data obtained from the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  the notice and attendance at the meeting and data regarding deputies  proxies and advisors will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the meeting and  when applicable  the minutes from the meeting. The personal data is handled in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council). For complete information regarding how the personal data is handled  please refer to: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARESTo be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of their participation to the AGM  register the shares in their own name so that the shareholder is registered in the shareholders’ register on the record date of Thursday  4 May 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting registration). Shareholders wishing to register their shares in their own name must  in accordance with the procedures of the respective nominee  request the nominee to carry out such voting registration. Voting registration requested by shareholders in such time that the registration has been made by the nominee no later than Wednesday  8 May 2023 will be considered in the preparation of the share register.PROXIESShareholders represented by a proxy shall issue a power of attorney which shall be dated and signed by the shareholder. If issued by a legal entity  the power of attorney shall be accompanied by a copy of the certificate of registration of the legal entity or  if such document does not exist  of a corresponding document of authority. A copy of the power of attorney and any certificate of registration shall be provided to the Company in due course before the meeting. The original version of the power of attorney shall also be presented at the meeting.The Company provides a power of attorney form to the shareholders  which is available at the Company’s head office or on the Company’s website www.mendus.com.PROPOSED AGENDA1. Opening of the meeting and election of chairman of the meeting.2. Preparation and approval of voting list.3. Presentation and approval of the agenda.4. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes.5. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened.6. Presentation of the annual report and the audit report and the consolidated financial statements and the consolidated audit report.7. Resolutiona) regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet.b) regarding allocation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheet.c) regarding discharge from liability against the Company for the members of the board of directors and the CEO.8. Presentation of and resolution regarding approval of the remuneration report.9. Approval of remuneration to the board of directors and the auditor.10. Election of board of directors and auditors and possible deputy auditors.11. Resolution regarding authorisation for the board of directors to decide on new issue and issue of warrants and/or convertibles.12. Closing of the meeting.RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED BY THE NOMINATION COMMITTEEThe nomination committee  consisting of Erik Esveld (appointed by Van Herk Investment BV) chairman of the nomination committee  Jannis Kitsakis (appointed by The Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund)  Gunnar Hörnsten (appointed by Loggen Invest AB) and Mats Andersson (appointed by Holger Blomstrand Byggnads AB) have proposed the following resolutions in relation to items 1 and 9–10 of the above proposed agenda.Item 1. Election of chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that the lawyer Mats Dahlberg from Advokatfirman Delphi is elected as chairman of the annual general meeting.Item 9. Approval of remuneration to the board of directors and auditorThe nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the board of directors shall amount to a total of SEK 2 370 000  to be distributed as follows: The chairman of the board of directors is entitled to remuneration of SEK 620 000 and other board members are entitled to remuneration of SEK 285 000 per member. Furthermore  it is proposed that a fee for committee work shall be paid in the amount of SEK 70 000 to the chairman of the audit committee  SEK 40 000 to each of the other board members in the audit committee  SEK 50 000 to the chairman of the scientific committee  SEK 25 000 to each of the other board members in the scientific committee  SEK 35 000 to the chairman of the remuneration committee and SEK 20 000 to each of the other board members of the remuneration committee.The nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the auditors shall be paid according to approved invoice.Item 10. Election of board of directors and auditors and possible deputy auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall be composed of six (6) ordinary board members without deputies.For the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  re-election is proposed of the current board members Christine Lind  Sven Andreasson  Dharminder Chahal  Andrea van Elsas  Hans Preusting and Helén Tuvesson. Christine Lind is proposed to be re-elected as chairman of the board of directors.For a presentation of the board members that are proposed for re-election  please refer to the Company’s annual report for 2022 and the Company’s website www.mendus.com.The nomination committee proposes that the registered audit firm Ernst & Young AB is re-elected as the Company’s auditor until the end of the next annual general meeting. Ernst & Young AB has informed that  in the event that Ernst & Young AB is elected as auditor  Charlotte Holmstrand will remain as auditor in charge. The nomination committee’s proposal is in accordance with the recommendation of the audit committee.RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORSItem 7 b). Resolution regarding allocation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that no dividend is distributed for the financial year 2022.Item 11. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to decide on new issue and issue of warrants and/or convertiblesThe board of directors proposes that the AGM resolves to authorize the board of directors to resolve  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  at one or more occasions and with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  to issue new shares  warrants and/or convertible debentures for cash payment and/or with provision of non-cash consideration or set-off or otherwise.In the event of a resolution to issue new shares  warrants and/or convertible debentures  without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights the maximum number of shares  or warrants or convertible debentures that entitle subscription of a number of shares  that may be issued shall correspond to the number of shares that is within the Company's maximum limit for the number of shares according to the articles of association in force from time to time. In the event of a resolution with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the number of shares  or warrants or convertible debentures that entitle subscription of a number of shares  that may be issued shall not exceed 20 per cent of the Company’s registered number of shares at the time of the board of director’s first resolution pursuant to the authorization. For subsequent resolutions pursuant to the authorization  the 20 per cent limit shall be based on (i) the number of shares issued pursuant to the authorization  and  with respect to warrants and convertible debentures issued pursuant to the authorization  (ii) the number of shares issued through subscription of issued warrants  and (iii) the number of shares issued through conversion of issued convertible debentures  provided that subscription/conversion of such warrants/convertible debentures have been completed.The authorization thus allows the board of directors to take into account  for example in relation to convertible debentures  the number of shares actually issued rather than the number of shares that could be issued based on the lowest conversion price of the convertible debenture  provided that conversion of previously issued convertible debentures under the authorization have been completed. The lowest conversion price for convertible debentures needs to be included in the resolution for registration purposes.Deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights shall be possible to  if needed  strengthen the Company’s financial position  broaden the ownership base and/or to increase the institutional ownership of the Company. New issue of shares and issue of warrants and/or convertible debentures shall  in the event of deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  be made at market conditions.The board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the board of directors shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments of the decision required in connection with the registration thereof.For the present resolution to be valid it is required that the proposal is approved by shareholders holding at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANYAt the time of the issuing of this notice the total number of shares and votes in the Company amounts to 201 311 406. Only one class of shares exists  and the Company has no holding of own shares.SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHT TO DEMAND INFORMATIONPursuant to Chapter 7 Section 32 and 57 of the Swedish Companies Act  the board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors deems that it can be done without significant harm to the Company  provide information at the general meeting regarding circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda or the financial situation of the Company. The disclosure obligation also covers the Company's relationship with another Group company  the consolidated accounts and such matters regarding subsidiaries as are referred to in the preceding sentence.DOCUMENTATIONThe annual report  the auditor’s report  the board of directors’ complete proposals for resolutions and other documentation will be made available at the Company’s office at the address Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15 in Stockholm not later than three weeks prior to the meeting and will be sent to the shareholders who so request and provide their postal address. The documentation will also be made available on the Company’s website  www.mendus.com. The nomination committee’s complete proposals for resolutions and motivated statement regarding its proposal of election of board members and information regarding the proposed board members are made available on the Company’s website.Please note that this is a translation for information purposes only. In the event of any discrepancies between the Swedish and English versions  the Swedish version shall prevail._____________________Stockholm  April 2023Mendus AB (publ)The board of directorsFOR MORE INFORMATION  PLEASE CONTACT:Erik MantingChief Executive OfficerE-mail: ir@mendus.comINVESTOR RELATIONSCorey DavisLifeSci Advisors  LLCTelephone: + 1 212-915-2577E-mail: cdavis@lifesciadvisors.comMEDIA RELATIONSMario BrkuljValency CommunicationsTelephone: +49 160 9352 9951E-mail: mbrkulj@valencycomms.euABOUT MENDUS AB (PUBL)Mendus is dedicated to changing the course of cancer treatment by addressing tumor recurrence and improving survival outcomes for cancer patients  while preserving quality of life. We are leveraging our unparalleled expertise in allogeneic dendritic cell biology to develop an advanced clinical pipeline of novel  off-the-shelf  cell-based immunotherapies which combine clinical efficacy with a benign safety profile. Based in Sweden and The Netherlands  Mendus is publicly traded on the Nasdaq Stockholm under the ticker IMMU.ST. http://www.mendus.com/Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Mendus AB', 'Notice', 'The Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund', 'Västra Trädgårdsgatan', 'Van Herk Investment BV', 'Holger Blomstrand Byggnads AB', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Gunnar Hörnsten', 'Loggen Invest AB', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'daytime telephone number', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated audit report', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'possible deputy auditors', 'Annual General Meeting', 'NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARES', 'English Swedish', 'annual report', 'Mendus AB', 'Personal data', 'The Company', 'Tändstickspalatset', 'share register', 'record date', 'other documents', 'voting list', 'European Parliament', 'due course', 'original version', 'head office', 'two persons', 'Erik Esveld', 'Jannis Kitsakis', 'Mats Andersson', 'possible advisors', 'remuneration report', 'NOMINATION COMMITTEE', 'legal entity', 'respective nominee', 'complete information', 'corresponding document', 'new issue', 'following resolutions', 'registration certificates', 'Such registration', 'voting registration', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'full name', 'attorney form', 'shareholders’ register', 'AGM', 'Friday', 'May', 'Stockholm', 'NOTIFICATION', 'Thursday', 'Monday', 'attendance', 'writing', 'letter', 'mail', 'address', 'deputies', 'proxies', 'order', 'powers', 'authority', 'notice', 'preparation', 'minutes', 'accordance', 'Council', 'ESw', 'engelska', 'addition', 'participation', 'procedures', 'Wednesday', 'proxy', 'copy', 'website', 'Opening', 'election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'Presentation', 'Determination', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'members', 'board', 'directors', 'CEO', 'authorisation', 'warrants', 'convertibles', 'Closing', 'relation', 'items', '09']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,globenewswire.com
22589,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MENDUS-AB-PUBL-17946401/news/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-in-Mendus-AB-publ-43462527/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Notice of Annual General Meeting in Mendus AB (publ),(marketscreener.com)  The shareholders of Mendus AB   reg. no 556629-1786  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting on Friday  12 May 2023  at 09:30  at Tändstickspalatset  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  Stockholm. Registration for the meeting will commen…,The shareholders of Mendus AB (publ) (the “Company”)  reg. no 556629-1786  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) on Friday  12 May 2023  at 09:30  at Tändstickspalatset  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  Stockholm. Registration for the meeting will commence at 09:00.NOTIFICATIONShareholders who wish to attend the meeting must:(i) both be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB on the record date of Thursday  4 May 2023; and(ii) not later than on Monday  8 May 2023 have notified their attendance and possible advisors to the Company; either in writing via letter to Mendus AB (publ)  “Annual General Meeting”  Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15  SE-111 53 Stockholm  Sweden  or by e-mail to info@mendus.com.The notification shall include full name  personal/corporate identity number  address  daytime telephone number and  when applicable  information about deputies  proxies and advisors. The number of advisors can be at most two. In order to facilitate registration for the meeting  the notification should  when applicable  be accompanied by powers of attorney  registration certificates and other documents of authority.Personal data obtained from the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB  the notice and attendance at the meeting and data regarding deputies  proxies and advisors will be used for registration  preparation of the voting list for the meeting and  when applicable  the minutes from the meeting. The personal data is handled in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council). For complete information regarding how the personal data is handled  please refer to: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARESTo be entitled to participate in the meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of their participation to the AGM  register the shares in their own name so that the shareholder is registered in the shareholders’ register on the record date of Thursday  4 May 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting registration). Shareholders wishing to register their shares in their own name must  in accordance with the procedures of the respective nominee  request the nominee to carry out such voting registration. Voting registration requested by shareholders in such time that the registration has been made by the nominee no later than Wednesday  8 May 2023 will be considered in the preparation of the share register.PROXIESShareholders represented by a proxy shall issue a power of attorney which shall be dated and signed by the shareholder. If issued by a legal entity  the power of attorney shall be accompanied by a copy of the certificate of registration of the legal entity or  if such document does not exist  of a corresponding document of authority. A copy of the power of attorney and any certificate of registration shall be provided to the Company in due course before the meeting. The original version of the power of attorney shall also be presented at the meeting.The Company provides a power of attorney form to the shareholders  which is available at the Company’s head office or on the Company’s website www.mendus.com.PROPOSED AGENDA1. Opening of the meeting and election of chairman of the meeting.2. Preparation and approval of voting list.3. Presentation and approval of the agenda.4. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes.5. Determination as to whether the meeting has been duly convened.6. Presentation of the annual report and the audit report and the consolidated financial statements and the consolidated audit report.7. Resolutiona) regarding adoption of the income statement and the balance sheet as well as the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet.b) regarding allocation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheet.c) regarding discharge from liability against the Company for the members of the board of directors and the CEO.8. Presentation of and resolution regarding approval of the remuneration report.9. Approval of remuneration to the board of directors and the auditor.10. Election of board of directors and auditors and possible deputy auditors.11. Resolution regarding authorisation for the board of directors to decide on new issue and issue of warrants and/or convertibles.12. Closing of the meeting.RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED BY THE NOMINATION COMMITTEEThe nomination committee  consisting of Erik Esveld (appointed by Van Herk Investment BV) chairman of the nomination committee  Jannis Kitsakis (appointed by The Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund)  Gunnar Hörnsten (appointed by Loggen Invest AB) and Mats Andersson (appointed by Holger Blomstrand Byggnads AB) have proposed the following resolutions in relation to items 1 and 9–10 of the above proposed agenda.Item 1. Election of chairman of the meetingThe nomination committee proposes that the lawyer Mats Dahlberg from Advokatfirman Delphi is elected as chairman of the annual general meeting.Item 9. Approval of remuneration to the board of directors and auditorThe nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the board of directors shall amount to a total of SEK 2 370 000  to be distributed as follows: The chairman of the board of directors is entitled to remuneration of SEK 620 000 and other board members are entitled to remuneration of SEK 285 000 per member. Furthermore  it is proposed that a fee for committee work shall be paid in the amount of SEK 70 000 to the chairman of the audit committee  SEK 40 000 to each of the other board members in the audit committee  SEK 50 000 to the chairman of the scientific committee  SEK 25 000 to each of the other board members in the scientific committee  SEK 35 000 to the chairman of the remuneration committee and SEK 20 000 to each of the other board members of the remuneration committee.The nomination committee proposes that remuneration to the auditors shall be paid according to approved invoice.Item 10. Election of board of directors and auditors and possible deputy auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall be composed of six (6) ordinary board members without deputies.For the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  re-election is proposed of the current board members Christine Lind  Sven Andreasson  Dharminder Chahal  Andrea van Elsas  Hans Preusting and Helén Tuvesson. Christine Lind is proposed to be re-elected as chairman of the board of directors.For a presentation of the board members that are proposed for re-election  please refer to the Company’s annual report for 2022 and the Company’s website www.mendus.com.The nomination committee proposes that the registered audit firm Ernst & Young AB is re-elected as the Company’s auditor until the end of the next annual general meeting. Ernst & Young AB has informed that  in the event that Ernst & Young AB is elected as auditor  Charlotte Holmstrand will remain as auditor in charge. The nomination committee’s proposal is in accordance with the recommendation of the audit committee.RESOLUTIONS PROPOSED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORSItem 7 b). Resolution regarding allocation of the Company’s result according to the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that no dividend is distributed for the financial year 2022.Item 11. Resolution regarding authorization for the board of directors to decide on new issue and issue of warrants and/or convertiblesThe board of directors proposes that the AGM resolves to authorize the board of directors to resolve  for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting  at one or more occasions and with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  to issue new shares  warrants and/or convertible debentures for cash payment and/or with provision of non-cash consideration or set-off or otherwise.In the event of a resolution to issue new shares  warrants and/or convertible debentures  without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights the maximum number of shares  or warrants or convertible debentures that entitle subscription of a number of shares  that may be issued shall correspond to the number of shares that is within the Company's maximum limit for the number of shares according to the articles of association in force from time to time. In the event of a resolution with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the number of shares  or warrants or convertible debentures that entitle subscription of a number of shares  that may be issued shall not exceed 20 per cent of the Company’s registered number of shares at the time of the board of director’s first resolution pursuant to the authorization. For subsequent resolutions pursuant to the authorization  the 20 per cent limit shall be based on (i) the number of shares issued pursuant to the authorization  and  with respect to warrants and convertible debentures issued pursuant to the authorization  (ii) the number of shares issued through subscription of issued warrants  and (iii) the number of shares issued through conversion of issued convertible debentures  provided that subscription/conversion of such warrants/convertible debentures have been completed.The authorization thus allows the board of directors to take into account  for example in relation to convertible debentures  the number of shares actually issued rather than the number of shares that could be issued based on the lowest conversion price of the convertible debenture  provided that conversion of previously issued convertible debentures under the authorization have been completed. The lowest conversion price for convertible debentures needs to be included in the resolution for registration purposes.Deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights shall be possible to  if needed  strengthen the Company’s financial position  broaden the ownership base and/or to increase the institutional ownership of the Company. New issue of shares and issue of warrants and/or convertible debentures shall  in the event of deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  be made at market conditions.The board of directors  the CEO or the person appointed by the board of directors shall be entitled to make the minor adjustments of the decision required in connection with the registration thereof.For the present resolution to be valid it is required that the proposal is approved by shareholders holding at least two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the general meeting.NUMBER OF SHARES AND VOTES IN THE COMPANYAt the time of the issuing of this notice the total number of shares and votes in the Company amounts to 201 311 406. Only one class of shares exists  and the Company has no holding of own shares.SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHT TO DEMAND INFORMATIONPursuant to Chapter 7 Section 32 and 57 of the Swedish Companies Act  the board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors deems that it can be done without significant harm to the Company  provide information at the general meeting regarding circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda or the financial situation of the Company. The disclosure obligation also covers the Company's relationship with another Group company  the consolidated accounts and such matters regarding subsidiaries as are referred to in the preceding sentence.DOCUMENTATIONThe annual report  the auditor’s report  the board of directors’ complete proposals for resolutions and other documentation will be made available at the Company’s office at the address Västra Trädgårdsgatan 15 in Stockholm not later than three weeks prior to the meeting and will be sent to the shareholders who so request and provide their postal address. The documentation will also be made available on the Company’s website  www.mendus.com. The nomination committee’s complete proposals for resolutions and motivated statement regarding its proposal of election of board members and information regarding the proposed board members are made available on the Company’s website.Please note that this is a translation for information purposes only. In the event of any discrepancies between the Swedish and English versions  the Swedish version shall prevail._____________________Stockholm  April 2023Mendus AB (publ)The board of directorsFOR MORE INFORMATION  PLEASE CONTACT:Erik MantingChief Executive OfficerE-mail: ir@mendus.comINVESTOR RELATIONSCorey DavisLifeSci Advisors  LLCTelephone: + 1 212-915-2577E-mail: cdavis@lifesciadvisors.comMEDIA RELATIONSMario BrkuljValency CommunicationsTelephone: +49 160 9352 9951E-mail: mbrkulj@valencycomms.euABOUT MENDUS AB (PUBL)Mendus is dedicated to changing the course of cancer treatment by addressing tumor recurrence and improving survival outcomes for cancer patients  while preserving quality of life. We are leveraging our unparalleled expertise in allogeneic dendritic cell biology to develop an advanced clinical pipeline of novel  off-the-shelf  cell-based immunotherapies which combine clinical efficacy with a benign safety profile. Based in Sweden and The Netherlands  Mendus is publicly traded on the Nasdaq Stockholm under the ticker IMMU.ST. http://www.mendus.com/Attachment,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Mendus AB', 'Notice', 'The Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund', 'Västra Trädgårdsgatan', 'Van Herk Investment BV', 'Holger Blomstrand Byggnads AB', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Gunnar Hörnsten', 'Loggen Invest AB', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'daytime telephone number', 'consolidated income statement', 'consolidated audit report', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'possible deputy auditors', 'Annual General Meeting', 'NOMINEE REGISTERED SHARES', 'annual report', 'Mendus AB', 'Personal data', 'The Company', 'Tändstickspalatset', 'share register', 'record date', 'other documents', 'voting list', 'European Parliament', 'legal entity', 'due course', 'original version', 'head office', 'two persons', 'NOMINATION COMMITTEE', 'Erik Esveld', 'Jannis Kitsakis', 'Mats Andersson', 'possible advisors', 'remuneration report', 'respective nominee', 'complete information', 'corresponding document', 'new issue', 'following resolutions', 'registration certificates', 'Such registration', 'voting registration', 'PROPOSED AGENDA', 'full name', 'attorney form', 'shareholders’ register', 'AGM', 'Friday', 'May', 'Stockholm', 'NOTIFICATION', 'Thursday', 'Monday', 'attendance', 'writing', 'letter', 'mail', 'address', 'deputies', 'proxies', 'order', 'powers', 'authority', 'notice', 'preparation', 'minutes', 'accordance', 'Council', 'ESw', 'engelska', 'addition', 'participation', 'procedures', 'Wednesday', 'proxy', 'copy', 'website', 'Opening', 'election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'Presentation', 'Determination', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'result', 'discharge', 'liability', 'members', 'board', 'directors', 'CEO', 'authorisation', 'warrants', 'convertibles', 'Closing', 'relation', 'items', '09']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22590,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-to-attend-the-annual-general-meeting-in-scibase-holding-ab-publ-301794290.html,Notice to attend the annual general meeting in SciBase Holding AB (publ),"STOCKHOLM  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in SciBase Holding AB (publ)  reg. no. 556773-4768 (the ""Company"")  are hereby given notice to attend the annual general meeting at 17:00 p.m. on Wednesday 17 May 2023 at Setterwalls Advokatbyrå's off…","STOCKHOLM  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders in SciBase Holding AB (publ)  reg. no. 556773-4768 (the ""Company"")  are hereby given notice to attend the annual general meeting at 17:00 p.m. on Wednesday 17 May 2023 at Setterwalls Advokatbyrå's offices at address Sturegatan 10 in Stockholm. Registration for the meeting commences at 16:30 p.m. The board of directors has decided  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4a of the Swedish Companies Act and the Company's articles of association  to apply the possibility of postal voting in conjunction with the general meeting (see ""Postal voting"" below for more information).NoticeShareholders wishing to participate at the meeting must:(i) be entered in the shareholders' register  kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Central Securities Depository & Clearing Organisation)  on the record day which is Tuesday 9 May 2023 and(ii) notify the Company of their attendance and any assistant no later than Thursday 11 May 2023. Notification can be made in writing to Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB  Attn: Johan Tönnesen  P.O. Box 1050  SE-101 39 Stockholm  Sweden or by e-mail to [email protected].Notification shall include full name  personal identification number or corporate registration number  address  daytime telephone number and  if appropriate  information about representative  proxy  and assistants. The number of assistants may not be more than two. In order to facilitate entry to the meeting  notification should  where appropriate  be ac-companied by powers of attorney  registration certificates and other documents of authority.Nominee registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate and vote at the meeting  shareholders who have their shares registered in the name of a nominee must have their shares registered in their own name  so that the shareholder will be included in the transcription of the share register as of Tuesday 9 May 2023. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration) and is requested to the nominee in accordance with the nominee's routines at such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting rights registrations made by the nominee no later than Thursday 11 May 2023 will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register.Postal votingThe board of directors has decided  pursuant to Chapter 7  Section 4a of the Swedish Companies Act and the Company's articles of association  to apply the possibility of postal voting in conjunction with the general meeting. A special form shall be used for postal voting. The form will be available on the Company's website  http://investors.scibase.se/en/annual-general-meeting-2023.The form may be submitted by post to Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB  Attn: Johan Tönnesen  Box 1050  101 39 Stockholm or via e-mail to [email protected]. The completed voting form must be received by Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB no later than Tuesday 16 May 2023 provided the shareholder has given notice of attendance for the general meeting no later than Thursday 11 May 2023. However  a complete postal vote which reaches Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB no later than Thursday 11 May 2023 shall also be considered the shareholder's notice of attendance at the meeting (by postal voting).The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the postal vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for postal voting.Proxy votingA shareholder represented by proxy shall issue a power of attorney which shall be dated and signed by the shareholder. If the shareholder postal votes by proxy  the power of attorney shall be enclosed to the form. If issued by a legal entity  the power of attorney shall also be accompanied by registration certificate or  if not applicable  equivalent documents of authority. Power of attorney forms will be available on the Company's website http://investors.scibase.se/en/annual-general-meeting-2023.Processing of personal dataFor information regarding how your personal data is processed in connection with the annual general meeting  please refer to the privacy policy on Euroclear Sweden AB's website  https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting and election of chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Approval of the agenda. Election of one person who shall approve the minutes of the meeting. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened. Submission of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as of the consolidated financial statements and the auditor's report on the group. Resolution in respect of: adoption of the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet as well as of the consolidated profit and loss statement and the consolidated balance sheet; allocation of the Company's results according to the adopted balance sheet; and the members of the board of directors' and the CEO's discharge from liability. Resolution regarding the number of members and  where applicable  deputies of the board of directors and number of auditors and  where applicable  deputy auditors. Determination of the fees payable to the members of the board of directors and the auditors. Election of members of the board of directors and auditor. Resolution on principles for the appointment of a nomination committee. Resolution regarding changes to the articles of association. Resolution on an authorisation for the board of directors to resolve upon issues of shares  warrants and convertibles. Closing of the meeting.The nomination committee's proposed resolutionsThe nomination committee is composed of the chairman of the board of directors of the Company (i.e. Tord Lendau)  Dharminder Chahal (appointed by VanHerk Group)  Peter Elmvik (appointed by Stockholms Elbolag) and Iraj Arastoupour. The nomination committee has presented the following proposed resolutions in relation to items 1 and 8-11 in the proposed agenda.Item 1 - Election of chairmanOlof Reinholdsson (lawyer at Setterwalls Advokatbyrå) is proposed as chairman of the meeting  or if he is unable to attend the meeting  any other person proposed by the board of directors.Items 8-10 - Election of and remuneration to the board of directors and auditorsThe nomination committee proposes that the board of directors  until the end of the next annual general meeting  shall consist of five (5) ordinary members without deputy members. Furthermore  it is proposed that a registered accounting firm shall be elected as auditor.The nomination committee furthermore proposes that the fees payable to the board of directors for the period until the end of the next annual general meeting shall be SEK 200 000 for the chairman of the board and SEK 150 000 to each of the other ordinary board members (who are not employed by a larger shareholder in the Company). It is proposed that the Company's auditor shall be paid in accordance with approved invoices.The board of directors today consists of the following five (5) ordinary members without deputy members: Tord Lendau (chairman)  Diana Ferro  Thomas Taapken  Matt Leavitt och Jvalini Dwarkasing.The nomination committee proposes that all current board members are to be re-elected and proposes no election of new board members. Furthermore  Tord Lendau is proposed to be re-elected as chairman of the board of directors.The registered accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (PwC) is proposed to be re-elected as auditor. The accounting firm has informed that Magnus Lagerberg will remain as principally responsible auditor.Additional information regarding the board members is available on the Company's website.Item 11 - Resolution on principles for the appointment of a nomination committeeThe nomination committee proposes the following decision for appointment of a nomination committee for the annual general meeting 2024 (same principles as the previous year). The nomination committee for the annual general meeting 2024  which shall comprise of four members  shall be appointed by way of that the chairman of the board of directors will consult with the three largest shareholders of the Company at the end of the third quarter of 2023. These shareholders will be requested to each appoint one member who  together with the chairman of the board of directors  will form the nomination committee. The composition of the nomination committee shall be publicly announced no later than six months prior to the annual general meeting. The nomination committee  whose mandate period applies until the time a new nomination committee has constituted itself  shall appoint a chairman among its members. The nomination committee shall prior to the annual general meeting 2024 prepare and submit proposals regarding the election of the chairman of the annual general meeting  the number of board members and  where applicable  deputy members  the number of auditors and  where applicable  deputy auditors  the election of board members  chairman and  where applicable  deputy members  auditor and  where applicable  deputy auditors  remuneration for the board of directors and the auditor  as well as guidelines for the appointment of the nomination committee for the following annual general meeting. The nomination committee's proposals shall be presented in the notice to a general meeting where election of board members and auditor shall take place and on the Company's website. Should a member of the nomination committee resign from its assignment  a replacement shall be sought from the shareholder that appointed the departing member. Should a shareholder that has appointed a member of the nomination committee substantially decrease its ownership in the Company  the next shareholder in size order shall  if the nomination committee so resolves  be requested to appoint a member to the nomination committee.The board of directors' proposed resolutionsThe board of directors of the Company has presented the following proposed resolutions in relation to items 7(ii)  12 and 13 in the proposed agenda.Item 7 (ii) - Allocation of the Company's results according to the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that SEK 171 885 712 shall be carried forward in new account. Accordingly  no dividend is proposed.Item 12 - Resolution regarding changes to the articles of associationThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves on changes to the articles of association so that the wording of section 4 in the articles of association is revised from ""The Company's share capital shall be no less than SEK 1 500 000 and no more than SEK 6 000 000"" to ""The Company's share capital shall be no less than SEK 5 990 000 and no more than SEK 23 960 000"" and that the wording of section 5 in the articles of association is revised from ""The number of shares shall be no less than 30 000 000 and no more than 120 000 000"" to ""The number of shares shall be no less than 119 800 000and no more than 479 200 000"". The chairman of the board of directors  the CEO or a person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorized to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Item 13 - Resolution regarding authorisation for the board of directors to resolve upon issues of shares  warrants and convertiblesThe board of directors proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize the board of directors to  until the next annual general meeting  on one or more occasions  decide upon issuances of new shares  issuance of warrants and/or convertibles. New issues of shares and issues of warrants and/or convertibles may occur with or without preferential rights for shareholders of the Company and may be made either in cash and/or by way of set-off or contribution in kind or otherwise be conditional. Through issuances resolved upon with support from the authorisation - with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights - the number of shares issued  or number of shares created in connection with exercise of warrants or conversion of convertibles  shall correspond to not more than a 20 per cent dilution of the share capital and the number of shares and votes in the Company after such issue(s). The chairman of the board of directors  the CEO or a person appointed by the board of directors shall be authorized to make any minor adjustments required to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Majority requirementsResolution in accordance with the board of director's proposal in accordance with item 12 and 13 on the agenda requires that the general meeting's resolution is supported by shareholders representing at least two thirds of the shares represented at the general meeting as well as of the votes cast.Shareholders' right to request informationThe board of directors and the CEO shall  if any shareholder so requests and the board of directors believe that it can be done without material damage to the Company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  of the Company's  or a subsidiary's economic situation and of the Company's relations with other group companies on the general meeting.DocumentationThe financial accounts and auditor's report will be kept available at the Company's office and on the Company's website www.scibase.com no later than 26 April 2023. Copies of such documents will be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their postal address. The proposals of the board of directors and the nomination committee are set out in full in the notice.SciBase Holding AB (publ)The board of directorsFor more information  please contact:Simon Grant  CEO SciBaseTel: +46 72 887 43 99Email: [email protected]Certified Adviser:Vator SecuritiesTel: +46 8 580 065 99Email: [email protected]The information was submitted  through the agency of the contact person set out above  for publication at the time stated by Scibase's news distributor Cision upon publication of this press release.About SciBase and NevisenseSciBase is a global medical technology company headquartered in Stockholm  Sweden  that has developed a unique point of care platform for the non-invasive detection of skin cancer and other skin conditions. SciBase is a pioneer within augmented intelligence  combining artificial intelligence with Electrical Impedance Spectroscopy (EIS) to provide objective information that assists dermatologists and others in clinical decision-making. SciBase's products include Nevisense and Nevisense Go and to date the platform addresses the areas of melanoma detection  non-melanoma skin cancer detection and skin barrier assessment. Nevisense is the only FDA-approved device for the detection of melanoma and the only MDR-approved technology for skin cancer detection in Europe. SciBase's technology is based on more than 20 years of academic research at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm  Sweden. For more information please visit www.scibase.com. All press-releases and financial reports can be found here: http://investors.scibase.se/en/pressreleasesThe following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/12371/3748865/1975858.pdf SciBase Holding AB (pub) - Press release notice to attend AGM 2023 (ENG) finalSOURCE SciBase",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.4,0.26,0.34,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'SciBase Holding AB', 'Notice', 'Swedish Central Securities Depository', 'Swedish Companies Act', 'Johan Tönnesen', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Setterwalls Advokatbyrå AB', 'daytime telephone number', 'Voting rights registrations', 'P.O. Box', 'SciBase Holding AB', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal identification number', 'corporate registration number', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'complete postal vote', 'annual general meeting', 'Nominee registered shares', 'personal data', 'postal voting', 'registration certificates', 'Such registration', 'consolidated profit', 'voting list', 'Clearing Organisation', 'record day', 'other documents', 'share register', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'legal entity', 'equivalent documents', 'privacy policy', 'one person', 'annual report', 'loss statement', 'Wednesday 17 May', 'Thursday 11 May', 'voting form', 'Tuesday 9 May', 'Tuesday 16 May', 'special form', 'Proxy voting', 'full name', ""shareholders' register"", 'attorney forms', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'publ', 'Company', 'notice', 'offices', 'address', 'Sturegatan', 'Stockholm', 'board', 'directors', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'articles', 'association', 'possibility', 'conjunction', 'information', 'attendance', 'assistant', 'Notification', 'writing', 'Attn', 'mail', 'representative', 'order', 'entry', 'powers', 'authority', 'transcription', 'accordance', 'routines', 'advance', 'account', 'preparation', 'website', 'investors', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'votes', 'Processing', 'connection', 'ESw', 'engelska', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Submission', 'auditor', 'group', 'Resolution', 'respect', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'results', 'members', 'CEO', 'discharge', 'liability', '17:00', '16:30', '101']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,prnewswire.com
22591,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.thetradenews.com/tradeweb-euroclear-and-igm-collaborate-to-automate-primary-market-security-identification-and-set-up-processes/,Tradeweb  Euroclear and IGM collaborate to automate primary market security identification and set-up processes,New solution looks to improve access to critical Eurobond data for investors  alongside improving the transition into secondary trading.,Tradeweb  Euroclear and Informa Global Markets (IGM) are collaborating to automate the security identification and set-up process for forthcoming syndicated Eurobonds in the primary market.The solution aims to improve the way investors access and manage critical pre-pricing data for newly-syndicated Eurobonds  allowing for increased automation of primary markets and an improved transition into secondary trading.“We believe there is a need for greater connectivity between the primary and secondary markets and that open collaboration is the most effective way to accelerate change ” Serene Murphy  head of corporate development for Europe and Asia at Tradeweb  told The TRADE.“Further developing and automating workflows in the primary space will help to bridge the two markets and create a streamlined transition for traders to more readily access and utilise electronic tools in secondary.”“Through collaborating with our mutual clients  we identified the need to automate the security set-up process in the primary market ” said Enrico Bruni  head of Europe and Asia business at Tradeweb.“We believe this solution will change the way buy-side investors access essential data for new issues. It’s another step toward a more automated primary market and building greater and faster connectivity with the secondary market.”Euroclear and IGM’s data solutions will make information describing the new issue  the security identifiers and the deal data available on Tradeweb at a much earlier stage in the trade process and on a real-time basis  as a newly-issued Eurobond is marketed and priced.By using Tradeweb  participants will be able to consume the collated data shell directly or through Tradeweb’s existing order management system integrations – allowing investors to automatically set up their new issue securities and manage their order and allocation process more efficiently.“Through this solution  we will address a critical issue for primary market investors around the need for quicker access to reliable new issue deal information for Eurobonds ” said Philippe Laurensy  group head of strategy  product and innovation at Euroclear.The new service is expected to launch in Q3 2023.Terry Wilby  managing director at IGM added: “The previous downstream new issue data set-up and reconciliation process was entirely manual and generated significant execution risk. With this new tri-party solution  buy-side clients will have access to trusted  reliable  accurate and timely information on new bonds readily integrated into their OMS  Execution Management Systems (EMS) and internal systems.”,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.51,0.26,0.23,True,English,"['primary market security identification', 'set-up processes', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'IGM', 'previous downstream new issue data set-up', 'existing order management system integrations', 'reliable new issue deal information', 'trusted, reliable, accurate', 'new issue securities', 'Execution Management Systems', 'significant execution risk', 'critical pre-pricing data', 'Informa Global Markets', 'security set-up process', 'forthcoming syndicated Eurobonds', 'new tri-party solution', 'automated primary market', 'deal data', 'primary market investors', 'critical issue', 'new issues', 'new service', 'new bonds', 'essential data', 'data solutions', 'data shell', 'timely information', 'internal systems', 'primary markets', 'security identification', 'security identifiers', 'two markets', 'trade process', 'allocation process', 'reconciliation process', 'secondary market', 'primary space', 'open collaboration', 'Serene Murphy', 'corporate development', 'The TRADE', 'electronic tools', 'mutual clients', 'Enrico Bruni', 'faster connectivity', 'earlier stage', 'real-time basis', 'Philippe Laurensy', 'Terry Wilby', 'managing director', 'buy-side clients', 'secondary trading', 'side investors', 'greater connectivity', 'streamlined transition', 'Asia business', 'quicker access', 'effective way', 'group head', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'IGM', 'automation', 'need', 'change', 'Europe', 'workflows', 'traders', 'step', 'participants', 'strategy', 'product', 'innovation', 'Q3', 'OMS']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,thetradenews.com
22592,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.arvopaperi.fi/porssitiedotteet/resolutions-of-purmo-group-plcs-annual-general-meeting/69e7f779-9c40-451a-b82b-70fdaa5c1296,Resolutions of Purmo Group Plc’s Annual General Meeting,April 2023 15:30 EEST. Purmo Group Plc’s Annual General Meeting was held today on Wednesday  12 April 2023 in Helsinki. The Annual,Lukuaika noin 9 minPurmo Group Plc | Stock Exchange Release | 12 April 2023 15:30 EESTPurmo Group Plc’s Annual General Meeting was held today on Wednesday  12 April 2023 in Helsinki.The Annual General Meeting approved the financial statements  adopted the proposed Remuneration Report  and discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the company’s CEO from liability for the financial year 2022. All current Board members were re-elected for the following term of office.The minutes of the meeting will be published on the Company website by 26 April 2023 on https://investors.purmogroup.com/governance/general-meetings/.Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of assets from the reserve for invested unrestricted equityIn accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  the Annual General Meeting resolved that a return of capital of EUR 0.36 per Class C share and EUR 0.07 per Class F shares will be paid for the financial year 2022. The return of capital will be paid in four instalments.The return of capital would be paid in four instalments as follows:The first instalment of the return of capital of EUR 0.09 per Class C share and EUR 0.02 per Class F share will be paid be paid on 21 April 2023. The first instalment will be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the return of capital  i.e.  14 April 2023.The second instalment of the return of capital of EUR 0.09 per Class C share and EUR 0.02 per Class F share will be paid on 22 September 2023. The second instalment will be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the return of capital  i.e.  15 September 2023.The third instalment of the return of capital of EUR 0.09 per Class C share and EUR 0.02 per Class F share will be paid on 19 December 2023. Third instalment will be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the return of capital  i.e.  12 December 2023.The fourth instalment of the return of capital of EUR 0.09 per Class C share and EUR 0.01 per Class F share will be paid on 22 March 2024. Fourth instalment will be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the return of capital  i.e.  15 March 2024.The Board of Directors also resolved the Board of Directors to resolve  if necessary  on a new record date and date of payment for the second  third and fourth instalment should  e.g.  the rules of Euroclear Finland Oy or statues applicable to the Finnish book-entry system so require.Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsIn accordance with the proposal of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board  the Annual General Meeting resolved that the fees are kept unchanged  and the members of the Board of Directors should be paid annual fees as follows:EUR 92 000 for the Chairman of the Board of Directors;EUR 53 000 for the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors;EUR 53 000 for each of the Chairmen of the Committees of the Board of Directors; andEUR 48 000 for each ordinary member of Board of Directors.Approximately 40 % of the annual fee will be paid in Purmo Group’s Class C shares.The annual fee shall be paid to the members of the Board of Directors within two weeks after the publication of the first quarter interim report or as soon as legally possible thereafter. The Company will pay the costs and transfer tax related to the acquisition of shares. If a part of the fee cannot be paid in shares as required by law or other regulations or for reasons related to a member of the Board of Directors  the fee may be paid full in cash. If the term of office of a member of the Board of Directors would be shorter  the fee would be paid in proportion to the length of their term of office.In addition to the annual fee  the members of Board of Directors should be paid a meeting fee for each meeting of the Board of Directors and its committees as follows:EUR 800 per meeting held in the country of residence of member of the Board of Directors;EUR 1 400 per meeting held outside the country of residence of the member of the Board of Directors but on the same continent as the country of residence of the member of the Board of Directors;EUR 2 600 per meeting held on another continent than the country of residence of the member of the Board of Directors; orEUR 800 per meeting held by telephone or through virtual communication channels.In addition  an additional meeting fee of EUR 800 be paid to the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Chairmen of the Committees of the Board of Directors for each meeting of the Board of Directors and its Committees.In addition  compensation for reasonable travel  accommodation and other expenses related to the Board of Directors and committee work are to be reimbursed according to the applicable policies of the Company.Each member of the Board of Directors shall have the right to abstain from receiving remuneration.Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsIn accordance with the proposal of the Shareholders’ Nomination Board  the Annual General Meeting resolved that the number of members of the Board of Directors be seven (7).The present members of the Board of Directors Tomas von Rettig  Matts Rosenberg  Alexander Ehrnrooth  Carina Edblad  Carlo Grossi  Jyri Luomakoski and Catharina Stackelberg-Hammarén were re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term that ends at the close of the next Annual General Meeting.Tomas von Rettig was elected as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Matts Rosenberg as the Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors.Election of the AuditorUpon the recommendation of the Audit Committee  the Board of Directors KPMG Oy Ab was re-elected as the Company’s auditor for a term that ends at the close of the next Annual General Meeting. KPMG Oy Ab has informed the Company that Authorized Public Accountant Kim Järvi will continue as the auditor in charge. Auditor’s fees will be paid against an invoice approved by the Company.Authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of shares as well as on the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesIn accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors’  the Annual General Meeting resolved that the Board of Directors is authorised to resolve on the issuance of class C shares as well as the issuance of special rights entitling to class C shares referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Finnish Companies Act in one or several tranches.The number of class C shares to be issued based on this authorisation shall not exceed 8 000 000 shares (including shares to be received based on special rights)  which corresponds to approximately 19.46 per cent of all of class C shares in Purmo Group. The authorisation may be used to improve Purmo Group’s capital structure  to finance or carry out corporate acquisitions or other arrangements  for incentive arrangements and remuneration schemes or for other purposes resolved by the Board of Directors. However  a maximum of 25 per cent of the authorisation  i.e.  a maximum of 2 000 000 class C shares (including shares to be received based on special rights) may be used for incentive arrangements and remuneration schemes.The Board of Directors shall decide on all the conditions of the issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares. The issuance of shares and of special rights entitling to shares may be carried out in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights (directed issue).The authorisation is effective until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation revoked the previous authorisation granted by the Annual General Meeting on 25 April 2022 to resolve on the issuance of shares as well as on the issuance of special rights entitling to shares.Authorisation of the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase of the Company’s own shares as well as to accept them as pledgeIn accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors’  the Annual General Meeting resolved that the Board of Directors is authorised to resolve on the repurchase of class C shares owned by the Company as well as on the acceptance of them as pledge.The number of class C shares to be repurchased or accepted as pledge by virtue of this authorisation shall not exceed 4 000 000 class C shares owned by the Company  which corresponds to approximately 9.73 per cent of all of class C shares in Purmo Group  subject to the provisions of the Finnish Companies’ Act on the maximum number of own shares owned by or pledged to the Company and its subsidiaries.The shares may be repurchased or accepted as pledge in one or several tranches and either through a tender offer made to all shareholders on equal terms or otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase) in public trading at the prevailing market price or at a price otherwise formed on the market. The shares would be repurchased with funds from the Company’s unrestricted shareholders’ equity.The shares will be repurchased to be used to improve Purmo Group’s capital structure  to finance or carry out corporate acquisitions or other arrangements  for incentive arrangements and remuneration schemes or to be retained by the Company as treasury shares  transferred  cancelled or for other purposes resolved by the Board. The Board of Directors shall decide on all other terms and conditions regarding the repurchase of the Company’s own shares and acceptance thereof as pledge.The authorisation is effective until the end of the next Annual General Meeting  however no longer than until 30 June 2024. The authorisation revokes the previous authorisation granted by the Annual General Meeting on 25 April 2022.Amendment of Section 10 § of the Articles of AssociationIn accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  the Annual General Meeting resolved that the Section 10 §  item 5 of the Company’s Articles of Association will be amended so that the Company’s Class F shares’ conversion right into Class C shares in connection with certain corporate events is aligned with the new share-based incentive plan.The amendments will limit the rights of the holders of class F shares to get class F shares held by them converted with respect to the provision in the current Articles of Association in events where a public tender offer for the Company’s shares or a “Dilution Event”  as defined in the Articles of Association  is announced. A “Dilution Event” stands for an event where the Company decides to issue Class C shares or any other special rights entitling to Class C shares in a directed issue  where the holders of Class F shares will not be given pre-emptive rights. Proposed amendment will not change or reduce any rights or obligations related to Class C shares.As the sole owner of Class F shares  Virala Corporation approved and voted in favour of the proposed amendment of Section 10 § of the Articles of Association.Amendment of Section 8 § of the Articles of AssociationIn accordance with the proposal of the Board of Directors  the Annual General Meeting resolved that Section 8 § of the Articles of Association of the Company will be amended to enable holding a general meeting in addition to the Company’s domicile  entirely without a physical meeting venue as a so-called remote meeting.Helsinki  12 April 2023PURMO GROUP PLCThe Board of DirectorsFurther information:Katariina Kataja  Head of Investor Relations  Purmo Group PlcTel. +358 40 527 1427Distribution:Nasdaq Helsinki LtdPrincipal mediainvestors.purmogroup.comAbout Purmo Group:Purmo Group is at the centre of the global sustainability journey  offering full solutions and sustainable ways of heating and cooling homes to mitigate global warming. We provide complete heating and cooling solutions to residential and non-residential buildings  including underfloor heating and cooling systems  a broad range of radiators  heat pumps  flow control and hydronic distribution systems  as well as smart products. Our mission is to be the global leader in sustainable indoor climate comfort solutions. Our 3 400 employees operate in 24 countries  manufacturing and distributing top quality products and solutions to our customers in more than 100 countries. Purmo Group’s shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki with the ticker symbol PURMO. More information: www.purmogroup.com.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Purmo Group Plc', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Resolutions', 'first quarter interim report', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Class C share', 'Class F share', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Finnish book-entry system', 'virtual communication channels', 'Purmo Group Plc', 'new record date', 'additional meeting fee', 'Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'current Board members', 'The Company', 'first instalment', 'Remuneration Report', 'annual fee', 'shareholders’ register', 'Lukuaika noin', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'balance sheet', 'unrestricted equity', 'four instalments', 'second instalment', 'third instalment', 'fourth instalment', 'second, third', 'two weeks', 'other regulations', 'reasonable travel', 'other expenses', 'committee work', 'applicable p', 'Company website', 'same continent', 'following term', 'Vice Chairman', 'ordinary member', 'shares', 'fees', 'April', 'Wednesday', 'Helsinki', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'liability', 'office', 'minutes', 'purmogroup', 'general-meetings', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'distribution', 'assets', 'reserve', 'accordance', 'proposal', 'return', 'capital', '22 September', '19 December', '22 March', '15 March', 'payment', 'rules', 'statues', 'Chairmen', 'Committees', 'publication', 'costs', 'transfer', 'tax', 'acquisition', 'part', 'law', 'reasons', 'cash', 'proportion', 'length', 'country', 'residence', 'telephone', 'compensation', 'accommodation']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,arvopaperi.fi
22593,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/organoclick-ab-convening-notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-organoclick-ab-publ-1681234200,OrganoClick AB: CONVENING NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF ORGANOCLICK AB (publ),be registered in OrganoClick's shareholder register  kept by Euroclear Sweden AB  on Tuesday May 9  2023  - no later than Thursday  May 11  2023  have notified their attendance  and any advisers  to the meeting. NOTIFICATION OF ATTENDANCE Notification of ...,PARTICIPATIONShareholders who wish to attend the AGM shall- be registered in OrganoClick's shareholder register  kept by Euroclear Sweden AB  on Tuesday May 9  2023 - no later than Thursday  May 11  2023  have notified their attendance  and any advisers  to the meeting.NOTIFICATION OF ATTENDANCENotification of attendance can be made by email to ir@organoclick.com or by mail to OrganoClick AB  Linjalvägen 9  187 66 Täby. Name  personal- or corporate identification number and phone number shall be specified in the notification. In the notification shall also be specified the number of advisers (maximum two) that will attend the AGM. Shareholders who exercise his or her rights through a proxy shall submit a written proxy form signed and dated by the shareholder. The signed proxy form  and for a juridical person a certified copy of the company registration  shall be sent to the Company  at the above postal address  well in advance but no later than May 11  2023. A proxy form may not be more than one year old; however  the proxy's date of expiry may be five years if this is specified. Proxy forms may be downloaded from the Company's website www.organoclick.com.Shareholders who's holdings are registered in the name of a nominee must register the shares in their own name to be entitled to participate in the AGM. Such registration must be completed with Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on May 9  2023. Contact with the nominee should therefore be taken well ahead of this date.Proposed agenda1. Opening of the AGM2. Election of the Chairman of the general meetingNomination Committee's motion: See below3. Establishment and approval of the list of voters4. Election of one or two persons to countersign the minutes5. Approval of the agenda6. Determination of whether the general meeting was duly convened7. Presentation of the CEO and questions from the shareholders to the Board of Directors and Management8. Presentation of the Annual report and the Auditor's report as well as the consolidated accounts and the consolidated Auditor's report9. Resolution concerning the adoption of the income statement  balance sheet  consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet Board's motion: Income statements and balance sheets to be adopted10. Resolution concerning the disposition of the profits or losses according to the approved balance sheetBoard's motion: See below11. Resolution concerning the discharge of the Board of Directors and the CEO from personal liability for their administration12. Determination of the number of Board membersNomination Committee's motion: See below13. Determination of the fees for the Board of Directors and the auditorNomination Committee's motion: See below14. Election of Board members and Chairman of the BoardNomination Committee's motion: See below15. Nomination procedure and appointment of Nomination CommitteeNomination Committee's motion: See below16. Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve upon issue of sharesBoard's motion: See below17. Any other issue18. Closing of the AGMProposed resolutionsItem 2: Election of the Chairman of the general meetingThe Nomination Committee proposes that Jan Johansson  OrganoClick's Chairman of the Board  is elected as the Chairman of the AGMItem 10: Resolution concerning the disposition of the profits or lossesThe Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer propose that the Parent Company's funds at the AGM's disposal  SEK 70 413 202 be carried forward into new account.Item 12: Determination of the number of Board membersThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Board of Directors shall consist of five ordinary Board members.Item 13: Determination of the fees for the Board of Directors and the auditorThe Nomination Committee proposes that the Chairman of the Board shall receive a fee of SEK 500 000 and other Board members a fee of SEK 125 000 each. The auditor is proposed to be paid for work performed according to approved invoice.Item 14: Election of Board members and Chairman of the BoardThe Nomination Committee proposes the re-election of the current Board members Jan Johansson (member since 2016)  Charlotte Karlberg (member since 2020)  Håkan Gustavson (member since 2016) and Malin Bugge (member since 2020) as well as new election of Chatarina Schneider.Claes-Göran Beckeman  who has been a board member since 2008  has declined re-election. We give a big thank you to Claes-Göran Beckeman for his contribution to the development of the Board and OrganoClick during his time as a board member.Information about the board members proposed for re-election is available on the Company's website https://organoclick.com/about/board and information about board member proposed for new election is set out below.Chatarina SchneiderBorn in 1963Education: B.Sc. in Chemistry at Linköping UniversityCurrent assignments: CEO of KRAHN Nordics AB  Chairman of the Board of Jovitech Invest AB and Swedish Algae Factory AB and board member of KRAHN Nordics AB  I-Tech AB  BoTo Förvaltning AB  Svenska Aerogel AB and Dive Madhouse AB.Selected past assignments: Has for 25 years worked for the chemical group AkzoNobel in various senior positions in management  sales and marketing.The Nomination Committee proposes the re-election of Jan Johansson as Chairman of the Board.Item 15: Nomination procedure and appointment of Nomination Committee The Nomination Committee proposes the Annual General Meeting to instruct the Chairman of the Board to contact the three shareholders that represent the largest number of votes  according to Euroclear Sweden AB's printout of the shareholder register as of 30 September 2023  each of which appoints one member of the Nomination Committee. A representative of the largest owner (or ownership grouping) is appointed chairman of the Nomination Committee. In addition  the members of the Nomination Committee shall have the right to co-opt the Chairman of the Board to the Nomination Committee if desired. Should any of the three major shareholders waive the right to appoint a member of the nomination committee  the right shall instead pass to the next largest shareholder. In the event that the ownership structure changes before the end of the fourth quarter  the composition of the Nomination Committee shall be updated to reflect the new ownership structure  if possible and considered appropriate.The Nomination Committee shall for the Annual General Meeting 2024 prepare proposals for (i) the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting  (ii) the election of the Board of Directors  (iii) the election of the Chairman of the Board  (iv) the election of the auditor  (v) the remuneration of the Board of Directors and the auditor and (vi) the criteria for appointments to the Nomination Committee.Members of the Nomination Committee shall not receive a fee. The Nomination Committee shall  upon the Chairman of the Board's approval  have the right to burden the Company with costs  for example related to recruitment consultants  or other costs necessary for the Nomination Committee to fulfil its duties.Item 16: Resolution on authorization for the Board of Directors to resolve upon issue of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that authorization be given to the Board of Directors to  during the period until the next Annual General Meeting and on one or more occasions  resolve on a new issue of shares  subscription warrants  or convertible bonds with or without deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  to be paid in cash  in kind or by right of set-off. The issue may at most increase the share capital by 10 percent or SEK 97 950 (corresponding to 9 795 000 shares).Such an issue of shares may be carried out with deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights to subscribe for new shares. In the event of deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights  the issue price must be determined on the basis of market conditions. The Board of Directors further proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors or a person whom the Board of Directors appoints to make such minor adjustments of the resolution above that are required in order to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.………………………Majority rulesA resolution according to the Board of Directors' proposal under item 16 requires for its validity that shareholders representing a minimum of two-thirds of the votes cast and the shares represented at the AGM support the resolution.Other informationComplete proposals for resolutions  financial statements  audit reports and other documents related to the Annual General will be published on the company's website https://organoclick.com and will be available at the company's premises at Linjalvägen 9  187 66 Täby no later than three weeks before the meeting. The documents will also be sent without charge to shareholders who specifically requests it  stating their postal address.The Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer shall  upon request by any shareholder and where the Board of Directors determines that it can be done without material harm to the Company  provide information of circumstances which may affect the assessment of a matter on the agenda and on circumstances which may affect the assessment of the Company's or any subsidiary's financial position or the Company's relationship to other Group companies. Anyone who wants to submit questions can do so to ir@organoclick.com  or by mail at the address listed above.***Welcome!Stockholm  April 2023OrganoClick AB (publ)The Board of Directors,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.42,0.25,0.33,True,English,"['ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'OrganoClick AB', 'CONVENING NOTICE', 'Swedish Algae Factory AB', 'five ordinary Board members', 'consolidated balance sheet Board', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Håkan Gustavson', 'Claes-Göran Beckeman', 'Linköping University', 'KRAHN Nordics AB', 'Jovitech Invest AB', 'The Nomination Committee', 'corporate identification number', 'written proxy form', 'other Board members', 'current Board members', 'five years', 'balance sheets', 'consolidated accounts', 'Current assignments', 'Nomination procedure', 'OrganoClick AB', 'Linjalvägen', 'Täby', 'juridical person', 'certified copy', 'postal address', 'Such registration', 'two persons', 'income statement', 'personal liability', 'other issue', 'Jan Johansson', 'new account', 'Charlotte Karlberg', 'Malin Bugge', 'Chatarina Schneider', 'big thank', 'B.Sc.', 'consolidated Auditor', 'Proxy forms', 'general meeting', 'phone number', 'shareholder register', 'company registration', 'Parent Company', 'Tuesday May', 'Annual report', 'shares Board', 'new election', 'PARTICIPATION', 'Shareholders', 'AGM', 'Thursday', 'attendance', 'advisers', 'NOTIFICATION', 'email', 'ir', 'Name', 'rights', 'advance', 'website', 'holdings', 'nominee', 'Contact', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'motion', 'Establishment', 'approval', 'list', 'voters', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'CEO', 'questions', 'Management', 'Resolution', 'adoption', 'disposition', 'profits', 'losses', 'discharge', 'administration', 'fees', 'appointment', 'authorization', 'Closing', 'Item', 'funds', 'disposal', 'SEK', 'work', 'invoice', 'contribution', 'development', 'time', 'Information', 'Education', 'Chemistry', 'I-Tec']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,privataaffarer.se
22594,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.privataaffarer.se/lundin-mining-corporation-lundin-mining-announces-dates-of-annual-meeting-of-shareholders-and-first-quarter-2023-results-1681252200,Lundin Mining Corporation: Lundin Mining Announces Dates of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and First Quarter 2023 Results,To facilitate increased shareholder attendance and participation  the Company has made arrangements to enable shareholders and proxyholders to attend and vote virtually at this year's Meeting. The record date for the Annual Meeting is March 24 ,"To facilitate increased shareholder attendance and participation  the Company has made arrangements to enable shareholders and proxyholders to attend and vote virtually at this year's Meeting. The record date for the Annual Meeting is March 24  2023.Meeting materials were mailed to shareholders on or about April 11  2023. Eligible Shareholders are encouraged to vote online  by telephone or by proxy. Detailed information on how shareholders can participate in the Meeting and vote is available in the Circular. The Circular provides additional information relating to the below items for consideration at the Meeting.The Meeting is being held for the following purposes:To receive the audited consolidated financial statements of the Corporation for the year ended December 31  2022 and the report of the auditors thereon;To elect the directors for the ensuing year;To appoint PricewaterhouseCoopersLLP  Chartered Professional Accountants as auditors of the Corporation for the ensuing year  and to authorize the directors to fix the remuneration to be paid to the auditors;To provide shareholders with an advisory vote on Executive Compensation;To transact such further and other business as may properly be brought before the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.Notice and AccessLundin Mining is using notice and access to provide shareholders with easy electronic access to the Circular  other meeting materials and to copies of the Company's audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2022  the auditor's report on those statements and the associated management's discussion and analysis  rather than mailing paper copies. This shift to electronic delivery is environmentally friendly and saves money.Electronic copies of these materials will be available online at the Company's website at www.lundinmining.com/investors/corporate-filings or under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The notice shareholders receive will include information on how to obtain a paper copy of the Circular or associated materials if preferred.How to Vote if Your Securities Trade on the Nasdaq Stockholm ExchangeThe information in this section is of significance to shareholders who hold their securities (""Euroclear Registered Securities"") through Euroclear Sweden AB  which securities trade on the Nasdaq Stockholm Exchange. Shareholders who hold Euroclear Registered Securities are not registered holders of voting securities for the purposes of voting at the Meeting. Instead  Euroclear Registered Securities are registered under CDS & Co.  the registration name of the Canadian Depositary for Securities. Holders of Euroclear Registered Securities will receive a Form of Proxy (the ""Swedish Proxy"") by mail directly from Computershare AB (""Computershare Sweden""). The Swedish Proxy cannot be used to vote securities directly at the Meeting. Instead  the Swedish Proxy must be completed and returned to Computershare Sweden  strictly in accordance with the instructions and deadlines that will be described in the instructions provided with the Swedish Proxy.First Quarter 2023 Results Conference Call and WebcastThe Company will hold a telephone conference call and webcast at 08:00 ET  14:00 CET on Thursday May 4  2023. Conference call details are provided below. Please dial in 15 minutes prior to the call start to ensure placement into the conference on time.Call-in number for the conference call (North America): +1 416 764 8646Call-in number for the conference call (North America Toll Free): +1 888 396 8049Call-in number for the conference call (Sweden): 020 089 9189To view the live webcast presentation  please log on using this direct link:https://viavid.webcasts.com/starthere.jsp?ei=1609623&tp_key=aba73802beThe presentation slideshow will also be available in PDF format on the Lundin Mining website www.lundinmining.com before the conference call.A replay of the telephone conference will be available after the completion of the call until June 4  2023.Call-in numbers for the replay are (North America): +1 877 674 7070 or (internationally) +1 416 764 8692The passcode for the replay is: 286049A replay of the webcast will be available by clicking on the direct link (https://viavid.webcasts.com/starthere.jsp?ei=1609623&tp_key=aba73802be) above.The information in this release is subject to the disclosure requirements of Lundin Mining under the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below on April 11  2023 at 16:30 Eastern Time.View PDF version (https://mb.cision.com/Public/18388/3749266/a5366fa2cfe87d6d.pdf)",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.69,0.22,0.08,True,English,"['First Quarter 2023 Results', 'Lundin Mining Corporation', 'Annual Meeting', 'Dates', 'Shareholders', 'First Quarter 2023 Results Conference Call', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'Nasdaq Stockholm Exchange', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Euroclear Registered Securities', 'North America Toll', 'Conference call details', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'easy electronic access', 'live webcast presentation', 'Lundin Mining website', 'telephone conference call', 'The Swedish Proxy', 'other meeting materials', 'other business', 'Computershare AB', 'presentation slideshow', 'electronic delivery', 'registered holders', 'shareholder attendance', 'record date', 'Professional Accountants', 'Executive Compensation', 'associated management', 'Electronic copies', 'paper copy', 'associated materials', 'Securities Trade', 'registration name', 'Canadian Depositary', 'Computershare Sweden', 'direct link', 'PDF format', 'disclosure requirements', 'contact persons', 'PDF version', 'paper copies', 'The Circular', 'The Company', 'following purposes', 'advisory vote', 'voting securities', '16:30 Eastern Time', 'Annual Meeting', 'ensuing year', 'Detailed information', 'additional information', 'Eligible Shareholders', 'notice shareholders', 'participation', 'arrangements', 'proxyholders', 'March', 'April', 'items', 'consideration', 'Corporation', 'report', 'auditors', 'directors', 'PricewaterhouseCoopersLLP', 'remuneration', 'adjournment', 'postponement', 'December', 'discussion', 'analysis', 'shift', 'money', 'investors', 'corporate-filings', 'profile', 'SEDAR', 'section', 'significance', 'CDS', 'Co.', 'mail', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'deadlines', 'Thursday', 'May', '15 minutes', 'placement', 'number', 'replay', 'completion', 'June', 'passcode', 'release', 'publication', 'agency', 'cision', '08:00', '14:00']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,privataaffarer.se
22595,Euroclear,Bing API,https://www.goldseiten.de/artikel/575915--Lundin-Mining-Announces-Dates-of-Annual-Meeting-of-Shareholders-and-First-Quarter-2023-Results.html,Lundin Mining Announces Dates of Annual Meeting of Shareholders and First Quarter 2023 Results,Lundin Mining Corp. today announces that its Annual Meeting will be held on Thursday  May 12  2023 at 10:00 ET via live audio webcast online at  The Notice of Meeting  the accompanying Management,"TORONTO  April 11  2023 - (TSX: LUN) (Nasdaq Stockholm: LUMI) Lundin Mining Corp. (""Lundin Mining"" or the ""Company"") today announces that its Annual Meeting will be held on Thursday  May 12  2023 (the ""Meeting"") at 10:00 ET via live audio webcast online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/LUN2023. The Notice of Meeting  the accompanying Management Proxy Circular (the ""Circular"") and related meeting materials are now available under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on the Company's website at https://lundinmining.com/investors/corporate-filings/. Additionally  the Company announces that the report for the first quarter ended March 31  2023 will be published on Wednesday  May 3  2023.To facilitate increased shareholder attendance and participation  the Company has made arrangements to enable shareholders and proxyholders to attend and vote virtually at this year's Meeting. The record date for the Annual Meeting is March 24  2023. Meeting materials were mailed to shareholders on or about April 11  2023. Eligible Shareholders are encouraged to vote online  by telephone or by proxy. Detailed information on how shareholders can participate in the Meeting and vote is available in the Circular. The Circular provides additional information relating to the below items for consideration at the Meeting.The Meeting is being held for the following purposes:To receive the audited consolidated financial statements of the Corporation for the year ended December 31  2022 and the report of the auditors thereon;To elect the directors for the ensuing year;To appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  Chartered Professional Accountants as auditors of the Corporation for the ensuing year  and to authorize the directors to fix the remuneration to be paid to the auditors;To provide shareholders with an advisory vote on Executive Compensation;To transact such further and other business as may properly be brought before the Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.Notice and AccessLundin Mining is using notice and access to provide shareholders with easy electronic access to the Circular  other meeting materials and to copies of the Company's audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2022  the auditor's report on those statements and the associated management's discussion and analysis  rather than mailing paper copies. This shift to electronic delivery is environmentally friendly and saves money.Electronic copies of these materials will be available online at the Company's website at www.lundinmining.com/investors/corporate-filings or under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The notice shareholders receive will include information on how to obtain a paper copy of the Circular or associated materials if preferred.How to Vote if Your Securities Trade on the Nasdaq Stockholm ExchangeThe information in this section is of significance to shareholders who hold their securities (""Euroclear Registered Securities"") through Euroclear Sweden AB  which securities trade on the Nasdaq Stockholm Exchange. Shareholders who hold Euroclear Registered Securities are not registered holders of voting securities for the purposes of voting at the Meeting. Instead  Euroclear Registered Securities are registered under CDS & Co.  the registration name of the Canadian Depositary for Securities. Holders of Euroclear Registered Securities will receive a Form of Proxy (the ""Swedish Proxy"") by mail directly from Computershare AB (""Computershare Sweden""). The Swedish Proxy cannot be used to vote securities directly at the Meeting. Instead  the Swedish Proxy must be completed and returned to Computershare Sweden  strictly in accordance with the instructions and deadlines that will be described in the instructions provided with the Swedish Proxy.First Quarter 2023 Results Conference Call and WebcastThe Company will hold a telephone conference call and webcast at 08:00 ET  14:00 CET on Thursday  May 4  2023. Conference call details are provided below. Please dial in 15 minutes prior to the call start to ensure placement into the conference on time.Call-in number for the conference call (North America): +1 416 764 8646Call-in number for the conference call (North America Toll Free): +1 888 396 8049Call-in number for the conference call (Sweden): 020 089 9189To view the live webcast presentation  please log on using this direct link:https://viavid.webcasts.com/starthere.jsp?ei=1609623&tp_key=aba73802beThe presentation slideshow will also be available in PDF format on the Lundin Mining website www.lundinmining.com before the conference call.A replay of the telephone conference will be available after the completion of the call until June 4  2023.Call-in numbers for the replay are (North America): +1 877 674 7070 or (internationally) +1 416 764 8692The passcode for the replay is: 286049A replay of the webcast will be available by clicking on the direct link above.About Lundin MiningLundin Mining is a diversified Canadian base metals mining company with operations and projects in Argentina  Brazil  Chile  Portugal  Sweden and the United States of America  primarily producing copper  zinc  gold and nickel.The information in this release is subject to the disclosure requirements of Lundin Mining under the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below on April 11  2023 at 16:30 Eastern Time.SOURCE Lundin Mining Corp.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.93,0.07,0.0,True,English,"['First Quarter 2023 Results', 'Lundin Mining', 'Annual Meeting', 'Dates', 'Shareholders', 'diversified Canadian base metals mining company', 'First Quarter 2023 Results Conference Call', 'accompanying Management Proxy Circular', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Nasdaq Stockholm Exchange', 'Lundin Mining Corp.', 'live audio webcast', 'Euroclear Registered Securities', 'North America Toll', 'Conference call details', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'live webcast presentation', 'easy electronic access', 'Lundin Mining website', 'related meeting materials', 'telephone conference call', 'The Swedish Proxy', 'other meeting materials', 'Canadian Depositary', 'associated management', 'other business', 'Computershare AB', 'presentation slideshow', 'electronic delivery', 'registered holders', 'associated materials', 'shareholder attendance', 'record date', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP', 'Professional Accountants', 'Executive Compensation', 'Electronic copies', 'paper copy', 'Securities Trade', 'registration name', 'Computershare Sweden', 'direct link', 'PDF format', 'The Circular', 'paper copies', 'The Company', 'Annual Meeting', 'Detailed information', 'additional information', 'following purposes', 'advisory vote', 'voting securities', 'ensuing year', 'Eligible Shareholders', 'notice shareholders', 'TORONTO', 'April', 'LUMI', 'Thursday', 'May', 'profile', 'SEDAR', 'corporate-filings', 'report', 'March', 'Wednesday', 'participation', 'arrangements', 'proxyholders', 'items', 'consideration', 'Corporation', 'auditors', 'directors', 'remuneration', 'adjournment', 'postponement', 'December', 'discussion', 'analysis', 'shift', 'money', 'investors', 'section', 'significance', 'CDS', 'Co.', 'mail', 'accordance', 'instructions', 'deadlines', '15 minutes', 'placement', 'time', 'number', 'replay', 'completion', 'June', 'passcode', 'operations', '10:00', '08:00', '14:00']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,goldseiten.de
22596,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Tradeweb  Euroclear and IGM collaborate to automate primary market security identification and set-up processes https://t.co/duJokX3gFE,nan,Tradeweb  Euroclear and IGM collaborate to automate primary market security identification and set-up processes https://t.co/duJokX3gFE,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['primary market security identification', 'set-up processes', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'IGM', 'primary market security identification', 'set-up processes', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'IGM']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22597,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Tradeweb  Euroclear and IGM collaborate to build new solution for syndicated Eurobonds. The solution  expected to l… https://t.co/vuR13bIYJV,nan,Tradeweb  Euroclear and IGM collaborate to build new solution for syndicated Eurobonds. The solution  expected to l… https://t.co/vuR13bIYJV,positive,0.95,0.05,0.01,positive,0.95,0.05,0.01,True,English,"['new solution', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'IGM', 'Eurobonds', 'vuR13bIYJV', 'new solution', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'IGM', 'Eurobonds', 'vuR13bIYJV']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22598,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Tradeweb  Euroclear and IGM collaborate to build new solution for syndicated Eurobonds. The solution  expected to l… https://t.co/tuXlmVIWZ6,nan,Tradeweb  Euroclear and IGM collaborate to build new solution for syndicated Eurobonds. The solution  expected to l… https://t.co/tuXlmVIWZ6,positive,0.83,0.16,0.02,positive,0.83,0.16,0.02,True,English,"['new solution', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'IGM', 'Eurobonds', 'new solution', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'IGM', 'Eurobonds']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22599,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Tradeweb  Euroclear and IGM collaborate to automate primary market security identification and set-up processes https://t.co/vCGfOxXZr7,nan,Tradeweb  Euroclear and IGM collaborate to automate primary market security identification and set-up processes https://t.co/vCGfOxXZr7,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['primary market security identification', 'set-up processes', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'IGM', 'vCGfOxXZr7', 'primary market security identification', 'set-up processes', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'IGM', 'vCGfOxXZr7']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22600,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Tradeweb  Euroclear and IGM collaborate to automate primary market security identification and set-up processes… https://t.co/1KJE3nSOcM,nan,Tradeweb  Euroclear and IGM collaborate to automate primary market security identification and set-up processes… https://t.co/1KJE3nSOcM,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.07,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['primary market security identification', 'set-up processes', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'IGM', 'KJE3nSOcM', 'primary market security identification', 'set-up processes', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'IGM', 'KJE3nSOcM']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22601,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Tradeweb  Euroclear and Informa Global Markets collaborate on bond issuancehttps://t.co/lFRL5VqMHF,nan,Tradeweb  Euroclear and Informa Global Markets collaborate on bond issuancehttps://t.co/lFRL5VqMHF,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Informa Global Markets', 'bond issuance', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'Informa Global Markets', 'bond issuance', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22602,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,📅🔔 Registration begins at 9:30 AM. Shareholders wishing to attend must be listed as shareholders by Euroclear Swede… https://t.co/urEAB6VZpa,nan,📅🔔 Registration begins at 9:30 AM. Shareholders wishing to attend must be listed as shareholders by Euroclear Swede… https://t.co/urEAB6VZpa,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.01,True,English,"['Euroclear Swede', 'Registration', 'Shareholders', '9:30', 'Euroclear Swede', 'Registration', 'Shareholders', '9:30']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22603,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Tradeweb  Euroclear and Informa Global Markets Announce Collaboration to Automate the Security Identification and S… https://t.co/Wa9mc0W4Zj,nan,Tradeweb  Euroclear and Informa Global Markets Announce Collaboration to Automate the Security Identification and S… https://t.co/Wa9mc0W4Zj,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Informa Global Markets', 'Security Identification', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'Collaboration', 'Informa Global Markets', 'Security Identification', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'Collaboration']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22604,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,$TW Tradeweb  Euroclear and Informa Global Markets come together to automate security identification,nan,$TW Tradeweb  Euroclear and Informa Global Markets come together to automate security identification,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Informa Global Markets', '$TW Tradeweb', 'security identification', 'Euroclear', 'Informa Global Markets', '$TW Tradeweb', 'security identification', 'Euroclear']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22605,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Tradeweb  Euroclear and Informa Global Markets come together to automate security identification. https://t.co/sOQeW6cFlu,nan,Tradeweb  Euroclear and Informa Global Markets come together to automate security identification. https://t.co/sOQeW6cFlu,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['Informa Global Markets', 'security identification', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'Informa Global Markets', 'security identification', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22606,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Tradeweb  Euroclear and Informa Global Markets come together to automate security identification… https://t.co/S06SKp0PVf,nan,Tradeweb  Euroclear and Informa Global Markets come together to automate security identification… https://t.co/S06SKp0PVf,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.89,0.01,True,English,"['Informa Global Markets', 'security identification', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'Informa Global Markets', 'security identification', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22607,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Tradeweb  Euroclear and Informa Global Markets come together to automate security identification… https://t.co/21gpF1RqMO,nan,Tradeweb  Euroclear and Informa Global Markets come together to automate security identification… https://t.co/21gpF1RqMO,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,True,English,"['Informa Global Markets', 'security identification', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'gpF1RqMO', 'Informa Global Markets', 'security identification', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'gpF1RqMO']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22608,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,$TW - Tradeweb  Euroclear and Informa Global Markets come together to automate security identification https://t.co/kYtSvKgueC,nan,$TW - Tradeweb  Euroclear and Informa Global Markets come together to automate security identification https://t.co/kYtSvKgueC,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Informa Global Markets', 'security identification', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'Informa Global Markets', 'security identification', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22609,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Tradeweb  Euroclear and Informa Global Markets Announce Collaboration to Automate the Security Identification and Se https://t.co/emlELMN0W0,nan,Tradeweb  Euroclear and Informa Global Markets Announce Collaboration to Automate the Security Identification and Se https://t.co/emlELMN0W0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['Informa Global Markets', 'Security Identification', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'Collaboration', 'Informa Global Markets', 'Security Identification', 'Tradeweb', 'Euroclear', 'Collaboration']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22610,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Hello We offer Swift MT760 BG/SBLC  FC MTN  BCL  DTC  KTT  EUROCLEAR  Bank Draft  Letter of Credit (LC)  MT103 Et… https://t.co/BgdDfzejkp,nan,Hello We offer Swift MT760 BG/SBLC  FC MTN  BCL  DTC  KTT  EUROCLEAR  Bank Draft  Letter of Credit (LC)  MT103 Et… https://t.co/BgdDfzejkp,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.02,True,English,"['Swift MT760 BG/SBLC', 'FC MTN', 'Bank Draft', 'BCL', 'DTC', 'KTT', 'EUROCLEAR', 'Letter', 'Credit', 'MT103', 'BgdDfzejkp', 'Swift MT760 BG/SBLC', 'FC MTN', 'Bank Draft', 'BCL', 'DTC', 'KTT', 'EUROCLEAR', 'Letter', 'Credit', 'MT103', 'BgdDfzejkp']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22611,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/decision-intelligence-market-hit-25-071000180.html,Decision Intelligence Market to hit $25 Bn by 2032  Says Global Market Insights Inc.,Major decision intelligence market participants include Advanced Micro Devices  Inc.  Baidu  Inc.  AiCure LLC  Arm Limited  H2O.ai  Inc.  Ayasdi AI LLC...,Global Market Insights Inc.Major decision intelligence market participants include Advanced Micro Devices  Inc.  Baidu  Inc.  AiCure LLC  Arm Limited  H2O.ai  Inc.  Ayasdi AI LLC  Clarifai  Inc.  and Enlitic  Inc.Selbyville  Delaware  April 11  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --The decision intelligence market valuation is predicted to reach USD 25 billion by 2032  as reported in a research study by Global Market Insights Inc .Enterprises are focusing on eliminating human intervention for taking critical decisions based on incomplete data which is expanding the use of technology to forecast an intelligent solution  fueling the business revenue. Digitization in BFSI sector offers new opportunities to the industry players to develop innovative decision intelligence products and services  which is predictable to boost the market's demand. For instance  in June 2022 Quantexa  a leading worldwide supplier of Contextual Decision Intelligence solutions  announced the introduction of its inaugural Partner Program  a global framework to better support the growth and success of its consulting  delivery  technology  and data partners from the banking  government  insurance  and telecommunications sectors.The decision intelligence market from solution segment held over 25% revenue share in 2022  as more businesses integrate new capabilities to give asset managers the intelligence that they need to analyze market trends  better understand consumer behavior  and make better decisions about fund distribution for improved outcomes. For instance  in April 2022  FNZ  the global wealth management platform  and Clearstream  the post-trade services provider  partnered to significantly enhance support for asset managers by significantly increasing transparency across the entire industry through the launch of a new cutting-edge business intelligence solution for the UK and European asset management market.Request for a sample of this research report @ https://www.gminsights.com/request-sample/detail/5445Story continuesThe decision intelligence market from on-premises segment was over 30% of revenue share in 2022. The value of decision intelligence technology is found in its capacity to compile big  unrelated data sets  evaluate them  and provide useful information. Although cloud applications offer scale and cost benefits  they offer universal functionality and limited customization  which increases the preference for on-premises decision intelligence systems. Additionally  the increasing deployment of on-premises decision intelligence solutions and platforms by larger companies for tailored services and technology to retrieve data from specific sources is set to influence the market growth.The decision intelligence market from the small/medium segment is poised to surpass USD 10 billion by 2032. Decision intelligence is vital for SMEs as they seek realistic  data-driven solutions to simplify complicated decisions in mission-critical areas such as conversion rates  client retention  resource allocation  task management  supply chain efficiency  and profitability. Similarly  growing product uptake to obtain real-time data insights and streamline critical company processes and data management will propel the market expansion.The decision intelligence market from logistics optimization segment will witness 10% CAGR through 2032. The logistics industry is one of the sectors with the greatest number of organizations actively utilizing ML procedures since logistics companies constantly innovate and evolve in order to remain competitive. These automated solutions frequently produce better outcomes than human employees because of machines' aptitude for high-speed processing  relative objectivity  access to enormous volumes of data sources  or even absence of subjective bias toward certain options  which has raised the demand for decision intelligence for logistics optimization.Make an inquiry for purchasing this report @ https://www.gminsights.com/inquiry-before-buying/5445The decision intelligence market from healthcare segment dominated around USD 1 billion in 2022. The numerous benefits of using AI and RPA in healthcare decision intelligence  such as improved data processing for electronic health record management  user-friendly workflow for effective patient care  and improved healthcare professionals' decision-making abilities  are projected to result in increased use of decision intelligence till 2032. Moreover  increasing investments in integrating cutting-edge AI and ML technologies to improve outcomes are expected to promote the market revenue.Europe decision intelligence market accounted for 25% revenue share by 2032  attributed to the rising penetration of AI and ML-enabled decision intelligence solutions upgrading the delivery of essential public services including healthcare  energy  and transportation. Furthermore  the UK government is transforming the public sector operations with the help of data analytics. For instance  in August 2022  Pyramid Analytics  a leading provider of decision intelligence platforms  has established a UK Public Sector Practice that will make augmented analytics available to all UK government departments  agencies  and organizations.Major players involved in the decision intelligence market include Advanced Micro Devices  Inc.  Baidu  Inc.  AiCure LLC  Arm Limited  H2O.ai  Inc.  Ayasdi AI LLC  Clarifai  Inc.  and Enlitic  Inc. These companies are largely focusing on various strategies like implementing expansion plans and improving processes.Partial chapters of report table of contents (TOC):Chapter 1 Methodology & Scope1.1 Market definition1.2 Base estimates & forecast1.3 Forecast calculations1.4 Data Sources1.4.1 Secondary1.4.2 Primary1.5 Industry GlossaryChapter 2 Executive Summary2.1 Decision Intelligence industry 360º synopsis  2018 – 20322.2 Business trends2.2.1 Total Addressable Market (TAM)2.3 Regional trends2.4 Component trends2.5 Deployment Mode trends2.6 Organization Size trends2.7 Application trends2.8 End Use trendsChapter 3 Decision Intelligence Market Insights3.1 Introduction3.2 Impact of COVID-19 outbreak3.2.1 By region3.2.1.1 North America3.2.1.2 Europe3.2.1.3 Asia Pacific3.2.1.4 Latin America3.2.1.5 Middle East & Africa3.2.2 Strategies by major players to regain pre-COVID level growth3.3 Impact analysis of Russia-Ukraine war3.4 Decision Intelligence industry ecosystem analysis3.4.1 Software Providers3.4.2 Third party service provider3.4.3 Marketing & distribution3.4.4 Post purchase service provider3.4.5 Vendor matrix3.4.6 Profit margin analysis3.5 Evolution of the Decision Intelligence market3.6 Technology & innovation landscape3.6.1 Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning3.7 Investment portfolio3.8 Patent analysis3.9 Industry news3.9.1 Partnership3.9.2 New launch3.9.3 Merger/Acquisition3.10 Regulatory landscape3.10.1 North America3.10.2 Europe3.10.3 Asia Pacific3.10.4 Latin America3.10.5 MEA3.11 Industry impact forces3.11.1 Growth drivers3.11.1.1 Increasing demand for customized product Increasing need for making fast and accurate decisions for better outcome3.11.1.2 Increasing need for multiple problem-solving options3.11.1.3 Increasing need to lower the risks associated with human decisions3.11.2 Industry pitfalls & challenges3.11.2.1 High initial cost3.11.2.2 Lack of technology knowledge among users3.11.2.3 Rise in unemployment3.12 Growth potential analysis3.13 Porter’s analysis3.13.1 Bargaining power of suppliers3.13.2 Bargaining power of buyers3.13.3 The threat of new entrants3.13.4 The threat of substitute3.13.5 Competitive rivalry3.14 PESTEL analysis3.14.1 Political3.14.2 Economic3.14.3 Social3.14.4 Technological3.14.5 Legal3.14.6 EnvironmentalBrowse our Reports Store - GMIPulse @ https://www.gminsights.com/gmipulseBrowse Related Reports:Edge AI Market Size By Component (Hardware [GPU  ASIC  CPU  FPGA]  Software  Services)  By Application (Video Surveillance  Remote Monitoring  Predictive Maintenance) By End-use  & Forecast  2023 – 2032https://www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/edge-ai-marketArtificial Intelligence in IT Operations (AIOps) Market Size By Component (Solution  Service [Professional Service  Managed Service])  By Deployment Model  By Enterprise Size  By Application (Infrastructure Management  Real-time Analytics  Network & Security Management  Application Performance Management)  By End-use & Forecast  2023 – 2032https://www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/aiops-marketAbout Global Market Insights Inc.Global Market Insights Inc.  headquartered in Delaware  U.S.  is a global market research and consulting service provider  offering syndicated and custom research reports along with growth consulting services. Our business intelligence and industry research reports offer clients with penetrative insights and actionable market data specially designed and presented to aid strategic decision making. These exhaustive reports are designed via a proprietary research methodology and are available for key industries such as chemicals  advanced materials  technology  renewable energy  and biotechnology.CONTACT: Contact Us: Aashit Tiwari Corporate Sales  USA Global Market Insights Inc. Toll Free: 1-888-689-0688 USA: +1-302-846-7766 Europe: +44-742-759-8484 APAC: +65-3129-7718 Email: sales@gminsights.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.17,0.34,True,English,"['Global Market Insights Inc.', 'Decision Intelligence Market', 'Major decision intelligence market participants', 'new cutting-edge business intelligence solution', 'electronic health record management', 'global wealth management platform', ""healthcare professionals' decision-making abilities"", 'big, unrelated data sets', 'innovative decision intelligence products', 'premises decision intelligence systems', 'ML-enabled decision intelligence solutions', 'Global Market Insights Inc.', 'decision intelligence market valuation', 'European asset management market', 'premises decision intelligence solutions', 'realistic, data-driven solutions', 'Europe decision intelligence', 'Advanced Micro Devices', 'inaugural Partner Program', 'supply chain efficiency', 'growing product uptake', 'effective patient care', 'real-time data insights', 'leading worldwide supplier', 'critical company processes', 'public sector operations', 'healthcare decision intelligence', 'essential public services', 'post-trade services provider', 'Ayasdi AI LLC', 'logistics optimization segment', 'premises segment', 'business revenue', 'global framework', 'data management', 'cutting-edge AI', 'solution segment', 'task management', 'automated solutions', 'intelligent solution', 'new opportunities', 'new capabilities', 'market trends', 'market expansion', 'market revenue', 'leading provider', 'asset managers', 'intelligence platforms', 'AiCure LLC', 'BFSI sector', 'market growth', 'intelligence technology', 'small/medium segment', 'logistics industry', 'logistics companies', 'incomplete data', 'data partners', 'data sources', 'data processing', 'data analytics', 'critical decisions', 'Arm Limited', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'research study', 'human intervention', 'industry players', '25% revenue share', 'consumer behavior', 'fund distribution', 'entire industry', 'useful information', 'cloud applications', 'cost benefits', 'universal functionality', 'limited customization', 'increasing deployment', 'larger companies', 'specific sources', 'mission-critical areas', 'conversion rates', 'client retention', 'resource allocation', 'greatest number', 'ML procedures', 'human employees', ""machines' aptitude"", 'high-speed processing', 'relative objectivity', 'enormous volumes', 'subjective bias', 'numerous benefits', 'user-friendly workflow', 'ML technologies', 'rising penetration', 'Pyramid Analytics', 'H2O.ai', 'complicated decisions', 'telecommunications sectors', 'research report', 'UK government', 'Baidu', 'Clarifai', 'Enlitic', 'Selbyville', 'Delaware', 'April', 'Enterprises', 'Digitization', 'demand', 'instance', 'June', 'Quantexa', 'introduction', 'success', 'consulting', 'delivery', 'insurance', 'businesses', 'outcomes', 'FNZ', 'Clearstream', 'support', 'transparency', 'launch', 'Request', 'sample', 'gminsights', 'Story', 'value', 'capacity', 'scale', 'preference', 'SMEs', 'profitability', '10% CAGR', 'organizations', 'order', 'access', 'absence', 'options', 'inquiry', 'RPA', 'increased', 'investments', 'energy', 'transportation', 'help', 'August']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22612,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/DEUTSCHE-TELEKOM-AG-444661/news/Deutsche-Telekom-Annoucement-43461826/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Deutsche Telekom : Annoucement,(marketscreener.com)    Deutsche Telekom AG  Bonn   ISIN no. DE0005557508   Securities identification code 555 750   Dividendannouncement   On April 5  2023  the Shareholders' Meeting approved the use of EUR 3 482 722 242.30 of the EUR...https:…,"Deutsche Telekom AG  BonnISIN no. DE0005557508Securities identification code 555 750DividendannouncementOn April 5  2023  the Shareholders' Meeting approved the use of EUR 3 482 722 242.30 of the EUR 6 699 750 283.04 in unappropriated net income generated in the 2022 financial year for a dividend payment of EUR 0.70 per no par value share carrying dividend rights  and the carrying forward of the remaining balance of EUR 3 217 028 040.74.The dividend will be paid out to shareholders by the custodian banks via Clearstream Banking AG from April 12  2023. The settlement agent is Citibank Europe plc. As the dividend is to be paid in full from the tax contribution account in accordance with § 27 (""Contributions other than into nominal capital"") of the Corporation Tax Act (Körperschaftsteuer­gesetz - KStG)  payment will be made without deducting capital gains tax or the solidarity surcharge.Dividends paid to shareholders in Germany are not subject to taxation. There are no tax refunds or tax credits associated with the dividend. In the German tax authorities' view the dividend payment reduces the acquisition costs of the shares for tax purposes.Bonn  April 2023Deutsche Telekom AGThe Board of Management",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Deutsche Telekom', 'Annoucement', 'Deutsche Telekom AG', 'Securities identification code', 'unappropriated net income', 'par value share', 'Clearstream Banking AG', 'Citibank Europe plc', 'Körperschaftsteuer\xadgesetz', 'tax contribution account', 'Corporation Tax Act', 'German tax authorities', 'capital gains tax', 'tax refunds', 'tax credits', 'tax purposes', 'nominal capital', '2022 financial year', 'dividend rights', 'remaining balance', 'custodian banks', 'settlement agent', 'solidarity surcharge', 'acquisition costs', 'The Board', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Bonn', 'ISIN', 'Dividendannouncement', 'April', 'use', 'payment', 'accordance', 'Contributions', 'KStG', 'Dividends', 'Germany', 'taxation', 'shares', 'Management']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22613,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/11/2644069/0/en/Decision-Intelligence-Market-to-hit-25-Bn-by-2032-Says-Global-Market-Insights-Inc.html,Decision Intelligence Market to hit $25 Bn by 2032  Says Global Market Insights Inc.,Major decision intelligence market participants include Advanced Micro Devices  Inc.  Baidu  Inc.  AiCure LLC  Arm Limited  H2O.ai  Inc.  Ayasdi AI LLC  Clarifai  Inc.  and Enlitic  Inc. Major decision intelligence market participants include Advanced Micro D…,Selbyville  Delaware  April 11  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --The decision intelligence market valuation is predicted to reach USD 25 billion by 2032  as reported in a research study by Global Market Insights Inc .Enterprises are focusing on eliminating human intervention for taking critical decisions based on incomplete data which is expanding the use of technology to forecast an intelligent solution  fueling the business revenue. Digitization in BFSI sector offers new opportunities to the industry players to develop innovative decision intelligence products and services  which is predictable to boost the market's demand. For instance  in June 2022 Quantexa  a leading worldwide supplier of Contextual Decision Intelligence solutions  announced the introduction of its inaugural Partner Program  a global framework to better support the growth and success of its consulting  delivery  technology  and data partners from the banking  government  insurance  and telecommunications sectors.The decision intelligence market from solution segment held over 25% revenue share in 2022  as more businesses integrate new capabilities to give asset managers the intelligence that they need to analyze market trends  better understand consumer behavior  and make better decisions about fund distribution for improved outcomes. For instance  in April 2022  FNZ  the global wealth management platform  and Clearstream  the post-trade services provider  partnered to significantly enhance support for asset managers by significantly increasing transparency across the entire industry through the launch of a new cutting-edge business intelligence solution for the UK and European asset management market.Request for a sample of this research report @ https://www.gminsights.com/request-sample/detail/5445The decision intelligence market from on-premises segment was over 30% of revenue share in 2022. The value of decision intelligence technology is found in its capacity to compile big  unrelated data sets  evaluate them  and provide useful information. Although cloud applications offer scale and cost benefits  they offer universal functionality and limited customization  which increases the preference for on-premises decision intelligence systems. Additionally  the increasing deployment of on-premises decision intelligence solutions and platforms by larger companies for tailored services and technology to retrieve data from specific sources is set to influence the market growth.The decision intelligence market from the small/medium segment is poised to surpass USD 10 billion by 2032. Decision intelligence is vital for SMEs as they seek realistic  data-driven solutions to simplify complicated decisions in mission-critical areas such as conversion rates  client retention  resource allocation  task management  supply chain efficiency  and profitability. Similarly  growing product uptake to obtain real-time data insights and streamline critical company processes and data management will propel the market expansion.The decision intelligence market from logistics optimization segment will witness 10% CAGR through 2032. The logistics industry is one of the sectors with the greatest number of organizations actively utilizing ML procedures since logistics companies constantly innovate and evolve in order to remain competitive. These automated solutions frequently produce better outcomes than human employees because of machines' aptitude for high-speed processing  relative objectivity  access to enormous volumes of data sources  or even absence of subjective bias toward certain options  which has raised the demand for decision intelligence for logistics optimization.Make an inquiry for purchasing this report @ https://www.gminsights.com/inquiry-before-buying/5445The decision intelligence market from healthcare segment dominated around USD 1 billion in 2022. The numerous benefits of using AI and RPA in healthcare decision intelligence  such as improved data processing for electronic health record management  user-friendly workflow for effective patient care  and improved healthcare professionals' decision-making abilities  are projected to result in increased use of decision intelligence till 2032. Moreover  increasing investments in integrating cutting-edge AI and ML technologies to improve outcomes are expected to promote the market revenue.Europe decision intelligence market accounted for 25% revenue share by 2032  attributed to the rising penetration of AI and ML-enabled decision intelligence solutions upgrading the delivery of essential public services including healthcare  energy  and transportation. Furthermore  the UK government is transforming the public sector operations with the help of data analytics. For instance  in August 2022  Pyramid Analytics  a leading provider of decision intelligence platforms  has established a UK Public Sector Practice that will make augmented analytics available to all UK government departments  agencies  and organizations.Major players involved in the decision intelligence market include Advanced Micro Devices  Inc.  Baidu  Inc.  AiCure LLC  Arm Limited  H2O.ai  Inc.  Ayasdi AI LLC  Clarifai  Inc.  and Enlitic  Inc. These companies are largely focusing on various strategies like implementing expansion plans and improving processes.Partial chapters of report table of contents (TOC):Chapter 1 Methodology & Scope1.1 Market definition1.2 Base estimates & forecast1.3 Forecast calculations1.4 Data Sources1.4.1 Secondary1.4.2 Primary1.5 Industry GlossaryChapter 2 Executive Summary2.1 Decision Intelligence industry 360º synopsis  2018 – 20322.2 Business trends2.2.1 Total Addressable Market (TAM)2.3 Regional trends2.4 Component trends2.5 Deployment Mode trends2.6 Organization Size trends2.7 Application trends2.8 End Use trendsChapter 3 Decision Intelligence Market Insights3.1 Introduction3.2 Impact of COVID-19 outbreak3.2.1 By region3.2.1.1 North America3.2.1.2 Europe3.2.1.3 Asia Pacific3.2.1.4 Latin America3.2.1.5 Middle East & Africa3.2.2 Strategies by major players to regain pre-COVID level growth3.3 Impact analysis of Russia-Ukraine war3.4 Decision Intelligence industry ecosystem analysis3.4.1 Software Providers3.4.2 Third party service provider3.4.3 Marketing & distribution3.4.4 Post purchase service provider3.4.5 Vendor matrix3.4.6 Profit margin analysis3.5 Evolution of the Decision Intelligence market3.6 Technology & innovation landscape3.6.1 Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning3.7 Investment portfolio3.8 Patent analysis3.9 Industry news3.9.1 Partnership3.9.2 New launch3.9.3 Merger/Acquisition3.10 Regulatory landscape3.10.1 North America3.10.2 Europe3.10.3 Asia Pacific3.10.4 Latin America3.10.5 MEA3.11 Industry impact forces3.11.1 Growth drivers3.11.1.1 Increasing demand for customized product Increasing need for making fast and accurate decisions for better outcome3.11.1.2 Increasing need for multiple problem-solving options3.11.1.3 Increasing need to lower the risks associated with human decisions3.11.2 Industry pitfalls & challenges3.11.2.1 High initial cost3.11.2.2 Lack of technology knowledge among users3.11.2.3 Rise in unemployment3.12 Growth potential analysis3.13 Porter’s analysis3.13.1 Bargaining power of suppliers3.13.2 Bargaining power of buyers3.13.3 The threat of new entrants3.13.4 The threat of substitute3.13.5 Competitive rivalry3.14 PESTEL analysis3.14.1 Political3.14.2 Economic3.14.3 Social3.14.4 Technological3.14.5 Legal3.14.6 EnvironmentalBrowse our Reports Store - GMIPulse @ https://www.gminsights.com/gmipulseBrowse Related Reports:Edge AI Market Size By Component (Hardware [GPU  ASIC  CPU  FPGA]  Software  Services)  By Application (Video Surveillance  Remote Monitoring  Predictive Maintenance) By End-use  & Forecast  2023 – 2032https://www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/edge-ai-marketArtificial Intelligence in IT Operations (AIOps) Market Size By Component (Solution  Service [Professional Service  Managed Service])  By Deployment Model  By Enterprise Size  By Application (Infrastructure Management  Real-time Analytics  Network & Security Management  Application Performance Management)  By End-use & Forecast  2023 – 2032https://www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/aiops-marketAbout Global Market Insights Inc.Global Market Insights Inc.  headquartered in Delaware  U.S.  is a global market research and consulting service provider  offering syndicated and custom research reports along with growth consulting services. Our business intelligence and industry research reports offer clients with penetrative insights and actionable market data specially designed and presented to aid strategic decision making. These exhaustive reports are designed via a proprietary research methodology and are available for key industries such as chemicals  advanced materials  technology  renewable energy  and biotechnology.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.51,0.23,0.26,True,English,"['Global Market Insights Inc.', 'Decision Intelligence Market', 'new cutting-edge business intelligence solution', 'electronic health record management', 'global wealth management platform', ""healthcare professionals' decision-making abilities"", 'big, unrelated data sets', 'innovative decision intelligence products', 'Global Market Insights Inc', 'premises decision intelligence systems', 'ML-enabled decision intelligence solutions', 'UK Public Sector Practice', 'decision intelligence market valuation', 'European asset management market', 'premises decision intelligence solutions', 'public sector operations', 'realistic, data-driven solutions', 'Europe decision intelligence', 'inaugural Partner Program', 'supply chain efficiency', 'growing product uptake', 'effective patient care', 'Advanced Micro Devices', 'real-time data insights', 'leading worldwide supplier', 'critical company processes', 'essential public services', 'healthcare decision intelligence', 'decision intelligence technology', 'post-trade services provider', 'UK government departments', 'logistics optimization segment', 'premises segment', 'business revenue', 'data management', 'global framework', 'solution segment', 'task management', 'automated solutions', 'intelligent solution', 'BFSI sector', 'new opportunities', 'new capabilities', 'leading provider', 'cutting-edge AI', 'market trends', 'market expansion', 'market revenue', 'asset managers', 'intelligence platforms', 'market growth', 'small/medium segment', 'logistics industry', 'logistics companies', 'incomplete data', 'data partners', 'data sources', 'data processing', 'data analytics', 'critical decisions', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'research study', 'human intervention', 'industry players', '25% revenue share', 'consumer behavior', 'fund distribution', 'entire industry', 'useful information', 'cloud applications', 'cost benefits', 'universal functionality', 'limited customization', 'increasing deployment', 'larger companies', 'specific sources', 'mission-critical areas', 'conversion rates', 'client retention', 'resource allocation', 'greatest number', 'ML procedures', 'human employees', ""machines' aptitude"", 'high-speed processing', 'relative objectivity', 'enormous volumes', 'subjective bias', 'numerous benefits', 'user-friendly workflow', 'ML technologies', 'rising penetration', 'Pyramid Analytics', 'augmented analytics', 'Major players', 'complicated decisions', 'telecommunications sectors', 'research report', 'Selbyville', 'Delaware', 'April', 'Enterprises', 'Digitization', 'demand', 'instance', 'June', 'Quantexa', 'introduction', 'success', 'consulting', 'delivery', 'insurance', 'businesses', 'outcomes', 'FNZ', 'Clearstream', 'support', 'transparency', 'launch', 'Request', 'sample', 'gminsights', 'value', 'capacity', 'scale', 'preference', 'SMEs', 'profitability', '10% CAGR', 'organizations', 'order', 'access', 'absence', 'options', 'inquiry', 'RPA', 'increased', 'investments', 'energy', 'transportation', 'help', 'August', 'agencies']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,globenewswire.com
22614,Clearstream,Bing API,https://delano.lu/article/clearstream-creates-new-luxemb,Clearstream creates new bank based in Luxembourg,Clearstream on 12 April announced the creation of a new bank based in Luxembourg that will be dedicated to institutional fund investors: Clearstream Fund Centre S.A.,Clearstream Fund Centre will focus on serving global banking  custodian and wealth management community for international fund processing  noted the press release. The bank will operate under a commercial banking licence in Luxembourg  and is regulated under Mifid (Markets in Financial Instruments Directive).“It is at the heart of Clearstream’s mission to support the wealth management and banking community with best-in-class execution services  efficient distribution management  state-of-the-art technology and data solutions ” said Philippe Seyll  CEO of Clearstream Fund Centre. “The creation of Clearstream Fund Centre S.A. is a strong testimonial to our client dedication as well as to Luxembourg as our home and important financial centre.”The new bank will serve Clearstream’s fund execution business Vestima  providing access to more than 230 000 funds in over 50 markets  and will be closely linked with Clearstream’s other businesses in order to leverage “cross-divisional synergies” for clients  said the press release.Clearstream Fund Services  which is a segment of Clearstream  has three main business lines: Vestima (fund processing)  Fund Centre (fund distribution) and Kneip (fund data management). Clearstream is part of Deutsche Börse Group.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.53,0.47,0.0,True,English,"['new bank', 'Clearstream', 'Luxembourg', 'Clearstream Fund Centre S.A.', 'three main business lines', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'fund execution business Vestima', 'important financial centre', 'Financial Instruments Directive', 'global banking, custodian', 'commercial banking licence', 'international fund processing', 'efficient distribution management', 'fund data management', 'wealth management community', 'Clearstream Fund Services', 'execution services', 'fund distribution', 'banking community', 'data solutions', 'press release', 'art technology', 'Philippe Seyll', 'strong testimonial', 'client dedication', 'other businesses', 'divisional synergies', 'new bank', 'Luxembourg', 'Mifid', 'Markets', 'heart', 'mission', 'class', 'CEO', 'creation', 'home', 'access', '230,000 funds', 'order', 'cross', 'clients', 'segment', 'Kneip', 'part']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,delano.lu
22615,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.finextra.com/pressarticle/96413/clearstream-creates-new-bank-in-luxembourg,Clearstream creates new bank in Luxembourg,Clearstream  the global post-trading services provider  has created a new bank in Luxembourg dedicated to serving institutional fund investors: Clearstream Fund Centre S.A.,Source: ClearstreamClearstream  the global post-trading services provider  has created a new bank in Luxembourg dedicated to serving institutional fund investors: Clearstream Fund Centre S.A.The new entity operates under a commercial banking licence in Luxembourg. It will be an important cornerstone of Deutsche Börse’s and Clearstream’s Fund Services  the business segment which provides fund execution  distribution and data management.The new bank Clearstream Fund Centre S.A. will serve Clearstream’s fund execution business Vestima  providing access to more than 230 000 funds in over 50 markets. The entity is regulated under MiFID to support clients to fulfil regulatory fund requirements. Clearstream Fund Centre S.A. will be closely interlinked with Clearstream’s ICSD and CSD businesses  leveraging cross-divisional synergies for its clients.Philippe Seyll  CEO of Clearstream Fund Centre S.A.  said: “It is at the heart of Clearstream’s mission to support the wealth management and banking community with best-in-class execution services  efficient distribution management  state-of-the-art technology and data solutions. The creation of Clearstream Fund Centre S.A. is a strong testimonial to our client dedication as well as to Luxembourg as our home and important financial centre.”,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,True,English,"['new bank', 'Clearstream', 'Luxembourg', 'Clearstream Fund Centre S.A.', 'global post-trading services provider', 'fund execution business Vestima', 'important financial centre', 'institutional fund investors', 'regulatory fund requirements', 'Deutsche Börse', 'class execution services', 'commercial banking licence', 'efficient distribution management', 'Fund Services', 'business segment', 'important cornerstone', 'banking community', 'data management', 'wealth management', 'new bank', 'CSD businesses', 'cross-divisional synergies', 'Philippe Seyll', 'art technology', 'data solutions', 'strong testimonial', 'client dedication', 'new entity', 'Source', 'Luxembourg', 'access', '230,000 funds', '50 markets', 'MiFID', 'clients', 'ICSD', 'CEO', 'heart', 'mission', 'creation', 'home']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,finextra.com
22616,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.assetservicingtimes.com/assetservicesnews/custodyarticle.php?article_id=14224&navigationaction=home&page=1&newssection=Custody,Clearstream creates a new bank in Luxembourg,Clearstream Fund Centre S.A. will operate under a commercial banking licence in Luxembourg and will be interlinked with Clearstream’s ICSD and CSD businesses,Clearstream creates a new bank in LuxembourgGlobal post-trade services provider Clearstream has created a new bank in Luxembourg dedicated to serving institutional fund investors.Clearstream Fund Centre S.A. will operate under a commercial banking licence in Luxembourg and will be interlinked with Clearstream’s international central securities depository (ICSD) and central securities depository (CSD) businesses.It will serve Clearstream’s fund execution business Vestima  providing access to more than 230 000 funds in over 50 markets.Vestima provides order execution  settlement and custody services and holds a commercial banking licence via Clearstream Fund Centre S.A..The new bank will also be regulated under MiFID to support clients to fulfil regulatory fund requirements.Philippe Seyll  CEO of Clearstream Fund Centre S.A.  says: “It is at the heart of Clearstream’s mission to support the wealth management and banking community with best-in-class execution services  efficient distribution management  state-of-the-art technology and data solutions.“The creation of Clearstream Fund Centre S.A. is a strong testimonial to our client dedication as well as to Luxembourg as our home and an important financial centre.”,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,True,English,"['new bank', 'Clearstream', 'Luxembourg', 'Clearstream Fund Centre S.A.', 'Global post-trade services provider', 'international central securities depository', 'fund execution business Vestima', 'important financial centre', 'institutional fund investors', 'regulatory fund requirements', 'class execution services', 'commercial banking licence', 'efficient distribution management', 'order execution', 'custody services', 'banking community', 'wealth management', 'new bank', 'CSD) businesses', 'Philippe Seyll', 'art technology', 'data solutions', 'strong testimonial', 'client dedication', 'Luxembourg', 'access', '230,000 funds', '50 markets', 'settlement', 'MiFID', 'clients', 'CEO', 'heart', 'mission', 'creation', 'home']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,assetservicingtimes.com
22617,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,.@Clearstream creates new Luxembourg-based bank for global institutional fund investorshttps://t.co/iJho02veJ0. https://t.co/aNU14nTkLy,nan,.@Clearstream creates new Luxembourg-based bank for global institutional fund investorshttps://t.co/iJho02veJ0. https://t.co/aNU14nTkLy,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['global institutional fund investors', 'new Luxembourg-based bank', 'Clearstream', 'global institutional fund investors', 'new Luxembourg-based bank', 'Clearstream']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22618,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,also linked to the Clearstream scandal. He is BNP Paribas bank's main private share-holder; and until 2001  the mon… https://t.co/uvQPA3OlQP,nan,also linked to the Clearstream scandal. He is BNP Paribas bank's main private share-holder; and until 2001  the mon… https://t.co/uvQPA3OlQP,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['BNP Paribas bank', 'main private share-holder', 'Clearstream scandal', 'mon', 'uvQPA3OlQP', 'BNP Paribas bank', 'main private share-holder', 'Clearstream scandal', 'mon', 'uvQPA3OlQP']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22619,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,According to the official announcement  the recently established banking firm will cater to Clearstream's fund exec… https://t.co/F0ugcg3Mf4,nan,According to the official announcement  the recently established banking firm will cater to Clearstream's fund exec… https://t.co/F0ugcg3Mf4,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['official announcement', 'banking firm', 'fund exec', 'Clearstream', 'official announcement', 'banking firm', 'fund exec', 'Clearstream']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22620,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,🇱🇺 @Clearstream on 12 April announced the creation of a new bank based in #Luxembourg that will be dedicated to ins… https://t.co/R5u35MSU9r,nan,🇱🇺 @Clearstream on 12 April announced the creation of a new bank based in #Luxembourg that will be dedicated to ins… https://t.co/R5u35MSU9r,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,neutral,0.14,0.85,0.01,True,English,"['new bank', '12 April', 'creation', 'R5u35MSU9r', 'new bank', '12 April', 'creation', 'R5u35MSU9r']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22621,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream Launches New Luxembourg Bank for Fund InvestorsDeutsche Börse-owned Clearstream  which provides post-… https://t.co/M34U0CG6ua,nan,Clearstream Launches New Luxembourg Bank for Fund InvestorsDeutsche Börse-owned Clearstream  which provides post-… https://t.co/M34U0CG6ua,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['New Luxembourg Bank', 'Clearstream', 'Fund', 'Investors', 'New Luxembourg Bank', 'Clearstream', 'Fund', 'Investors']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22622,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream Launches New Luxembourg Bank for Fund Investorshttps://t.co/cx90EQbo5v,nan,Clearstream Launches New Luxembourg Bank for Fund Investorshttps://t.co/cx90EQbo5v,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['New Luxembourg Bank', 'Clearstream', 'Fund', 'Investors', 'New Luxembourg Bank', 'Clearstream', 'Fund', 'Investors']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22623,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream creates new Luxembourg-based bank for global institutional fund investorshttps://t.co/NvCdPslzp7… https://t.co/4onHm0yLPD,nan,Clearstream creates new Luxembourg-based bank for global institutional fund investorshttps://t.co/NvCdPslzp7… https://t.co/4onHm0yLPD,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['global institutional fund investors', 'new Luxembourg-based bank', 'Clearstream', 'global institutional fund investors', 'new Luxembourg-based bank', 'Clearstream']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22624,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,https://t.co/Pgbm261NJD Clearstream Launches New Luxembourg Bank for Fund Investors,nan,https://t.co/Pgbm261NJD Clearstream Launches New Luxembourg Bank for Fund Investors,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,neutral,0.03,0.97,0.0,True,English,"['New Luxembourg Bank', 'Clearstream', 'Fund', 'Investors', 'New Luxembourg Bank', 'Clearstream', 'Fund', 'Investors']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22625,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream creates a new bank in Luxembourg. Clearstream Fund Centre S.A. will operate under a commercial banking… https://t.co/248qSk6q21,nan,Clearstream creates a new bank in Luxembourg. Clearstream Fund Centre S.A. will operate under a commercial banking… https://t.co/248qSk6q21,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.01,True,English,"['Clearstream Fund Centre S.A.', 'new bank', 'commercial banking', 'Luxembourg', 'Clearstream Fund Centre S.A.', 'new bank', 'commercial banking', 'Luxembourg']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22626,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Company announcement: Clearstream creates new bank in Luxembourg https://t.co/dA2UuYLjYc #fintech,nan,Company announcement: Clearstream creates new bank in Luxembourg https://t.co/dA2UuYLjYc #fintech,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Company announcement', 'new bank', 'Clearstream', 'Luxembourg', 'fintech', 'Company announcement', 'new bank', 'Clearstream', 'Luxembourg', 'fintech']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22627,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream Creates Luxembourg-Based Bankhttps://t.co/r6cgon15KO,nan,Clearstream Creates Luxembourg-Based Bankhttps://t.co/r6cgon15KO,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Luxembourg-Based Bank', 'Clearstream', 'Luxembourg-Based Bank', 'Clearstream']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22628,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream Creates New Luxembourg-Based Bank For Global Institutional Fund Investors https://t.co/Mj9WXx1NJd,nan,Clearstream Creates New Luxembourg-Based Bank For Global Institutional Fund Investors https://t.co/Mj9WXx1NJd,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Global Institutional Fund Investors', 'New Luxembourg-Based Bank', 'Clearstream', 'co', 'Mj9WXx1NJd', 'Global Institutional Fund Investors', 'New Luxembourg-Based Bank', 'Clearstream', 'co', 'Mj9WXx1NJd']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22629,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Clearstream Launches New Luxembourg Bank for Fund InvestorsDeutsche Börse-owned Clearstream  which provides post-… https://t.co/M34U0CG6ua,nan,Clearstream Launches New Luxembourg Bank for Fund InvestorsDeutsche Börse-owned Clearstream  which provides post-… https://t.co/M34U0CG6ua,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['New Luxembourg Bank', 'Clearstream', 'Fund', 'Investors', 'New Luxembourg Bank', 'Clearstream', 'Fund', 'Investors']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22630,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/pharming-announces-first-commercial-shipments-050000063.html,Pharming announces the first commercial shipments of Joenja® (leniolisib) to patients in the U.S.,"Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces the first commercial shipments of Joenja® (leniolisib) to patients in...","LEIDEN  Netherlands  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces the first commercial shipments of Joenja® (leniolisib) to patients in the United States. Joenja®  an oral  selective PI3Kδ inhibitor  is the first and only treatment approved in the U.S. for activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS)  a rare and progressive primary immunodeficiency  in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older.Pharming Group NV logo (PRNewsfoto/Pharming Group N.V.)Under the terms of Pharming's 2019 exclusive license agreement with Novartis for leniolisib  the corresponding first commercial sale of Joenja® triggers a $10 million milestone payment by Pharming to Novartis.Stephen Toor  Chief Commercial Officer of Pharming  commented:""We are pleased to announce that the first Joenja® shipments to patients  with payor reimbursement  were delivered approximately two weeks following FDA approval  achieving an important milestone for patients suffering with APDS. We look forward to making Joenja® widely available across the U.S. as the first and only approved treatment for patients with APDS.""About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that was first characterized in 2013. APDS is caused by variants in either one of two identified genes known as PIK3CD or PIK3R1  which are vital to the development and function of immune cells in the body. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway  which causes immune cells to fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation.1 2 3 APDS is characterized by a variety of symptoms  including severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.4 5 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  it has been reported that people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.6 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.4-7 A definitive diagnosis can be made through genetic testing. APDS affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million worldwide.Story continuesAbout Joenja® (leniolisib)Joenja® (leniolisib) is an oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kẟ) inhibitor approved in the US as the first and only targeted treatment of activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS) in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older. Joenja® inhibits the production of phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate  which serves as an important cellular messenger and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Results from a randomized  placebo-controlled Phase II/III clinical trial demonstrated clinical efficacy of Joenja® in the co-primary endpoints; demonstrating statistically significant impact on immune dysregulation and normalization of immunophenotype within these patients  and interim open label extension data has supported the safety and tolerability of long-term Joenja® administration.8 Leniolisib is currently under regulatory review by the European Medicines Agency  with plans to pursue further regulatory approvals in the UK  Canada  Australia and Japan. Leniolisib is also being evaluated in a Phase III clinical trial in children aged 4 to 11 with APDS  with a further trial planned in children aged 1 to 6 years with APDS. For information about Joenja®  visit: Joenja.comAbout Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn .Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.References1. Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15(1):88-97.2. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218.3. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687.4. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606.5. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543.6. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019;May 21.7. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338.8. RAO VK  et al Blood. 2023 Mar 2;141(9):971-983.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlUS PREthan MetelenisE: Ethan.Metelenis@precisionvh.comT: +1 (917) 882 9038EU PRClaire DobbsE: claire.dobbs@solarishealth.comT: +44 7864 640093Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2003587/Pharming_Group_Logo.jpgCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-announces-the-first-commercial-shipments-of-joenja-leniolisib-to-patients-in-the-us-301793545.htmlSOURCE Pharming Group",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.3,0.56,True,English,"['first commercial shipments', 'U.S.', 'Pharming', 'Joenja®', 'leniolisib', 'patients', 'randomized, placebo-controlled Phase II/III clinical trial', 'oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'interim open label extension data', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'PRNewsfoto/Pharming Group N.V.', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'oral, selective PI3Kδ inhibitor', 'Pharming Group NV logo', 'corresponding first commercial sale', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'Chief Commercial Officer', '2019 exclusive license agreement', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'first commercial shipments', '$10 million milestone payment', 'important cellular messenger', 'European Medicines Agency', 'protein replacement therapies', 'two identified genes', 'permanent lung damage', 'progressive primary immunodeficiency', 'long-term Joenja® administration', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'first Joenja® shipments', 'clinical efficacy', 'small molecules', 'PI3Kẟ) inhibitor', 'important milestone', 'primary endpoints', 'PI3Kδ) syndrome', 'progressive disease', 'precision medicines', 'gene therapies', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'United States', 'U.S.', 'Stephen Toor', 'payor reimbursement', 'FDA approval', 'immune cells', 'definitive diagnosis', 'genetic testing', 'cell functions', 'cell survival', 'significant impact', 'regulatory review', 'regulatory approvals', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'early to', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'press release', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'Forward-looking Statements', '1 to 2 people', 'cytokine production', 'immune dysregulation', 'late-stage development', 'actual results', 'targeted treatment', '1 to 6 years', 'pediatric patients', 'LEIDEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Nasdaq', 'APDS', 'adult', 'terms', 'Novartis', 'leniolisib', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'body', 'hyperactivity', 'variety', 'symptoms', 'lymphoproliferation', 'autoimmunity', 'enteropathy', 'conditions', 'time', 'lymphoma', 'Story', 'multitude', 'differentiation', 'angiogenesis', 'metabolism', 'normalization', 'immunophenotype', 'safety', 'tolerability', 'plans', 'UK', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'children', 'information', 'lives', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'use', 'phrases', 'ambition']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22631,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/veon-appoints-pricewaterhousecoopers-accountants-n-090000748.html,VEON appoints PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. as auditors for VEON Group,VEON appoints PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. as auditors for VEON Group Amsterdam  Netherlands  11 April 2023: VEON Ltd. (Nasdaq: VEON  Euronext...,VEON Ltd.VEON appoints PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. as auditors for VEON GroupAmsterdam  Netherlands  11 April 2023: VEON Ltd. (Nasdaq: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) (“VEON” or  together with its subsidiaries  the “Group”)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces that  further to its announcement on January 11  2023 regarding the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. (“PwC”) as the Dutch statutory financial statement auditors for the year ended December 31  2022  VEON has now also appointed PwC as the independent registered public accounting firm for the audit of the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2022 in accordance with the standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.Story continuesContact InformationVEONGroup Director Investor RelationsNik Kershawir@veon.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.25,0.62,True,English,"['PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.', 'VEON Group', 'auditors', 'independent registered public accounting firm', 'Public Company Accounting Oversight Board', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'Dutch statutory financial statement auditors', 'VEON Group Director Investor Relations', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.', 'consolidated financial statements', 'global digital operator', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'forward-looking statement', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'United States', '200 million customers', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'Nik Kershaw', 'unanticipated events', 'Contact Information', 'VEON Ltd', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'Nasdaq', 'subsidiaries', 'announcement', 'January', 'appointment', 'PwC', 'year', 'accordance', 'standards', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'Section', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'circumstances', 'Story']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22632,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/upward-adjustment-expectations-2023-063000689.html,Upward adjustment of expectations for 2023,Nasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock Exchange Euronext DublinOther stakeholders Date 11 April 2023 Upward adjustment of expectations for 2023 Ringkjøbing Landbobank...,Ringkjøbing Landbobank A/SNasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock ExchangeEuronext DublinOther stakeholdersDate 11 April 2023Upward adjustment of expectations for 2023Ringkjøbing Landbobank is upwardly adjusting its expectations for core earnings and net profit for 2023.The expectations for core earnings are upwardly adjusted from the DKK 1 700 - 2 100 million range to the DKK 2 000 - 2 400 million range and the expectations for net profit for the year are upwardly adjusted from the DKK 1 200 - 1 600 million range to the DKK 1 400 - 1 800 million range.The background for the upward adjustment is primarily a more satisfactory income flow than expected  due to rising interest rates and a continued satisfactory increase in customer numbers.In addition  the credit quality of the bank’s loans portfolio remains high  and a very satisfactory loss level was also noted in the first quarter of 2023.The quarterly report for the first quarter of 2023 will be published on 26 April 2023  as previously announced.Yours sincerelyRingkjøbing LandbobankJohn FiskerCEOAttachment,positive,0.61,0.35,0.04,mixed,0.64,0.03,0.34,True,English,"['Upward adjustment', 'expectations', '2023', 'DKK 1,700 - 2,100 million range', 'DKK 2,000 - 2,400 million range', 'DKK 1,200 - 1,600 million range', 'DKK 1,400 - 1,800 million range', 'John Fisker CEO Attachment', 'Ringkjøbing Landbobank A/S', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Other stakeholders Date', 'rising interest rates', 'satisfactory income flow', 'satisfactory loss level', 'satisfactory increase', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Upward adjustment', 'core earnings', 'net profit', 'customer numbers', 'credit quality', 'loans portfolio', 'first quarter', 'quarterly report', 'April', 'expectations', 'year', 'background', 'addition']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22633,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/lectra-lectra-confirms-eligibility-pea-072800074.html,LECTRA: Lectra confirms its eligibility for PEA-PME scheme,Lectra confirms its eligibility for PEA-PME scheme Paris  April 11  2023 – Lectra (FR0000065484 LSS)  a company listed on the regulated market Euronext Paris...,LECTRALectra confirms its eligibility for PEA-PME schemeParis  April 11  2023 – Lectra (FR0000065484 LSS)  a company listed on the regulated market Euronext Paris (compartment B)  confirms  based on the consolidated financial statements of its last fiscal year ended December 31  2022  its eligibility for inclusion in French SME equity savings plans “PEA-PME” for the next twelve months.Lectra complies with the criteria for the inclusion of companies in the PEA-PME savings plans set in Article L.221-32-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  i.e. having less than 5 000 employees and a total revenue below 1 5 billion euros or total assets below 2 billion euros.As a consequence  investment in Lectra shares can be made through PEA-PME savings accounts  relief specifically applicable to investments in small and mid-cap companies  benefiting from the same tax advantages as the traditional Equity Savings Plan (PEA).As a major player in the fashion  automotive and furniture markets  Lectra contributes to the Industry 4.0 revolution with boldness and passion by providing best-in-class technologies.The group offers industrial intelligence solutions - software  equipment  data and services - that facilitate the digital transformation of the companies it serves. In doing so  Lectra helps its customers push boundaries and unlock their potential. The group is proud to state that its 2 500 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators.Founded in 1973  Lectra reported revenues of 522 million euros in 2022 and is listed on Euronext (LSS).For more information  please visit www.lectra.com .Lectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – www.lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with capital of €37 788 949 • RCS Paris B 300 702 305Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.68,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['PEA-PME scheme', 'LECTRA', 'eligibility', 'A French Société Anonyme', 'French SME equity savings plans', 'traditional Equity Savings Plan', 'PEA-PME savings plans', 'last fiscal year', 'next twelve months', 'PEA-PME savings accounts', 'same tax advantages', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'three core values', 'consolidated financial statements', 'RCS Paris B', 'French Monetary', 'Financial Code', 'PEA-PME scheme', 'total revenue', '1,5 billion euros', 'total assets', '2 billion euros', 'major player', 'furniture markets', 'Industry 4.0 revolution', 'class technologies', 'digital transformation', 'minded thinkers', 'trusted partners', 'passionate innovators', '522 million euros', 'World Headquarters', 'rue Chalgrin', 'mid-cap companies', 'Euronext Paris', 'Lectra shares', 'eligibility', 'April', 'LSS', 'company', 'compartment', 'inclusion', 'criteria', 'Article', 'less', '5 000 employees', 'consequence', 'investment', 'relief', 'small', 'fashion', 'automotive', 'boldness', 'group', 'software', 'equipment', 'data', 'services', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'potential', '2,500 employees', 'open', 'revenues', 'information', 'France', 'Tel.', 'capital', 'Attachment']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22634,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/euronext-announces-highest-cash-volumes-160000261.html,Euronext announces highest cash volumes in a year in March 2023,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+33 1 70 48 24 45Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan...,"EuronextContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces highest cash volumes in a year in March 2023Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 11 April 2023 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced trading volumes for March 2023.Euronext reached the third highest equity value traded in history on 17 March with €27.6 billion traded  following an uptick in volatility. Over March 2023  €12.7 billion of average daily traded volumes was reported on Euronext markets  the highest level in 12 months. During this time  Euronext reinforced its position as the venue of price formation in Europe1 thanks to its continued superior market quality.Q1 2023 also marks the 1 million lots traded of the CAC 40 Total Return Future since its inception in October 2018  followed by two monthly volume records in a row  with average daily volume of 3 626 lots traded in January 2023 and 4 222 lots traded in February 2023. These volumes demonstrate the attractiveness of this innovative derivative product.Monthly and historical volume tables are available at this address:https://euronext.com/investor-relations#monthly-volumesCONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 CLSegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Corporate  Paris) +33 1 70 48 24 45 smound@euronext.com Coralie Patri (Europe – Corporate Services)+33 7 88 34 27 44 cpatri@euronext.com ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed issuers and around €6.8 trillion in market capitalisation as of end March 2023  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.Story continuesFor the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.1 Based on BMLL dataAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.17,0.15,0.68,True,English,"['highest cash volumes', 'Euronext', 'year', 'March', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'CAC 40 Total Return Future', 'two monthly volume records', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'average daily traded volumes', 'average daily volume', 'total product offering', 'historical volume tables', 'superior market quality', 'innovative derivative product', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'Clément Kubiak', 'unmatched blue-chip franchise', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'global capital markets', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'highest cash volumes', 'main regulated market', 'intellectual property rights', 'third highest equity', 'Euronext N.V.', 'trading volumes', 'The Euronext Group', 'market capitalisation', 'The Group', 'market operator', 'highest level', 'junior markets', 'personal data', 'transparent equity', 'funds listings', 'third parties', 'derivatives markets', 'Euronext markets', 'price formation', 'Marianne Aalders', 'Pascal Brabant', 'Sandra Machado', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Sarah Mound', 'Coralie Patri', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', '1,930 listed issuers', 'largest centre', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'latest news', 'press release', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'applicable rules', 'European Parliament', 'applicable natio', 'Euronext Clearing', 'proprietary rights', 'Corporate Services', '1 million lots', 'end March', 'information purposes', '3,626 lots', '4,222 lots', '17 March', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'year', '11 April', 'history', 'uptick', 'volatility', '12 months', 'time', 'position', 'venue', 'Europe1', 'continued', 'Q1', 'inception', 'October', 'January', 'February', 'attractiveness', 'address', 'investor-relations', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'exchanges', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'order', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR', '70']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22635,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/teleperformance-makes-fortune-list-100-125700956.html,Teleperformance Makes Fortune List of '100 Best Companies to Work For' in U.S.,Fortune magazine and Great Place to Work® have named Teleperformance operations in the U.S. among one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For® in 2023. This is...,"NEW YORK  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Fortune magazine and Great Place to Work® have named Teleperformance operations in the U.S. among one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For® in 2023. This is the first year that Teleperformance U.S. operations has been named to this prestigious list  which annually recognizes the best companies to work for in the country.Teleperformance (PRNewsfoto/Teleperformance)""We are honored to be recognized by Fortune as a dynamic and standout employer "" said Mike Lytle  Chief Executive Officer  Teleperformance  U.S. operations. ""Our leadership team has worked tirelessly to create a dynamic  inclusive and supportive work environment that acknowledges the unique strengths each of our associates has in delivering amazing experiences for our clients and their customers.""Teleperformance provides global digital business services  blending the best of advanced technology with human empathy to deliver enhanced customer experiences that are simpler  faster and safer for clients and their customers. Teleperformance and its group of specialized services companies has more than 30 000 employees across the U.S. who are part of a global family of 410 000 employees worldwide. Nearly three-quarters of Teleperformance U.S. employees work from home.The Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list is highly competitive and is based on an analysis of survey responses from Teleperformance employees across the U.S. and North America  including employees for Teleperformance  Health Advocate  LanguageLine Solutions  AllianceOne and Senture. Together  the group of companies serving the U.S. were assessed on how well they create a strong employee experience through programs and practices that supported employee well-being  inclusion  purpose  listening and care wherever their employees are.The Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For list is just one of the latest workplace accolades Teleperformance has received. The company was named among the World's Best Workplaces 2022 by Great Place to Work and Fortune magazine. It also was named to PEOPLE's annual list of 100 Companies that Care for 2022.Story continuesTeleperformance in the U.S. is currently hiring more than 7 000 positions across the country. Positions range from full- to part-time  with day and evening shifts available. Interested candidates can visit teleperformance.com/en-us/careers/ to apply.ABOUT TELEPERFORMANCE GROUPTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  a global leader in outsourced digital integrated business services  serves as a strategic partner to the world's largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. More than 410 000 employees  based in 91 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 300 languages and 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the ""Simpler  Faster  Safer"" process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry's highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2022  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €8 154 million (US$8.6 billion  based on €1 = $1.05) and net profit of €645 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350  MSCI Global Standard and Euronext Tech Leaders. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the CAC 40 ESG since September 2022  the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019  the FTSE4Good index since 2018 and the S&P Global 1200 ESG index since 2017.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformanceCisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/teleperformance-makes-fortune-list-of-100-best-companies-to-work-for-in-us-301793527.htmlSOURCE Teleperformance",neutral,0.13,0.87,0.0,mixed,0.67,0.25,0.08,True,English,"['Fortune List', '100 Best Companies', 'U.S.', 'Teleperformance', 'unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach', 'One Office support services model', 'reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'S&P Global 1200 ESG index', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'digital integrated business services', 'global digital business services', 'Corporate Social Responsibility excellence', 'Euronext Tech Leaders', 'The Fortune 100 Best Companies', 'S&P Europe', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'Teleperformance U.S. operations', 'optimized business processes', 'specialized services companies', 'Euronext Paris market', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'latest workplace accolades', 'successful customer interaction', 'deferred settlement service', 'Teleperformance U.S. employees', 'enhanced customer experiences', 'strong employee experience', 'supportive work environment', 'unique strengths', 'digital solutions', 'FTSE4Good index', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'global family', 'global leader', 'LanguageLine Solutions', 'Teleperformance operations', 'amazing experiences', 'employee well-being', 'largest companies', 'Fortune magazine', 'NEW YORK', 'Great Place', 'first year', 'standout employer', 'Mike Lytle', 'leadership team', 'advanced technology', 'human empathy', 'survey responses', 'North America', 'Health Advocate', 'evening shifts', 'Interested candidates', 'strategic partner', 'many industries', 'Safer"" process', 'highest security', 'quality standards', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'original content', 'Teleperformance shares', 'SOURCE Teleperformance', 'dynamic, inclusive', 'TEP FP', 'prestigious list', 'annual list', 'Teleperformance employees', 'TELEPERFORMANCE GROUP', '100 Companies', '30,000 employees', '410,000 employees', '® list', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'country', 'associates', 'clients', 'customers', 'three-quarters', 'home', 'analysis', 'AllianceOne', 'Senture', 'programs', 'practices', 'inclusion', 'purpose', 'listening', 'care', 'company', 'World', 'Workplaces', 'PEOPLE', 'Story', '7,000 positions', 'part-time', 'day', 'ISIN', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', 'end', 'More', '91 countries', 'billions', 'connections', '300 languages', '170 markets', 'commitment', 'Simpler', 'mission', 'use', 'compliance', 'industry', 'area', 'September', 'information', 'Twitter', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', '100-best-companies', '2022']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22636,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sarah-dib-appointed-general-counsel-060000368.html,Sarah Dib is appointed General Counsel of Vallourec,Sarah Dib is appointed General Counsel of Vallourec Meudon (France)  11 April 2023 – Vallourec announces that Sarah Dib has been appointed Group General...,"VALLOURECSarah Dib is appointed General Counsel of VallourecMeudon (France)  11 April 2023 – Vallourec announces that Sarah Dib has been appointed Group General Counsel. She succeeds Nathalie Joannes and joins the Executive Committee.Sarah Dib joined the Group in January 2023 as Head of Legal Affairs in charge of corporate governance and stock exchange law and Secretary to the Board of Directors  after having worked for several years as a lawyer in international law offices.Philippe Guillemot  Chairman of the Board of Directors & CEO  said: ""I am delighted to announce Sarah’s expanded role as the Group’s General Counsel. Her corporate and stock exchange law expertise and international experience will help accelerate the implementation of the New Vallourec plan”.About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 16 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service. In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.For further information  please contact:Investor relationsInvestor.relations@vallourec.comPress relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50heloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.comIndividual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 800 505 110actionnaires@vallourec.comStory continuesAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.61,0.39,0.01,True,English,"['Sarah Dib', 'General Counsel', 'Vallourec', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'Héloïse Rothenbühler', 'cutting edge R&D', 'new generation power plants', 'stock exchange law expertise', 'new technological frontiers', 'premium tubular solutions', 'demanding industrial applications', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'smart tubular solutions', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Toll Free Number', 'international law offices', 'New Vallourec plan', 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'Group General Counsel', 'international experience', 'Nathalie Joannes', 'Executive Committee', 'Legal Affairs', 'several years', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'world leader', 'energy markets', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid', 'Next 150 indices', 'United States', 'Individual shareholders', 'Sarah Dib', 'Press relations', 'corporate governance', 'Ticker VK', 'Investor relations', 'Vallourec Vallourec', 'Meudon', 'France', 'April', 'January', 'Head', 'charge', 'Secretary', 'Board', 'Directors', 'lawyer', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'role', 'implementation', 'oil', 'challenging', 'close', '16,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'hand', 'customers', 'tubes', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'information', 'Tel', 'rothenbuhler', 'Story', 'Attachment', '33']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22637,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/teco-2030-webcast-live-virtualinvestorconferences-110000180.html,TECO 2030 to Webcast Live at VirtualInvestorConferences.com April 13th,Company invites individual and institutional investors  as well as advisors and analysts  to attend real-time  interactive presentations on...,Virtual Investor ConferencesCompany invites individual and institutional investors  as well as advisors and analysts  to attend real-time  interactive presentations on VirtualInvestorConferences.comLYSAKER  Norway  April 11  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- TECO 2030 (OTCQX: TECFF OSE: TECO)  based in Norway  focused on fuel cell technology for maritime and heavy-duty applications  today announced that Tore Enger  Group CEO  will present live at the Technology Investor Forum  hosted by VirtualInvestorConferences.com  on April 13th  2023.DATE: April 13th  2023TIME: 11:30 - 12:00 PM ETLINK: https://tinyurl.com/2s3mtpb3Available for 1x1 meetings:April 13th: 12pm-3pm ETApril 14th: 9am-1pm ETApril 21st: 8am – 11am ETThis will be a live  interactive online event where investors are invited to ask the company questions in real-time. If attendees are not able to join the event live on the day of the conference  an archived webcast will also be made available after the event.It is recommended that investors pre-register and run the online system check to expedite participation and receive event updates.Learn more about the event at www.virtualinvestorconferences.com .Some key financial highlights:Primary listed on Euronext Growth at Oslo Stock Exchange since October 2020. Secondary listings in Germany and on OTCQX in New York.Raised approx. MEUR 28 - in equity  approx. MEUR 8 - in convertible bond and been granted approx. MEUR 17.5 - from Innovation Norway  Horizon Europe  ENOVA among others.Outstanding quotes represent approx. EUR 500 million.Approx. 20% of shareholders represent German Retail Investors  TECO Group holds approx. 30%  SunHydrogen (strategic investor) holds approx. 8% and family offices hold approx. 12%.Expected EBITDA positive in 2024.Some key operational highlights:First fuel cell stack has been produced and launched  AVL test lab office  Vancouver  December 2022. More units are under construction.Building Europe’s first Gigafactory for production of 400kW Fuel Cell Modules  production goals of 400MW in 2025 increasing to 1GW in 2028. Start of manual production mid-Q2 2023.Production equipment contracted with thyssenkrupp Automation Engineering GmbH. Commissioning expected H1 2024.Core team at Gigafactory already onboard built on previous experience from REC Solar’s activities in the same building from 2008-2012.Unique Fuel Cell IP and industrial development processes deployed together with AVL List GmbH.A Standard fuel cell module which can be utilized for heavy duty applications such as ships  ferry’s  construction sites  mining  data centers among others.Pilot container in operation during Q4 2023 for Implenia Norway  a subsidiary of Implenia AG.HyEkoTank project co-funded by Horizon Europe and Shell with MEUR 10 -. Fuel Cell retrofit installation on product tanker in 2024.Currently completing a feasibility study together with AVL for potentially industrializing a heavy-duty truck FC module which utilizes TECO 2030 100kW stacks.Story continuesAbout TECO 2030TECO 2030 is building up Europe's first Giga production facility of hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks and modules in Narvik  Norway. The production capacity will be built up through 2023 and early 2024  targeting an output capacity of 120 MW of fuel cells in 2024  400 MW in 2025 and 1.6 GW in 2030.TECO 2030 is a Norwegian based clean tech company developing zero-emission technology for the maritime and heavy industry. We are developing PEM hydrogen fuel cell stacks and PEM hydrogen fuel cell modules  that enable ships and other heavy-duty applications to become emissions-free. The company is listed on Euronext Growth on Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker TECO and in New York  OTCQX under the ticker TECFF. TECO2030 is a spinoff from TECO Maritime Group  a group that has provided technology and services to the global shipping industry since 1994. For more information  please visit www.teco2030.no.About Virtual Investor Conferences®Virtual Investor Conferences (VIC) is the leading proprietary investor conference series that provides an interactive forum for publicly traded companies to seamlessly present directly to investors.Providing a real-time investor engagement solution  VIC is specifically designed to offer companies more efficient investor access. Replicating the components of an on-site investor conference  VIC offers companies enhanced capabilities to connect with investors  schedule targeted one-on-one meetings and enhance their presentations with dynamic video content. Accelerating the next level of investor engagement  Virtual Investor Conferences delivers leading investor communications to a global network of retail and institutional investors.CONTACTS:TECO 2030Tore EngerGroup CEO+47 920 83 800Tore.enger@teco2030.noVirtual Investor ConferencesJohn M. ViglottiSVP Corporate Services  Investor AccessOTC Markets Group(212) 220-2221johnv@otcmarkets.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.75,0.13,0.12,True,English,"['TECO', 'Webcast', 'VirtualInvestorConferences', 'April', 'A Standard fuel cell module', 'hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks', 'PEM hydrogen fuel cell stacks', 'Norwegian based clean tech company', 'PEM hydrogen fuel cell modules', 'leading proprietary investor conference series', 'Unique Fuel Cell IP', 'Fuel Cell retrofit installation', '400kW Fuel Cell Modules', 'First fuel cell stack', 'heavy-duty truck FC module', 'AVL test lab office', 'first Giga production facility', 'real-time investor engagement solution', 'live, interactive online event', 'fuel cell technology', 'Tore Enger Group CEO', 'leading investor communications', 'online system check', 'key financial highlights', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'key operational highlights', 'Automation Engineering GmbH', 'industrial development processes', 'dynamic video content', 'John M. Viglotti', 'Virtual Investor Conferences', 'TECO 2030 100kW stacks', 'AVL List GmbH', 'other heavy-duty applications', 'OTC Markets Group', 'efficient investor access', 'heavy duty applications', 'global shipping industry', 'SVP Corporate Services', 'Technology Investor Forum', 'real-time, interactive presentations', 'German Retail Investors', 'fuel cells', 'TECO Maritime Group', 'interactive forum', 'heavy industry', 'strategic investor', 'first Gigafactory', 'global network', 'company questions', 'zero-emission technology', 'production goals', 'manual production', 'Production equipment', 'production capacity', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', '1x1 meetings', 'Euronext Growth', 'Secondary listings', 'New York', 'convertible bond', 'Outstanding quotes', 'TECO Group', 'family offices', 'More units', 'Core team', 'previous experience', 'REC Solar', 'same building', 'data centers', 'Pilot container', 'Implenia AG', 'HyEkoTank project', 'product tanker', 'feasibility study', 'output capacity', 'enhanced capabilities', 'one meetings', 'next level', 'event updates', 'Horizon Europe', 'Building Europe', 'institutional investors', 'TECFF OSE', 'VirtualInvestorConferences.com', 'construction sites', 'Innovation Norway', 'Implenia Norway', 'individual', 'advisors', 'analysts', 'LYSAKER', 'April', 'OTCQX', '9am', '8am', '11am', 'attendees', 'day', 'webcast', 'participation', 'Primary', 'October', 'Germany', 'equity', 'MEUR', 'ENOVA', 'others', 'shareholders', 'SunHydrogen', 'EBITDA', 'Vancouver', 'December', '400MW', '1GW', 'Start', 'Q2', 'activities', 'ships', 'ferry', 'mining', 'Q4', 'subsidiary', 'Shell', 'Story', 'Narvik', '120 MW', '400 MW', '1.6 GW', 'ticker', 'TECO2030', 'spinoff', 'information', 'companies', 'components', 'CONTACTS', 'johnv', 'otcmarkets', '11:30', '12:00', '2023', '2024']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22638,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fl-entertainment-weekly-share-transactions-072100148.html,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions,Press Release Paris – 11 April 2023 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on...,FL EntertainmentPress ReleaseParis – 11 April 2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 3 April to 7 April 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 30 June 2022.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-04-03 BUY 750 9.192667 6 894.50 XAMS 2023-04-03 SELL 593 9.391062 5 568.90 XAMS 2023-04-04 SELL 41 9.400000 385.40 XAMS 2023-04-05 SELL 213 9.473944 2 017.95 XAMS 2023-04-06 BUY 50 9.500000 475.00 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaQ1 2023 results: 30 May 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gaming  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2022  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and Adjusted EBITDA  of €4 047m and €670m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,positive,0.71,0.29,0.01,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Q1 2023 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', '11 April', 'shares', '3 April', '7 April', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '30 June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'flentertainment', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '30 May', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'gaming', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'EBITDA', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22639,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-biocartis-group-nv-050100496.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Invitation to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting,PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION 11 April 2023  07:01 CEST Invitation to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Mechelen  Belgium  11 April 2023 – Biocartis...,Biocartis NVPRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION11 April 2023  07:01 CESTInvitation to the Annual Shareholders’ MeetingMechelen  Belgium  11 April 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  has the honor to invite its shareholders  holders of subscription rights  holders of convertible bonds  directors and statutory auditor to its annual shareholders' meeting (‘AGM’) that will be held on Friday 12 May 2023 at 2:00 p.m. CEST at the offices of the Company at Generaal de Wittelaan 11B  2800 Mechelen  Belgium.In order to be admitted to the AGM  the holders of securities issued by the Company must comply with Article 7:134 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations and the articles of association of the Company  and fulfill the formalities described in the convening notice. The convening notice and other documents relating to the AGM can be consulted on the website of the Company.--- END ---More information:Renate DegraveHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Story continuesBiocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.14,0.71,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Press release', 'Invitation', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'Generaal de Wittelaan', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'fastest growing segment', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', ""annual shareholders' meeting"", 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'accurate molecular information', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'Investor Relations Biocartis', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'individual Biocartis product', 'United States Securities', 'molecular testing', 'product labeling', 'Biocartis NV', 'The Biocartis', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Euronext Brussels', 'subscription rights', 'convertible bonds', 'statutory auditor', 'Friday 12 May', 'Belgian Code', 'convening notice', 'other documents', 'More information', 'Renate Degrave', 'Corporate Communications', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'based system', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'liver cancer', 'other countries', 'Idylla™ trademark', 'Exchange Commission', 'financial condition', 'financial effects', 'Forward-looking statements', 'future periods', 'universal access', 'current expectations', 'past trends', 'actual events', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'future events', 'future performance', 'April', 'Invitation', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'honor', 'directors', 'CEST', 'offices', 'order', 'AGM', 'Article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'formalities', 'website', 'Head', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'sample', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'lung', 'COVID', 'Flu', 'RSV', 'sepsis', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'Story', 'trademarks', 'Europe', 'logo', 'applicable', 'uses', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'persons', 'restrictions', 'responsibility', 'violation', 'offer', 'sale', 'purchase', 'America', 'registration', 'exemption', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'industry', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'technology', 'development', 'activities', 'guarantees', 'representation', 'addition', 'warranties', 'accuracy', 'fairness', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'updates', 'revisions', 'conditions', 'circumstances', '07', '2:00']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22640,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/tetragon-financial-group-limited-announcement-173000108.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement of Final Results of Tender Offer to Purchase Tetragon Non-Voting Shares,"Tetragon announces the final results of the ""modified Dutch auction"" tender offer to purchase a portion of the outstanding non-voting shares of Tetragon for ...","LONDON  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon announces the final results of the ""modified Dutch auction"" tender offer to purchase a portion of the outstanding non-voting shares of Tetragon for a maximum aggregate payment of $25 000 000 in cash. The tender offer expired at 11:59 p.m. (ET) on 6 April 2023.J.P. Morgan Securities plc (which conducts its UK investment banking business as J.P. Morgan Cazenove) acted as dealer manager for the tender offer and Computershare Investor Services PLC acted as tender agent for the tender offer. As dealer manager  J.P. Morgan determined the final purchase price at which Tetragon will purchase shares in the tender offer. As tender agent  Computershare determined the final proration factor.In accordance with the terms of the tender offer  Tetragon has accepted for purchase 2 325 574 non-voting shares at a purchase price of $10.75 per share. The aggregate cost of this purchase is $24 999 920.50  excluding fees and expenses relating to the tender offer. A total of 2 433 116 Tetragon non-voting shares were properly tendered and not properly withdrawn at or below the purchase price of $10.75 per share. Because more than $25 000 000 in value of Tetragon non-voting shares was properly tendered and not properly withdrawn  the tender offer was subject to proration pursuant to the terms of the tender offer  with appropriate adjustments to avoid purchases of fractional shares. The final proration factor  which is applicable only to shares properly tendered and not properly withdrawn at the purchase price of $10.75 per share  is 87.02%  rounded to the second decimal place.1Tetragon will promptly make payment for the shares validly tendered and accepted for purchase  which is expected to occur on or about 14 April 2023. All shares tendered and not purchased in the tender offer will be promptly returned to the tendering shareholders.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com.Story continuesTetragon: Yuko Thomas Investor Relations ir@tetragoninv.com Press Inquiries: Prosek Partners Pro-tetragon@prosek.com +44 20 3890 9193 +1 212 279 3115This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR  and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.J.P. Morgan Securities plc  which is authorised by the UK Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom  is acting exclusively for Tetragon and for no one else in connection with the tender offer and will not be responsible to anyone (whether or not recipient of the tender offer) other than Tetragon for providing the protections afforded to the clients of J.P. Morgan Securities plc or for providing advice in relation to the tender offer.1 The full final proration factor applied is 87.02095765019410%.CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-announcement-of-final-results-of-tender-offer-to-purchase-tetragon-non-voting-shares-301794696.htmlSOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.17,0.68,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement', 'Tetragon Non-Voting Shares', 'Final Results', 'Tender Offer', 'J.P. Morgan Securities plc', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'modified Dutch auction"" tender offer', 'J.P. Morgan Cazenove', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Computershare Investor Services PLC', 'UK investment banking business', 'UK Financial Conduct Authority', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'UK Prudential Regulation Authority', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'full final proration factor', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'U.S. persons', 'alternative investment fund', 'second decimal place', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'outstanding non-voting shares', 'maximum aggregate payment', 'final purchase price', '2,433,116 Tetragon non-voting shares', 'investment manager', 'Netherlands Authority', 'UK version', 'UK law', 'final results', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', '2,325,574 non-voting shares', 'aggregate cost', 'tender agent', 'dealer manager', 'appropriate adjustments', 'tendering shareholders', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'European Union', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public offer', 'public register', 'United Kingdom', 'original content', 'fractional shares', 'April', 'portion', 'cash', 'accordance', 'terms', 'fees', 'expenses', 'total', 'value', 'purchases', 'Story', 'release', 'inside', 'information', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'addition', 'investors', 'benefits', 'Section', 'connection', 'recipient', 'protections', 'clients', 'advice', 'Cision', 'financial-group-limited-announcement', 'final-results', '11:59']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22641,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/van-lanschot-kempen-share-buy-063000387.html,Van Lanschot Kempen: update on share buy-back programme 4 April 2023 – 6 April 2023,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  11 April 2023 In the period from 4 April 2023 until 6 April 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 31 502 of...,Van Lanschot Kempen NVAmsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  11 April 2023In the period from 4 April 2023 until 6 April 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 31 502 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). The shares were repurchased at an average price of €28.30 per share for a total amount of €891 553.These repurchases are part of the share buy-back programme for at most 350 000 of own shares  which was announced on 23 February 2023. The total number of shares repurchased to date is 306 080.More information  including a detailed overview of the repurchase transactions under this programme  is available on www.vanlanschotkempen.com/sharebuyback.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.Story continuesThis press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.4,0.6,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'update', 'April', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Van Lanschot Kempen NV', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'positive long-term financial', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'share buy-back programme', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'financial instrument', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'depositary receipts', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'detailed overview', 'repurchase transactions', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Management', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'More information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', '11 April', 'period', '4 April', '6 April', 'repurchases', 'part', '23 February', 'date', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'mediarelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22642,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wavestone-receives-great-place-certification-160000445.html,Wavestone Receives Great Place to Work Certification™  along with Management Consulted and Vault Designations,Wavestone received its first-ever Great Place to Work ® certification in the United States for 2022  marking a milestone as a brand in a highly competitive...,"Survey data shows 85% of employees describe Wavestone as a Great Place to WorkNEW YORK  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Wavestone received its first-ever Great Place to Work ® certification in the United States for 2022  marking a milestone as a brand in a highly competitive talent market. Great Place to Work is globally recognized as an authority on workplace culture  employee experience  and effective leadership  and provides independent company assessments based entirely on employees' feedback. The results highlighted several areas of strength at Wavestone  including honest and ethical management  a welcoming environment for new employees  and a sense of pride in the work we deliver.WavestoneWavestone was also recognized as a Top Boutique Consulting Firm for the second year running by Management Consulted  a leading resource that ranks organizations and advises on finding opportunities in the industry. Additionally  in the Vault Consulting survey  Wavestone ranked in the Top 25 globally for firms with International Opportunities in its first year of participation.""As we grow as a firm in the US  it's crucial for us to continue focusing on the entire talent lifecycle for all of our colleagues "" said Bettina Tam  HR Manager. ""We want all our employees to find meaning  through growth and opportunities  in their experience working with us – and this recognition shows that our efforts are paying off.""""It is a true honor to be named a Great Place to Work ® certified company!"" said Reza Maghsoudnia  Strategic Development Director and US Lead for Wavestone. ""We are purpose-driven as a culture and have made great strides in developing our people. The culture they create is a real strength for us  and now we're seeing the results reflected with these distinctions.""This certification means that we've been able to architect a strong culture – across different geographies and organizations that we've brought into the Wavestone fold."" he continued. ""We will continue to actively build on this progress and recruit the best talent to serve our clients.""Story continuesLearn more at www.wavestone.us..About WavestoneIn a world where knowing how to drive transformation is key to success  Wavestone's mission is to inform and guide large organizations in their most critical transformations  with the aim of a positive outcome for all stakeholders. This is anchored in the firm's DNA and embodied in our overarching values  known as ""The Positive Way.""Wavestone draws on nearly 4 000 employees across Europe  the United States  and Asia  and is a leading independent consultancy.Wavestone is listed on Euronext Paris and recognized as a Great Place to Work® and ranked in Forbes's World Best Management Consulting Firms 2022 List.More information on www.wavestone.us.CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wavestone-receives-great-place-to-work-certification-along-with-management-consulted-and-vault-designations-301794573.htmlSOURCE Wavestone",neutral,0.5,0.5,0.0,positive,0.76,0.21,0.03,True,English,"['Great Place', 'Management Consulted', 'Vault Designations', 'Wavestone', 'Certification™', 'Best Management Consulting Firms 2022 List', 'Top Boutique Consulting Firm', 'Strategic Development Director', 'competitive talent market', 'entire talent lifecycle', 'Vault Consulting survey', 'The Positive Way', 'leading independent consultancy', 'independent company assessments', 'best talent', 'Survey data', 'ethical management', 'Management Consulted', 'leading resource', 'positive outcome', 'Great Place', 'NEW YORK', 'United States', 'effective leadership', 'several areas', 'welcoming environment', 'second year', 'Bettina Tam', 'HR Manager', 'true honor', 'Reza Maghsoudnia', 'great strides', 'different geographies', 'critical transformations', 'overarching values', 'Euronext Paris', 'More information', 'original content', 'workplace culture', 'employee experience', 'first year', 'US Lead', 'real strength', 'strong culture', ""employees' feedback"", 'new employees', 'International Opportunities', 'large organizations', 'Wavestone fold', 'SOURCE Wavestone', '4,000 employees', 'PRNewswire', '® certification', 'milestone', 'brand', 'authority', 'results', 'honest', 'sense', 'pride', 'industry', 'participation', 'colleagues', 'meaning', 'growth', 'recognition', 'efforts', 'people', 'distinctions', 'progress', 'clients', 'Story', 'world', 'success', 'mission', 'aim', 'stakeholders', 'DNA', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Forbes', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'designations']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22643,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/11/2644048/0/en/Upward-adjustment-of-expectations-for-2023.html,Upward adjustment of expectations for 2023,Nasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock Exchange        Euronext DublinOther stakeholders  Date    11 April 2023  Upward adjustment of expectations for 2023 ......,English DanishNasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock ExchangeEuronext DublinOther stakeholdersDate 11 April 2023Upward adjustment of expectations for 2023Ringkjøbing Landbobank is upwardly adjusting its expectations for core earnings and net profit for 2023.The expectations for core earnings are upwardly adjusted from the DKK 1 700 - 2 100 million range to the DKK 2 000 - 2 400 million range and the expectations for net profit for the year are upwardly adjusted from the DKK 1 200 - 1 600 million range to the DKK 1 400 - 1 800 million range.The background for the upward adjustment is primarily a more satisfactory income flow than expected  due to rising interest rates and a continued satisfactory increase in customer numbers.In addition  the credit quality of the bank’s loans portfolio remains high  and a very satisfactory loss level was also noted in the first quarter of 2023.The quarterly report for the first quarter of 2023 will be published on 26 April 2023  as previously announced.Yours sincerelyRingkjøbing LandbobankJohn FiskerCEOAttachment,positive,0.61,0.35,0.04,mixed,0.64,0.03,0.34,True,English,"['Upward adjustment', 'expectations', '2023', 'DKK 1,700 - 2,100 million range', 'DKK 2,000 - 2,400 million range', 'DKK 1,200 - 1,600 million range', 'DKK 1,400 - 1,800 million range', 'John Fisker CEO Attachment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Other stakeholders Date', 'Ringkjøbing Landbobank', 'rising interest rates', 'satisfactory income flow', 'satisfactory loss level', 'satisfactory increase', 'English Danish', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Upward adjustment', 'core earnings', 'net profit', 'customer numbers', 'credit quality', 'loans portfolio', 'first quarter', 'quarterly report', 'April', 'expectations', 'year', 'background', 'addition']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,globenewswire.com
22644,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/EURONEXT-N-V-16725768/news/Euronext-announces-highest-cash-volumes-in-a-year-in-March-2023-43468876/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Euronext announces highest cash volumes in a year in March 2023,(marketscreener.com) Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+33 1 70 48 24 45Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan+39 02 72 42 62 12Oslo+47 41 69 59 10 Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45    Euronext announces …,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +33 1 70 48 24 45 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45Euronext announces highest cash volumes in a year in March 2023Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 11 April 2023 – Euronext  the leading pan-European market infrastructure  today announced trading volumes for March 2023.Euronext reached the third highest equity value traded in history on 17 March with €27.6 billion traded  following an uptick in volatility. Over March 2023  €12.7 billion of average daily traded volumes was reported on Euronext markets  the highest level in 12 months. During this time  Euronext reinforced its position as the venue of price formation in Europe1 thanks to its continued superior market quality.Q1 2023 also marks the 1 million lots traded of the CAC 40 Total Return Future since its inception in October 2018  followed by two monthly volume records in a row  with average daily volume of 3 626 lots traded in January 2023 and 4 222 lots traded in February 2023. These volumes demonstrate the attractiveness of this innovative derivative product.Monthly and historical volume tables are available at this address:https://euronext.com/investor-relations#monthly-volumesCONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 CLSegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Corporate  Paris) +33 1 70 48 24 45 smound@euronext.com Coralie Patri (Europe – Corporate Services)+33 7 88 34 27 44 cpatri@euronext.com ANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ir@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 1 930 listed issuers and around €6.8 trillion in market capitalisation as of end March 2023  it has an unmatched blue-chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter (twitter.com/euronext) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/euronext).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2023  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.1 Based on BMLL dataAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['highest cash volumes', 'Euronext', 'year', 'March', 'leading electronic fixed income trading markets', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'Euronext Securities central securities depositories', 'leading pan-European market infrastructure', 'CAC 40 Total Return Future', 'two monthly volume records', 'General Data Protection Regulation', 'average daily traded volumes', 'average daily volume', 'total product offering', 'historical volume tables', 'superior market quality', 'innovative derivative product', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund', 'Clément Kubiak', 'unmatched blue-chip franchise', 'strong diverse domestic', 'international client base', 'Exchange Traded Funds', 'global capital markets', 'multi-asset clearing house', 'applicable national laws', 'highest cash volumes', 'main regulated market', 'intellectual property rights', 'third highest equity', 'Euronext N.V.', 'trading volumes', 'The Euronext Group', 'market capitalisation', 'The Group', 'market operator', 'highest level', 'junior markets', 'personal data', 'transparent equity', 'funds listings', 'third parties', 'Euronext markets', 'derivatives markets', 'price formation', 'Marianne Aalders', 'Pascal Brabant', 'Sandra Machado', 'Andrea Monzani', 'Sarah Mound', 'Coralie Patri', 'European economies', 'sustainable growth', '1,930 listed issuers', 'largest centre', 'Euronext Clearing', 'settlement services', 'managed services', 'latest news', 'press release', 'investment activities', 'reasonable care', 'financial products', 'applicable rules', 'European Parliament', 'proprietary rights', 'Corporate Services', 'regulated exchanges', '1 million lots', 'end March', 'information purposes', '3,626 lots', '4,222 lots', '17 March', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', 'year', '11 April', 'history', 'uptick', 'volatility', '12 months', 'time', 'position', 'venue', 'Europe1', 'continued', 'Q1', 'inception', 'October', 'January', 'February', 'attractiveness', 'address', 'investor-relations', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'innovation', 'Belgium', 'France', 'Ireland', 'Italy', 'Netherlands', 'Norway', 'Portugal', 'close', 'debt', 'world', 'Equities', 'FX', 'Warrants', 'Certificates', 'Bonds', 'Commodities', 'Indices', 'custody', 'Denmark', 'expertise', 'running', 'technology', 'addition', 'number', 'access', 'SMEs', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Disclaimer', 'recommendation', 'representation', 'warranty', 'kind', 'accuracy', 'content', 'completeness', 'loss', 'damages', 'nature', 'publication', 'obligation', 'creation', 'respect', 'subsidiaries', 'interest', 'date', 'affiliates', 'trademarks', 'order', 'regard', 'processing', 'Council', '27 April', 'GDPR']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22645,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-nirsevimab-sanofi-astrazeneca-060000412.html,Press Release: Nirsevimab: Sanofi  AstraZeneca and Sobi simplify contractual agreements,Nirsevimab: Sanofi  AstraZeneca and Sobi simplify contractual agreements Modification of existing collaboration agreement with AstraZeneca gives Sanofi full ...,Sanofi - Aventis GroupeNirsevimab: Sanofi  AstraZeneca and Sobi simplify contractual agreementsModification of existing collaboration agreement with AstraZeneca gives Sanofi full commercial control of nirsevimab and enhanced agility in the U.S.Existing collaboration agreement with AstraZeneca remains in place for nirsevimab activities ex-U.S.Paris  April 11  2023. Sanofi has simplified its contractual arrangements relating to the development and commercialization of Beyfortus (nirsevimab) in the United States (U.S.).Under the new and updated arrangements  Sobi will terminate its participation agreement with AstraZeneca  and Sanofi and AstraZeneca will update the Collaboration Agreement so that Sanofi has full commercial control of nirsevimab in the U.S. Sanofi has simultaneously entered into a direct royalty agreement with Sobi to share a portion of U.S. net sales from nirsevimab.With respect to territories outside the U.S.  the existing Collaboration Agreement between AstraZeneca and Sanofi continues to govern that relationship.The new and updated contractual agreements do not impact nirsevimab registration and launch in the U.S.  where all parties remain committed to making Beyfortus available for all infants in time for the 2023/24 RSV season.About BeyfortusBeyfortus® (nirsevimab)  an investigational long-acting antibody designed to protect all infants against RSV infections from birth through their first RSV viral season with a single dose  is being co-developed by Sanofi and AstraZeneca. Beyfortus was developed to provide direct antibody protection to newborns and infants and protect them against lower respiratory tract infections caused by RSV. Monoclonal antibodies do not require activation of the immune system to confer direct and rapid protection against infection. Beyfortus has received marketing authorization in the European Union for the prevention of lower respiratory tract disease caused by RSV in neonates and infants from birth during their first RSV season.Story continuesIn March 2017  AstraZeneca and Sanofi announced an agreement for the development and commercialization of Beyfortus. Under the agreement  AstraZeneca leads all development and manufacturing activities  while Sanofi is responsible for marketing activities and revenue recognition. Under the terms of the global agreement  Sanofi has made an upfront payment of €120 million  a milestone payment of €30 million and a regulatory payment of €25 million. Sanofi shall pay up to €440 million  subject to the achievement of a certain number of regulatory and sales objectives. Both companies share costs and benefits related to the Alliance in certain territories.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni| + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.24,0.27,0.49,True,English,"['Press Release', 'contractual agreements', 'Nirsevimab', 'Sanofi', 'AstraZeneca', 'Sobi', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'lower respiratory tract disease', 'lower respiratory tract infections', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'first RSV viral season', 'U.S. net sales', 'first RSV season', 'investigational long-acting antibody', 'life-changing treatment options', 'Arnaud Delépine', '2023/24 RSV season', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'SNY Media Relations', 'full commercial control', 'direct antibody protection', 'future financial results', 'existing collaboration agreement', 'Aventis Groupe Nirsevimab', 'direct royalty agreement', 'U.S. Sanofi', 'RSV infections', 'global agreement', 'Sanofi Forward-Looking Statements', 'rapid protection', 'sales objectives', 'Investor Relations', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'forward-looking information', 'participation agreement', 'contractual agreements', 'contractual arrangements', 'United States', 'single dose', 'Monoclonal antibodies', 'immune system', 'marketing authorization', 'European Union', 'manufacturing activities', 'marketing activities', 'revenue recognition', 'upfront payment', 'milestone payment', 'one purpose', 'social responsibility', 'Corentine Driancourt', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'underlying assumptions', 'similar expressions', 'nirsevimab activities', 'updated arrangements', 'nirsevimab registration', 'regulatory payment', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Evan Berland', 'Eva Schaefer-Jansen', 'Tarik Elgoutni', 'various risks', 'product development', 'Victor Rouault', 'Felix Lauscher', 'Nathalie Pham', 'AstraZeneca', 'Sobi', 'Modification', 'agility', 'place', 'Paris', 'April', 'commercialization', 'Beyfortus', 'new', 'portion', 'respect', 'territories', 'relationship', 'launch', 'parties', 'infants', 'time', 'birth', 'activation', 'prevention', 'neonates', 'Story', 'March', 'terms', 'achievement', 'number', 'companies', 'costs', 'benefits', 'Alliance', 'miracles', 'science', 'people', 'lives', 'team', '100 countries', 'practice', 'medicine', 'impossible', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ', 'projections', 'estimates', 'plans', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'events', 'operations', 'services', 'potential', 'words', 'expects', 'believes', 'management', 'investors', 'uncertainties', 'developments']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22646,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mcphy-energy-chart-industries-expands-053000319.html,McPhy Energy: Chart Industries Expands Strategic Partnership with McPhy and Larsen & Toubro for Hydrogen-Related Equipment,Atlanta (Georgia  United States)  Mumbai (India) and Grenoble (France)  April 11  2023 - 7:30 am CEST - Chart Industries  Inc. (NYSE: GTLS)  a leading global...,MCPHY ENERGY SAAtlanta (Georgia  United States)  Mumbai (India) and Grenoble (France)  April 11  2023 - 7:30 am CEST - Chart Industries  Inc. (NYSE: GTLS)  a leading global engineering design and manufacturer of highly engineered equipment servicing multiple applications in the clean energy and industrial gas markets  today announced the furthering of its partnerships with McPhy Energy  SA (“McPhy”)  a leading electrolyzer technology and manufacturing company  and Larsen & Toubro (“L&T”)  an Indian multinational engaged in EPC Projects and Hi-Tech Manufacturing and Services. L&T recently announced their partnership with McPhy for opportunities unfolding in the green hydrogen market where McPhy has granted an exclusive license of its pressurized alkaline electrolyzer technology to L&T for manufacturing of electrolyzers  including future product upgrades. L&T plans to set up a Gigawatt-scale manufacturing facility for electrolyzers based on McPhy technology compatible with U.S. and other market requirements.Howden has a longstanding relationship with Larsen & Toubro and has a joint fabrication facility in Hazira  India for axial fans and hair-pin heaters. Additionally  Chart has a commercial memorandum of understanding (“MOU”) already established with McPhy to collaborate on hydrogen opportunities as well as work to scale up projects for hydrogen production  storage  transport and fueling in all addressable regions. Via the Chart commercial agreement with McPhy  Chart will provide hydrogen-related processes and equipment into these applications including hydrogen compression and hydrogen liquefaction.Chart’s hydrogen equipment capabilities  including compression via the Howden acquisition  combined with McPhy’s expertise in the design and manufacturing of electrolysis plants  and Larsen & Toubro’s strong local EPC presence  will allow for further penetration into the Indian market  helping to ramp up the hydrogen economy in India and support the decarbonization of the country.Story continues“We are very pleased to see the establishment of a three-way partnership which reinforces our collaboration with Chart Industries. Chart Industries and L&T occupy leading positions in two of the largest markets in the world. This alliance is a great way to leverage our respective expertise in the hydrogen market  which is starting to structure itself on a global scale ” said Jean-Baptiste Lucas  CEO of McPhy.“Our expanded partnership with McPhy and L&T demonstrates the extensive global opportunity in both liquid and gaseous hydrogen for which Chart has a broad offering  including hydrogen process  storage and transport and now  via Howden  compression  stated Jill Evanko  Chart’s CEO. “We are excited to build upon our multiyear collaborations in the industry to be the provider of hydrogen equipment to McPhy and L&T.”ABOUT CHART INDUSTRIES INC.Chart Industries  Inc. a leading independent global manufacturer of highly engineered equipment servicing multiple applications in the energy and industrial gas markets. The company’s unique product portfolio is used in every phase of the liquid gas supply chain  including upfront engineering  service and repair. Being at the forefront of the clean energy transition  Chart is a leading provider of technology  equipment and services related to liquefied natural gas  hydrogen  biogas and CO2 Capture amongst other applications. Chart is committed to excellence in environmental  social and corporate governance (ESG) issues both for its company as well as its customers. With over 25 global locations from the United States to Asia  Australia  India  Europe and South America  the company maintains accountability and transparency to its team members  suppliers  customers and communities. To learn more  visit www.chartindustries.comCONTACTInvestor RelationsJohn WalshVP  Investor relationsT. 1-770-721-8899john.walsh@chartindustries.comABOUT L&T.Larsen & Toubro is an Indian multinational engaged in EPC Projects  Hi-Tech Manufacturing and Services. It operates in over 50 countries worldwide. A strong  customer–focused approach and the constant quest for top-class quality have enabled L&T to attain and sustain leadership in its major lines of business for over eight decades.CONTACTMediaSumeet ChatterjeeHead - Corporate Brand Management & Communicationssumeet.chatterjee@larsentoubro.comABOUT MCPHYSpecialized in hydrogen production and distribution equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of low-carbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment B  ISIN code: FR0011742329  MCPHY).CONTACTS MCPHYNewCapInvestor RelationsEmmanuel HuynhT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 99mcphy@newcap.euPress relationsNicolas MerigeauT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98mcphy@newcap.euFollow us on@McPhyEnergyAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['Chart Industries', 'Strategic Partnership', 'Hydrogen-Related Equipment', 'McPhy Energy', 'Larsen', 'Toubro', 'fuel cell electric vehicles', 'industrial raw material supply', 'strong, customer–focused approach', 'pressurized alkaline electrolyzer technology', 'liquid gas supply chain', 'leading independent global manufacturer', 'leading global engineering design', 'liquefied natural gas', 'leading electrolyzer technology', 'future product upgrades', 'joint fabrication facility', 'unique product portfolio', 'industrial gas markets', 'extensive global opportunity', 'Corporate Brand Management', 'local EPC presence', 'other market requirements', 'Sumeet Chatterjee Head', 'Gigawatt-scale manufacturing facility', 'green hydrogen market', 'clean energy transition', 'Chart commercial agreement', 'hydrogen equipment capabilities', 'CHART INDUSTRIES INC', 'MCPHY ENERGY SA', 'L&T. Larsen', 'leading positions', 'industrial, mobility', 'global scale', '25 global locations', 'global deployment', 'largest markets', 'commercial memorandum', 'Indian market', 'leading provider', 'corporate governance', 'upfront engineering', 'energy sectors', 'other applications', 'hydrogen production', 'hydrogen liquefaction', 'hydrogen economy', 'gaseous hydrogen', 'hydrogen process', 'low-carbon hydrogen', 'United States', 'Indian multinational', 'EPC Projects', 'exclusive license', 'U.S.', 'longstanding relationship', 'axial fans', 'hair-pin heaters', 'addressable regions', 'hydrogen-related processes', 'electrolysis plants', 'great way', 'Jean-Baptiste Lucas', 'broad offering', 'Jill Evanko', 'multiyear collaborations', 'CO2 Capture', 'environmental, social', 'ESG) issues', 'South America', 'team members', 'Investor Relations', 'constant quest', 'top-class quality', 'major lines', 'eight decades', 'complete range', 'turnkey solutions', 'electricity surplus', 'renewable sources', 'three development', 'production centers', 'Hi-Tech Manufacturing', 'engineered equipment', 'McPhy technology', 'distribution equipment', 'multiple applications', 'hydrogen opportunities', 'respective expertise', 'CONTACT Media', 'hydrogen compression', 'Howden acquisition', 'three-way partnership', 'manufacturing company', 'John Walsh', 'Atlanta', 'Georgia', 'Mumbai', 'Grenoble', 'France', 'April', 'CEST', 'GTLS', 'furthering', 'partnerships', 'Toubro', 'Services', 'electrolyzers', 'Hazira', 'understanding', 'MOU', 'storage', 'transport', 'fueling', 'penetration', 'decarbonization', 'country', 'Story', 'establishment', 'world', 'alliance', 'CEO', 'industry', 'phase', 'repair', 'forefront', 'biogas', 'excellence', 'customers', 'Asia', 'Australia', 'Europe', 'accountability', 'transparency', 'suppliers', 'communities', 'chartindustries', 'VP', '50 countries', 'leadership', 'business', 'Communications', 'products', 'recharging', 'recovery', 'designer', 'integrator', 'Italy', 'Germany', '7:30']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22647,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/coface-sa-combined-shareholders-meeting-154500687.html,COFACE SA: Combined Shareholders’ Meeting on Tuesday 16 May 2023 at 02.00pm,COFACE SA: Combined Shareholders’ Meeting on Tuesday 16 May 2023 at 02.00pm Paris  11 April 2023 – 17.45 COFACE SA's shareholders are hereby informed that...,"Coface SACOFACE SA: Combined Shareholders’ Meeting on Tuesday 16 May 2023 at 02.00pmParis  11 April 2023 – 17.45COFACE SA's shareholders are hereby informed that the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Tuesday  16th May 2023 at 02.00pm at the Group’s headquarters and registered office:1 Place Costes et Bellonte92270 Bois-Colombes - FranceThe notice of meeting containing the agenda and draft resolutions was published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (French Bulletin of Mandatory Legal Notices - BALO) No.42 on 7 April 2023 (announcement No. 2300792).Shareholders may attend the meeting regardless of the number of shares they own  under the conditions described in the notice of meeting.We advise the shareholders to:To vote on the resolutions by post or online  using either the postal voting form or the Votaccess platform. They can also appoint the Chairman of the Shareholders’ Meeting to represent them;To submit written questions by registered letter with acknowledgement of receipt at: COFACE SA  for the attention of the Investors Relations department  1 place Costes et Bellonte  92270 Bois-Colombes  France or electronically to the following address: investors@coface.com (including evidence of their shareholding) on the 10th of May  at the latest. To be taken into account  these questions must be accompanied by a book-entry certificate justifying the share ownership.All documents that must be disclosed for this meeting will be available to the shareholders  within the legal deadlines  on COFACE SA institutional website (www.coface.com) and more precisely under ""Investors/General Assembly"" (https://www.coface.com/Investors/General-Assembly).CONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comBenoît CHASTEL: +33 1 49 02 22 28 – benoit.chastel@coface.comMEDIA RELATIONSSaphia GAOUAOUI: +33 1 49 02 14 91 – saphia.gaouaoui@coface.comCorentin HENRY: +33 1 49 02 23 94 - corentin.henry@coface.comStory continuesFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2023(subject to change)Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting 2022: 16 May 2023Q1-2023 results: 25 May 2023 (after market close)H1-2023 results: 10 August 2023 (after market close)9M-2023 results: 14 November 2023 (after market close)FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website:http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for H1-2022 and our 2022 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust. You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com.COFACE: FOR TRADEWith more than 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is one of the leader in trade credit insurance and adjacent specialty services  including Factoring  Single Risk insurance  Bonding and Information services. Coface’s experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping ~50 000 clients build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses across the world. Coface helps companies in their credit decisions. The Group's services and solutions strengthen their ability to sell by protecting them against the risks of non-payment in their domestic and export markets. In 2022  Coface employed ~4 721 people and registered a turnover of €1.81 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Mnémonique : COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 “Main risk factors and their management within the Group” of the Coface Group's 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 6 April 2023 under the number D.23-0244 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.19,0.19,0.61,True,English,"['Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'COFACE SA', 'Tuesday 16\xa0May', '02.00pm', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Euronext Paris Code ISIN', 'Key financial performance indicators', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'COFACE SA institutional website', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'postal voting form', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'extensive international network', 'Single Risk insurance', 'Interim Financial Report', 'Mandatory Legal Notices', 'Benoît CHASTEL', 'Main risk factors', 'integral regulatory information', 'trade credit insurance', 'adjacent specialty services', 'Costes et Bellonte', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Investors Relations department', 'The Coface Group', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'legal deadlines', 'benoit.chastel', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'FOR TRADE', 'credit decisions', 'many factors', 'major factors', 'The Group', 'regulated information', 'Information services', 'new information', 'registered office', '1 Place Costes', 'Votaccess platform', 'following address', 'book-entry certificate', 'share ownership', 'Investors/General Assembly', 'Corentin HENRY', 'corentin.henry', 'Q1-2023 results', 'H1-2023 results', '9M-2023 results', 'press release', 'blockchain technology', 'global economy', 'export markets', 'Compartment A', 'Mnémonique', 'future events', 'significant discrepancy', 'real results', 'other circumstance', 'market close', 'draft resolutions', 'French Bulletin', 'Thomas JACQUET', 'Regulated documents', 'dynamic businesses', 'unidentified risks', 'Saphia GAOUAOUI', 'Tuesday 16 May', '02.00pm', '11 April', 'headquarters', 'Bois-Colombes', 'France', 'agenda', 'BALO', 'No.', '7 April', 'announcement', 'number', 'shares', 'conditions', 'Chairman', 'questions', 'letter', 'acknowledgement', 'receipt', 'attention', 'evidence', 'shareholding', '10th', 'account', 'General-Assembly', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'Story', '10 August', 'APM', 'Wiztrust', 'authenticity', '75 years', 'experience', 'leader', 'Factoring', 'Bonding', 'experts', 'beat', '~50,000 clients', 'world', 'companies', 'ability', 'payment', 'domestic', '~4,721 people', 'turnover', 'DISCLAIMER', 'declarations', 'forecasts', 'trends', 'projects', 'targets', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'rise', 'chapter', 'management', 'AMF', '6 April', 'order', 'description', 'intention', 'obligation', 'update', 'Attachment', '1 49 02', '25', '14']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22648,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://biztoc.com/x/0ad543e84cda4d6f,World stocks cling to upbeat mood  dollar stalls,[1/2] Overview of Amsterdam's stock exchange interior as Prosus begins trading on the Euronext stock exchange in Amsterdam  Netherlands  September 11  2019. REUTERS/Piroschka van de WouwithFile Photo LONDON  April 11 (Reuters) - World stocks rallied on Tuesday …,[1/2] Overview of Amsterdam's stock exchange interior as Prosus begins trading on the Euronext stock exchange in Amsterdam  Netherlands  September 11  2019. REUTERS/Piroschka van de WouwithFile PhotoLONDON  April 11 (Reuters) - World stocks rallied on Tuesday as traders held onto hope that interest rates will soon peak and fall later this year  even if the latest U.S. jobs…This story appeared on reuters.com   2023-04-11.,neutral,0.41,0.57,0.02,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['World stocks', 'dollar stalls', 'mood', 'Piroschka van de Wouw', 'latest U.S. jobs', 'stock exchange interior', 'Euronext stock exchange', 'File Photo', 'World stocks', 'interest rates', 'Overview', 'Amsterdam', 'Prosus', 'Netherlands', 'REUTERS', 'LONDON', 'April', 'Tuesday', 'traders', 'hope', 'story']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,biztoc.com
22649,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/RINGKJOBING-LANDBOBANK-A-35018541/news/Upward-adjustment-of-expectations-for-2023-43462739/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Upward adjustment of expectations for 2023,(marketscreener.com) Nasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock Exchange        Euronext DublinOther stakeholders Date    11 April 2023 Upward adjustment of expectations for 2023 Ringkjøbing Landbobank is upwardly adjusting its expectations for core earnings and net profi…,Nasdaq CopenhagenLondon Stock ExchangeEuronext DublinOther stakeholdersDate 11 April 2023Upward adjustment of expectations for 2023Ringkjøbing Landbobank is upwardly adjusting its expectations for core earnings and net profit for 2023.The expectations for core earnings are upwardly adjusted from the DKK 1 700 - 2 100 million range to the DKK 2 000 - 2 400 million range and the expectations for net profit for the year are upwardly adjusted from the DKK 1 200 - 1 600 million range to the DKK 1 400 - 1 800 million range.The background for the upward adjustment is primarily a more satisfactory income flow than expected  due to rising interest rates and a continued satisfactory increase in customer numbers.In addition  the credit quality of the bank’s loans portfolio remains high  and a very satisfactory loss level was also noted in the first quarter of 2023.The quarterly report for the first quarter of 2023 will be published on 26 April 2023  as previously announced.Yours sincerelyRingkjøbing LandbobankJohn FiskerCEOAttachment,positive,0.61,0.35,0.04,mixed,0.61,0.14,0.25,True,English,"['Upward adjustment', 'expectations', '2023', 'DKK 1,700 - 2,100 million range', 'DKK 2,000 - 2,400 million range', 'DKK 1,200 - 1,600 million range', 'DKK 1,400 - 1,800 million range', 'John Fisker CEO Attachment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'Other stakeholders Date', 'Ringkjøbing Landbobank', 'rising interest rates', 'satisfactory income flow', 'satisfactory loss level', 'satisfactory increase', 'Nasdaq Copenhagen', 'Euronext Dublin', 'Upward adjustment', 'core earnings', 'net profit', 'customer numbers', 'credit quality', 'loans portfolio', 'first quarter', 'quarterly report', 'April', 'expectations', 'year', 'background', 'addition', '2023']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22650,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/vopak-provides-lng-project-portfolio-050000548.html,Vopak provides an update on its LNG project portfolio,Agreement to acquire 50% of the shares in EemEnergyTerminalGate preparing a final investment decision for the 4th LNG TankVopak decides to no longer make use...,Koninklijke Vopak N.V.Agreement to acquire 50% of the shares in EemEnergyTerminalGate preparing a final investment decision for the 4th LNG TankVopak decides to no longer make use of the share right of 49.99% of the floating storage and regasification unit (FSRU) in Hong KongRotterdam  the Netherlands; 11 April 2023Today Vopak provides an update on its LNG project portfolio. This update is in line with Vopak's strategic priorities to improve its financial and sustainability performance  to grow its base in industrial and gas terminals  and to accelerate towards new energies and sustainable feedstocks.Vopak to become shareholder in EemsEnergyTerminalGasunie and Vopak entered into a principle agreement whereby Vopak will acquire 50% of the shares in EemsEnergyTerminal B.V. This transaction will be subject to a number of conditions  including the approval from the competition authorities. The transaction is targeted to be completed latest by 1 October 2023.The EemsEnergyTerminal is an LNG import terminal located in the Eemshaven in the Netherlands. Gasunie developed this new floating LNG terminal in the Eemshaven area in response to gas supply insecurities and a desire to reduce the dependency on Russian gas. The LNG terminal has been operational since 15 September 2022 and has a regas capacity of 8 billion cubic meters per year. The partners will explore to increase the capacity further. This agreement highlights the commitment of Gasunie and Vopak to jointly develop and operate open access LNG infrastructure in the Netherlands and contribute to the energy security of Europe. The partners are planning the further development of the Eemshaven site to facilitate the import of green hydrogen.Ulco Vermeulen  director business development at Gasunie: “I am pleased with the intention of Vopak to become a co-shareholder in EemsEnergyTerminal  as our long-term partner in enabling energy import and terminalling. By pooling our knowledge and experience we will offer a unique and reliable LNG import solution and we will be even better positioned and committed to the future development of green hydrogen import infrastructure.”Story continuesWalter Moone  president New Energies & LNG at Vopak: “We are excited to build upon our successful partnership with Gasunie. This fits very well with Vopak’s strategy to grow in LNG infrastructure and accelerate towards new energies. We are proud to develop and operate reliable and open access infrastructure as this plays an important role both in the security of energy  as well as in the energy transition.”Gate terminal RotterdamVopak and Gasunie are the founders and owners of Gate terminal in Rotterdam which has been operational since 2011. The terminal has a current regas capacity of 16 billion cubic meters per year. The Open Season gauging market interest for an additional 4 billion cubic meters per year of regas capacity has recently been closed  a fourth tank would be constructed for this additional capacity. Gate will continue to develop this project  including financing with the aim to reach a final investment decision by September 2023. Once all envisaged projects at Gate terminal have been completed  the terminal will have a regas capacity of 20 billion cubic meters per year.Hong Kong LNG Terminal ProjectVopak has decided to no longer pursue the acquisition of 49.99% of the vessel owning company of MOL that owns a floating storage and regasification unit (FSRU). Vopak has been working with MOL for developing and commissioning the Hong Kong FSRU LNG terminal  and Vopak has contributed much to the establishment of a reliable system for the operation and maintenance of the terminal. Although the commercial start is expected later this year  the delay of the project has resulted in reduced attractiveness and made Vopak decide not to make use of the share right. Vopak will remain involved in the commissioning of the terminal and will continue to provide support to the operation of the terminal as required.Financial frameworkAs previously announced during Vopak's updates.- Vopak aims to improve the performance of the portfolio and targets an operating cash return of above 12% by 2025.- Vopak will grow its base in industrial and gas terminals by allocating EUR 1 billion to these activities by 2030.- Vopak will accelerate its portfolio investments towards new energies and sustainable feedstocks by allocating EUR 1 billion in growth capital to these activities by 2030.To reach these targets Vopak is having a disciplined approach to capital allocation. Vopak’s equity investments in EemsEnergyTerminal and Gate terminal are expected to be around EUR 100 million and will result in attractive operating cash return. There is no material financial impact for Vopak as a result of no longer pursuing the acquisition of 49.99% of the vessel owning company of MOL.Vopak will host an analysts’ presentation with Vopak’s CFO  Michiel Gilsing via an on-demand audio webcast on Vopak’s corporate website  starting at 8:00 AM CEST on 11 April 2023.About Royal VopakRoyal Vopak is the world’s leading independent tank storage company. We store vital products with care. Products for everyday life. The energy that allows people to cook  heat or cool their homes and for transportation. The chemicals that enable companies to manufacture millions of useful products. The edible oils to prepare food. We take pride in improving access to cleaner energy and feedstocks for a growing world population  ensuring safe  clean and efficient storage and handling of bulk liquid products and gases at strategic locations around the world. We are excited to help shape a sustainable future by developing infrastructure solutions for new vital products  focusing on zero- and low-carbon hydrogen  ammonia  CO2  long duration energy storage and sustainable feedstocks. We have a track record of over 400 years in navigating change and are continuously investing in innovation. On sustainability  we are ambitious and performance driven  with a balanced roadmap that reflects key topics that matter most to our stakeholders and where we can have a positive impact for people  planet and profit and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Vopak is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam and is headquartered in Rotterdam  the Netherlands. For more information  please visit www.vopak.comFor more information please contactPress: Liesbeth Lans - Manager External Communication - global.communication@vopak.comAnalysts and Investors: Fatjona Topciu - Head of Investor Relations - investor.relations@vopak.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.63,0.13,0.25,True,English,"['LNG project portfolio', 'Vopak', 'update', 'Koninklijke Vopak N.V. Agreement', 'Hong Kong LNG Terminal Project', 'Hong Kong FSRU LNG terminal', 'attractive operating cash return', 'open access LNG infrastructure', 'reliable LNG import solution', 'green hydrogen import infrastructure', 'new floating LNG terminal', 'open access infrastructure', 'final investment decision', '8 billion cubic meters', '16 billion cubic meters', 'The Open Season', '4 billion cubic meters', '20 billion cubic meters', '4th LNG Tank', 'EemsEnergyTerminal B.V.', 'LNG import terminal', 'The LNG terminal', 'gas supply insecurities', 'director business development', 'material financial impact', 'LNG project portfolio', 'president New Energies', 'current regas capacity', 'Royal Vopak R', 'Gate terminal Rotterdam', 'floating storage', 'principle agreement', 'energy import', 'fourth tank', 'reliable system', 'The EemsEnergyTerminal', 'gas terminals', 'Russian gas', 'EemEnergyTerminal Gate', 'regasification unit', 'strategic priorities', 'sustainable feedstocks', 'competition authorities', 'Ulco Vermeulen', 'long-term partner', 'future development', 'Walter Moone', 'successful partnership', 'important role', 'market interest', 'additional capacity', 'commercial start', 'reduced attractiveness', 'Financial framework', 'portfolio investments', 'growth capital', 'disciplined approach', 'capital allocation', 'equity investments', 'analysts’ presentation', 'Michiel Gilsing', 'audio webcast', 'corporate website', 'energy transition', 'Eemshaven area', 'Eemshaven site', 'share right', 'sustainability performance', 'energy security', 'shares', 'use', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'update', 'base', 'industrial', 'shareholder', 'Gasunie', 'transaction', 'number', 'conditions', 'approval', '1 October', 'response', 'desire', 'dependency', '15 September', 'year', 'commitment', 'Europe', 'intention', 'terminalling', 'knowledge', 'experience', 'unique', 'Story', 'strategy', 'founders', 'owners', 'financing', 'aim', 'projects', 'acquisition', 'vessel', 'company', 'MOL', 'establishment', 'operation', 'maintenance', 'delay', 'commissioning', 'support', 'activities', 'targets', 'result', 'CFO', 'demand', '8:00']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,finance.yahoo.com
22651,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-BRUXELLES-LAMBERT-5953/news/Groupe-Bruxelles-Lambert-Transactions-on-GBL-shares-from-April-3-2023-until-April-6-2023-include-43468847/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Groupe Bruxelles Lambert : Transactions on GBL shares from April 3 2023 until April 6  2023 (included),(marketscreener.com)   April 11  2023 - After 5:45pm CET   Regulated information   Delivering meaningful growth   Transactions on GBL Shares   Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from April 3 2023 until April 6  2023    Implementation of …,April 11  2023 - After 5:45pm CET Regulated information Delivering meaningful growth Transactions on GBL Shares Disclosure of transaction on GBL shares from April 3 2023 until April 6  2023 (included) Implementation of the authorization of the Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of April 28  2020 Purchases GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  acquired during the period from April 3  2023 until April 6  2023 included  as part of: The share buyback program: 0 GBL shareThe share buyback program (by an independent financial institution on the basis of a discretionary mandate until June 30  2023): 101 700 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) Stock Exchange 04/03/2023 37 008 78.25 77.86 78.72 2 895 728 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 04/04/2023 29 099 78.62 78.28 78.98 2 287 696 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 04/05/2023 14 152 77.88 77.58 78.42 1 102 125 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Stock Exchange 04/06/2023 21 441 78.22 77.82 78.42 1 677 209 Euronext  CBOE  Turquoise  Acquis Total 101 700 78.30 7 962 757 Regulated information of April 11  2023 // Page 1 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.beThe liquidity agreement: 35 150 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 04/03/2023 13 750 78.22 77.86 78.72 1 075 469 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/04/2023 10 400 78.58 78.28 78.98 817 228 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/05/2023 4 250 77.97 77.58 78.42 331 375 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/06/2023 6 750 78.18 77.82 78.42 527 708 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 35 150 78.29 2 751 780 Sales GBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  sold during the period from April 3  2023 until April 6  2023 included  as part of: The liquidity agreement: 35 150 GBL shares Number of Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method / market shares price (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) (EUR) 04/03/2023 13 650 78.30 77.86 78.72 1 068 839 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/04/2023 5 500 78.60 78.28 78.98 432 282 Stock Exchange Euronext 04/06/2023 16 000 78.27 77.82 78.42 1 252 246 Stock Exchange Euronext Total 35 150 78.33 2 753 367 As of April 6  2023  GBL holds directly and through its subsidiaries 14 211 329 GBL shares representing 9.3% of the issued capital  and holds no shares under the liquidity agreement. On that date  94.0% of the fifth share buyback program is executed1. For more information  please contact: Xavier Likin Alison Donohoe Chief Financial Officer Head of Investor Relations Tel: +32 2 289 17 72 Tel: +32 2 289 17 64 xlikin@gbl.be adonohoe@gbl.be 1 cf. http://www.gbl.be/en/transactions-gbl-shares Regulated information of April 11  2023 // Page 2 / 3 // For more information: www.gbl.be,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.92,0.05,True,English,"['Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'GBL shares', 'Transactions', 'April', 'Average Lowest Highest Amount Trade date price price Negotiation method', 'Xavier Likin Alison Donohoe Chief Financial Officer Head', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'fifth share buyback program', 'market shares price', 'independent financial institution', '469 Stock Exchange Euronext', '375 Stock Exchange Euronext', '708 Stock Exchange Euronext', '839 Stock Exchange Euronext', '2,282 Stock Exchange Euronext', 'meaningful growth Transactions', 'Acquis Stock Exchange', '0 GBL share', 'discretionary mandate', 'liquidity agreement', 'Investor Relations', 'GBL Shares', '51,780 Sales GBL', 'Regulated information', 'gbl.', 'April', '5:45pm', 'Disclosure', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'subsidiaries', 'period', 'part', 'basis', 'June', 'Number', 'CBOE', 'Turquoise', 'Page', 'The', 'capital', 'gbl-shares', '68']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22652,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/2CRSI-44358422/news/ERRATUM-2CRSi-SA-Financial-calendar-43469161/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,ERRATUM 2CRSi SA: Financial calendar,(marketscreener.com) 2CRSi SAERRATUM 2CRSi SA: Financial calendar 11-Apr-2023 / 18:23 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press releaseFi…,2CRSi SAERRATUM 2CRSi SA: Financial calendar11-Apr-2023 / 18:23 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press releaseFinancial calendarStrasbourg (France)  April 11th 2023 – 2CRSi  designer and manufacturer of high-performance  energy-efficient computer servers  informs the market of its upcoming financial events:Thuesday  May 2nd 2023 : Annual revenues 2022/2023  after market Thursday  June 29th 2023 : Annual results 2022/2023  after market Thursday  August 31th 2023 : General Shareholders' Meeting Thursday  October 26th 2023 : First half-year revenues 2023/2024  after market Tuesday  December 19th 2023 : First half-year results 2023/2024  after marketAbout 2CRSiFounded in Strasbourg  2CRSi Group designs  produces and markets high-performance  custom-made  eco-responsible computer servers. For the fiscal year 2021-2022  the Group generated revenues of 183.6 million euros. The Group now has approximately 390 employees and markets its innovative solutions (computing  storage and networking) in more than 50 countries. 2CRSi has been listed since June 2018 on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (ISIN Code: FR0013341781) and its shares were transferred to Euronext Growth on November 25  2022. For more information: www.2crsi.comContacts 2CRSi2CRSiJoseph GonnachonChief Marketing Officerinvestors@2crsi.com03 68 41 10 70 ActifinLucie MorlotFinancial Communication lucie.morlot@actifin.fr01 80 18 26 33 ActifinMathias JordanPress Relationsmjordan@actifin.fr01 56 88 11 26Regulatory filing PDF fileFile: Financial calendar,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['ERRATUM 2CRSi SA', 'Financial calendar', 'Regulatory filing PDF file File', 'high-performance, custom-made, eco-responsible computer servers', 'high-performance, energy-efficient computer servers', 'Mathias Jordan Press Relations', 'French Regulatory News', ""General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Chief Marketing Officer', 'First half-year results', 'upcoming financial events', 'First half-year revenues', 'ERRATUM 2CRSi SA', '2CRSi Group designs', 'Press release', 'Annual results', 'Financial calendar', 'Financial Communication', 'EQS Group', 'Annual revenues', 'fiscal year', '183.6 million euros', 'The Group', 'innovative solutions', 'ISIN Code', 'Joseph Gonnachon', 'Euronext Growth', 'Lucie Morlot', 'regulated market', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Strasbourg', 'France', 'April', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'Thuesday', 'May', 'October', 'Tuesday', 'December', '390 employees', 'storage', 'networking', '50 countries', 'June', 'Paris', 'shares', 'November', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Actifin', 'mjordan']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22653,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/2CRSI-44358422/news/2CRSi-SA-Financial-calendar-43468832/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,2CRSi SA: Financial calendar,(marketscreener.com) 2CRSi SA2CRSi SA: Financial calendar 11-Apr-2023 / 17:56 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press releaseFinancial …,2CRSi SA2CRSi SA: Financial calendar11-Apr-2023 / 17:56 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press releaseFinancial calendarStrasbourg (France)  April 11th 2023 – 2CRSi  designer and manufacturer of high-performance  energy-efficient computer servers  informs the market of its upcoming financial events:Monday  May 2nd 2023 : Annual revenues 2021/2022  after market Thursday  June 29th 2023 : Annual results 2021/2022  after market Thursday  August 31th 2023 : General Shareholders' Meeting Thursday  October 26th 2023 : First half-year revenues 2022/2023  après bourse Tuesday  December 19th 2023 : First half-year resultys 2022/2023  after marketAbout 2CRSiFounded in Strasbourg  2CRSi Group designs  produces and markets high-performance  custom-made  eco-responsible computer servers. For the fiscal year 2021-2022  the Group generated revenues of 183.6 million euros. The Group now has approximately 390 employees and markets its innovative solutions (computing  storage and networking) in more than 50 countries. 2CRSi has been listed since June 2018 on the regulated market of Euronext in Paris (ISIN Code: FR0013341781) and its shares were transferred to Euronext Growth on November 25  2022. For more information: www.2crsi.comContacts 2CRSi2CRSiJoseph GonnachonChief Marketing Officerinvestors@2crsi.com03 68 41 10 70 ActifinLucie MorlotFinancial Communication lucie.morlot@actifin.fr01 80 18 26 33 ActifinMathias JordanPress Relationsmjordan@actifin.fr01 56 88 11 26Regulatory filing PDF fileFile: Financial calendar,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['2CRSi SA', 'Financial calendar', 'Regulatory filing PDF file File', 'high-performance, custom-made, eco-responsible computer servers', 'high-performance, energy-efficient computer servers', 'Mathias Jordan Press Relations', 'French Regulatory News', ""General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'First half-year resultys', 'Chief Marketing Officer', 'upcoming financial events', 'First half-year revenues', '2CRSi Group designs', 'Press release', 'Financial calendar', 'Financial Communication', 'EQS Group', 'Annual revenues', 'Annual results', 'fiscal year', '183.6 million euros', 'The Group', 'innovative solutions', 'ISIN Code', 'Joseph Gonnachon', '2CRSi SA', 'Euronext Growth', 'Lucie Morlot', 'regulated market', 'Apr', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Strasbourg', 'France', 'designer', 'manufacturer', 'Monday', 'May', 'Thursday', 'June', 'bourse', 'Tuesday', '390 employees', 'storage', 'networking', '50 countries', 'Paris', 'shares', 'November', 'information', 'Contacts', 'Actifin', 'mjordan']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22654,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/LECTRA-4769/news/LECTRA-Lectra-confirms-its-eligibility-for-PEA-PME-scheme-43463120/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,LECTRA: Lectra confirms its eligibility for PEA-PME scheme,(marketscreener.com)  Lectra confirms its eligibility for PEA-PME scheme Paris  April 11  2023 – Lectra   a company listed on the regulated market Euronext Paris   confirms  based on the consolidated financial statements of its last fiscal year ended December…,Lectra confirms its eligibility for PEA-PME schemeParis  April 11  2023 – Lectra (FR0000065484 LSS)  a company listed on the regulated market Euronext Paris (compartment B)  confirms  based on the consolidated financial statements of its last fiscal year ended December 31  2022  its eligibility for inclusion in French SME equity savings plans “PEA-PME” for the next twelve months.Lectra complies with the criteria for the inclusion of companies in the PEA-PME savings plans set in Article L.221-32-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  i.e. having less than 5 000 employees and a total revenue below 1 5 billion euros or total assets below 2 billion euros.As a consequence  investment in Lectra shares can be made through PEA-PME savings accounts  relief specifically applicable to investments in small and mid-cap companies  benefiting from the same tax advantages as the traditional Equity Savings Plan (PEA).As a major player in the fashion  automotive and furniture markets  Lectra contributes to the Industry 4.0 revolution with boldness and passion by providing best-in-class technologies.The group offers industrial intelligence solutions - software  equipment  data and services - that facilitate the digital transformation of the companies it serves. In doing so  Lectra helps its customers push boundaries and unlock their potential. The group is proud to state that its 2 500 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators.Founded in 1973  Lectra reported revenues of 522 million euros in 2022 and is listed on Euronext (LSS).For more information  please visit www.lectra.com .Lectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – www.lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with capital of €37 788 949 • RCS Paris B 300 702 305Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.71,0.29,0.0,True,English,"['PEA-PME scheme', 'LECTRA', 'eligibility', 'A French Société Anonyme', 'French SME equity savings plans', 'traditional Equity Savings Plan', 'PEA-PME savings plans', 'last fiscal year', 'next twelve months', 'PEA-PME savings accounts', 'same tax advantages', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'three core values', 'consolidated financial statements', 'RCS Paris B', 'French Monetary', 'Financial Code', 'PEA-PME scheme', 'Article L.', 'total revenue', '1,5 billion euros', 'total assets', '2 billion euros', 'major player', 'furniture markets', 'Industry 4.0 revolution', 'class technologies', 'digital transformation', 'minded thinkers', 'trusted partners', 'passionate innovators', '522 million euros', 'World Headquarters', 'rue Chalgrin', 'mid-cap companies', 'Euronext Paris', 'Lectra shares', '75016 Paris', 'eligibility', 'April', 'LSS', 'company', 'compartment', 'inclusion', 'criteria', 'less', '5 000 employees', 'consequence', 'investment', 'relief', 'small', 'fashion', 'automotive', 'boldness', 'group', 'software', 'equipment', 'data', 'services', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'potential', '2,500 employees', 'open', 'revenues', 'information', 'France', 'Tel.', 'capital', 'Attachment']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22655,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/11/2644077/0/en/LECTRA-Lectra-confirms-its-eligibility-for-PEA-PME-scheme.html,LECTRA: Lectra confirms its eligibility for PEA-PME scheme,Lectra confirms its eligibility for PEA-PME scheme  Paris  April 11  2023 – Lectra (FR0000065484 LSS)  a company listed on the regulated market...,English FrenchLectra confirms its eligibility for PEA-PME schemeParis  April 11  2023 – Lectra (FR0000065484 LSS)  a company listed on the regulated market Euronext Paris (compartment B)  confirms  based on the consolidated financial statements of its last fiscal year ended December 31  2022  its eligibility for inclusion in French SME equity savings plans “PEA-PME” for the next twelve months.Lectra complies with the criteria for the inclusion of companies in the PEA-PME savings plans set in Article L.221-32-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  i.e. having less than 5 000 employees and a total revenue below 1 5 billion euros or total assets below 2 billion euros.As a consequence  investment in Lectra shares can be made through PEA-PME savings accounts  relief specifically applicable to investments in small and mid-cap companies  benefiting from the same tax advantages as the traditional Equity Savings Plan (PEA).As a major player in the fashion  automotive and furniture markets  Lectra contributes to the Industry 4.0 revolution with boldness and passion by providing best-in-class technologies.The group offers industrial intelligence solutions - software  equipment  data and services - that facilitate the digital transformation of the companies it serves. In doing so  Lectra helps its customers push boundaries and unlock their potential. The group is proud to state that its 2 500 employees are driven by three core values: being open-minded thinkers  trusted partners and passionate innovators.Founded in 1973  Lectra reported revenues of 522 million euros in 2022 and is listed on Euronext (LSS).For more information  please visit www.lectra.com .Lectra – World Headquarters: 16–18  rue Chalgrin • 75016 Paris • FranceTel. +33 (0)1 53 64 42 00 – www.lectra.comA French Société Anonyme with capital of €37 788 949 • RCS Paris B 300 702 305Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.68,0.31,0.0,True,English,"['PEA-PME scheme', 'LECTRA', 'eligibility', 'A French Société Anonyme', 'French SME equity savings plans', 'traditional Equity Savings Plan', 'PEA-PME savings plans', 'last fiscal year', 'next twelve months', 'PEA-PME savings accounts', 'same tax advantages', 'industrial intelligence solutions', 'three core values', 'consolidated financial statements', 'RCS Paris B', 'English French', 'French Monetary', 'Financial Code', 'PEA-PME scheme', 'total revenue', '1,5 billion euros', 'total assets', '2 billion euros', 'major player', 'furniture markets', 'Industry 4.0 revolution', 'class technologies', 'digital transformation', 'minded thinkers', 'trusted partners', 'passionate innovators', '522 million euros', 'World Headquarters', 'rue Chalgrin', 'mid-cap companies', 'Euronext Paris', 'Lectra shares', 'eligibility', 'April', 'LSS', 'company', 'compartment', 'inclusion', 'criteria', 'Article', 'less', '5 000 employees', 'consequence', 'investment', 'relief', 'small', 'fashion', 'automotive', 'boldness', 'group', 'software', 'equipment', 'data', 'services', 'customers', 'boundaries', 'potential', '2,500 employees', 'open', 'revenues', 'information', 'France', 'Tel.', 'capital', 'Attachment']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,globenewswire.com
22656,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VEON-LTD-121357098/news/VEON-appoints-PricewaterhouseCoopers-Accountants-N-V-as-auditors-for-VEON-Group-43463653/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,VEON appoints PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. as auditors for VEON Group,(marketscreener.com) VEON appoints PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. as auditors for VEON Group Amsterdam  Netherlands  11 April 2023: VEON Ltd.   a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces that  furthe…,VEON appoints PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. as auditors for VEON GroupAmsterdam  Netherlands  11 April 2023: VEON Ltd. (Nasdaq: VEON  Euronext Amsterdam: VEON) (“VEON” or  together with its subsidiaries  the “Group”)  a global digital operator that provides converged connectivity and online services  announces that  further to its announcement on January 11  2023 regarding the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V. (“PwC”) as the Dutch statutory financial statement auditors for the year ended December 31  2022  VEON has now also appointed PwC as the independent registered public accounting firm for the audit of the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2022 in accordance with the standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).About VEONVEON is a global digital operator that currently provides converged connectivity and online services to over 200 million customers in seven dynamic markets. We are transforming people’s lives  empowering individuals  creating opportunities for greater digital inclusion and driving economic growth across countries that are home to more than 8% of the world’s population. Headquartered in Amsterdam  VEON is listed on NASDAQ and Euronext.For more information visit: https://www.veon.com .DisclaimerThis release contains “forward-looking statements ” as the phrase is defined in Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements are not historical facts  and are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties  many of which VEON cannot predict with accuracy and some of which VEON might not even anticipate. The forward-looking statements contained in this release speak only as of the date of this release. VEON does not undertake to publicly update  except as required by U.S. federal securities laws  any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after such date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.04,0.96,True,English,"['PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.', 'VEON Group', 'auditors', 'independent registered public accounting firm', 'Public Company Accounting Oversight Board', 'U.S. federal securities laws', 'U.S. Securities Exchange Act', 'Dutch statutory financial statement auditors', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Accountants N.V.', 'consolidated financial statements', 'global digital operator', 'seven dynamic markets', 'greater digital inclusion', 'forward-looking statement', 'converged connectivity', 'online services', 'United States', '200 million customers', 'economic growth', 'historical facts', 'unanticipated events', 'VEON Ltd.', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'VEON Group', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'Nasdaq', 'subsidiaries', 'announcement', 'January', 'appointment', 'PwC', 'year', 'accordance', 'standards', 'people', 'lives', 'individuals', 'opportunities', 'countries', 'world', 'population', 'information', 'Disclaimer', 'release', 'phrase', 'Section', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'accuracy', 'circumstances']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22657,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/UNIDATA-S-P-A-104922929/news/Unidata-S-p-A-Filing-of-the-list-of-candidates-for-the-appointment-of-the-BoSA-and-presentation-of-43468255/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Unidata S p A : Filing of the list of candidates for the appointment of the BoSA and presentation of the proposal for the integration of the BoD,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   UNIDATA: FILING OF THE LIST OF CANDIDATES FOR THE APPOINTMENT OF THE BOARD   OF STATUTORY AUDITORS AND PRESENTATION OF THE PROPOSAL FOR THE INTEGRATION OF THE BOARD   OF DIRECTORS   Roma  11 April 2023 - Un…,"PRESS RELEASEUNIDATA: FILING OF THE LIST OF CANDIDATES FOR THE APPOINTMENT OF THE BOARDOF STATUTORY AUDITORS AND PRESENTATION OF THE PROPOSAL FOR THE INTEGRATION OF THE BOARDOF DIRECTORSRoma  11 April 2023 - Unidata S.p.A. (EGM: UD) (the ""Company"")  an operator in telecommunications  cloud and IoT services  listed on the Euronext Growth Milan market  organized and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.  announces that on today's date it has been made available to public at the registered office  on the Company's website (www.unidata.it) in the ""Corporate Governance/Shareholders' Meeting"" section and on the Borsa Italiana website  the list received by the Company for the appointment of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors and the proposal received by the Company for the integration of the Board of Directors - on which the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting convened for 14 April 2023  in single call  is called to resolve - together with the curriculum vitae of the candidates  the declaration of acceptance of the office and possession of the requisites prescribed by regulations and by the Company's bylaws for the assumption of the same.****This press release is available from Borsa Italiana  the ""1info"" storage mechanism (www.1info.it) and the company's website www.unidata.itunder Investors/Press Releases.******* For further information: UNIDATA S.p.A. Euronext Growth Advisor Roberto GIACOMETTI EnVent Capital Markets Ltd CFO ed Investor Relations Officer Londra  Berkeley Square 42  W1J54W +39 329 2478696 +39 06 896841 r.giacometti@unidata.it gdalessio@enventcapitalmarkets.uk Investor Relations Advisor Media Relations CDR COMMUNICATION CDR COMMUNICATION Silvia DI ROSA Angelo BRUNELLO +39 335 78 64 209 +39 329 21 17 752 silvia.dirosa@cdr-communication.it angelo.brunello@cdr-communication.it Eleonora NICOLINI Stefania TREVISOL +39 333 97 73 749 +39 347 87 82 490eleonora.nicolini@cdr-communication.itstefania.trevisol@cdr-communication.itSpecialistINTERMONTE SIM SPAGalleria de Cristoforis  7/8  20122 MilanoTel +39 02 771151",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.77,0.23,0.01,True,English,"['Unidata S', 'Filing', 'list', 'candidates', 'appointment', 'BoSA', 'presentation', 'proposal', 'integration', 'BoD', 'Investor Relations Advisor Media Relations CDR COMMUNICATION CDR COMMUNICATION', 'Silvia DI ROSA Angelo BRUNELLO', 'Investor Relations Officer Londra', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Unidata S.p.A.', 'EnVent Capital Markets Ltd', 'Corporate Governance/Shareholders\' Meeting"" section', 'Euronext Growth Milan market', 'Euronext Growth Advisor', ""Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting"", '1info"" storage mechanism', 'INTERMONTE SIM SPA', 'Galleria de Cristoforis', 'Borsa Italiana website', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'STATUTORY AUDITORS', 'IoT services', 'single call', 'curriculum vitae', 'Roberto GIACOMETTI', 'Berkeley Square', 'Stefania TREVISOL', 'DIRECTORS Roma', 'registered office', 'FILING', 'THE', 'LIST', 'CANDIDATES', 'APPOINTMENT', 'BOARD', 'PRESENTATION', 'PROPOSAL', 'INTEGRATION', 'EGM', 'Company', 'operator', 'telecommunications', 'cloud', 'today', 'members', '14 April', 'declaration', 'acceptance', 'possession', 'requisites', 'regulations', 'bylaws', 'assumption', 'information', 'CFO', 'W1J54W', 'enventcapitalmarkets', 'Eleonora', 'nicolini', 'Milano']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22658,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/11/2644027/0/en/Ipsen-SA-Monthly-information-relative-to-the-total-number-of-voting-rights-and-shares-composing-the-share-capital.html,Ipsen SA - Monthly information relative to the total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital,Monthly information relative to the total number of voting rights and shares composing the share capital   (in accordance with Article L.233-8 II of...,English FrenchMonthly information relative to the total number of voting rightsand shares composing the share capital(in accordance with Article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code andArticle 223-16 of the General Regulation of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers)Market: Euronext ParisISIN Code: FR 0010259150LEI: 549300M6SGDPB4Z94P11Date Total number of shares composing the share capital Total number of voting rights (1) 31 March 202383 814 526Gross total* of voting rights: 132 092 083 Net total** of voting rights: 130 913 978(1) Existence of a statutory clause imposing an obligation to declare threshold crossing complementary to the one relative to the legal thresholds (Article 10).* Gross total = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares  including the number of shares which benefit of double voting rights and the number of treasury shares. The « Gross total » is used as a basis for the calculation of threshold crossings.** Net total = total number of voting rights attached to the total number of shares – shares without voting rights.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['Ipsen SA', 'total number', 'voting rights', 'share capital', 'information', 'shares', 'des Marchés Financiers', 'French Commercial Code', 'double voting rights', 'English French', 'ISIN Code', 'share capital', 'General Regulation', 'Euronext Paris', 'statutory clause', 'legal thresholds', 'Gross total', 'Net total', 'total number', 'threshold crossings', 'Article L.', 'treasury shares', 'information', 'accordance', 'Market', 'LEI', 'Date', 'Existence', 'obligation', 'basis', 'calculation', 'Attachment']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,globenewswire.com
22659,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NUROSOFT-5294719/news/NUROSOFT-Board-of-Directors-of-Neurosoft-SA-approves-2022-Annual-Financial-Statements-ndash-11-0-43469067/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,NUROSOFT : Board of Directors of Neurosoft SA approves 2022 Annual Financial Statements – 11/04/2023,(marketscreener.com)      Iraklio  Attica  April 11th  2023     Press Release      Board of Directors of Neurosoft S.A. approves   2022 Annual Financial Statements    ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/NUROSOFT-5294719/news/N…,"Iraklio  Attica  April 11th  2023 Press Release Board of Directors of Neurosoft S.A. approves 2022 Annual Financial Statements Consolidated Revenues in 2022 amounted to € 23 01 million (€15 76 million in 2021) • Gross Profit in 2022 amounted to €5 29 million (€3.52 million in 2021) EBITDA in 2022 amounted to € 2 89 million (€ 2.35 million in 2021)EBIT in 2022 amounted to € 1 58 million (€ 0.80 million in 2021)Net Profit in 2022 amounted to € 1.28 million (€ 0.90 million in 2021)Net Debt in 2022 amounted to € (2.88) million (€(0.45) million in 2021)Total equity structure verifies article 119 par. 4 of L. 4548/2018. The Company's main shareholder is committed to enhance Neurosoft capital structure in case of need Iraklio  Attica  April 11  2022 - The Board of Directors of Neurosoft S.A.  a fully integrated ICT Company  traded on Milan's Euronext Growth Italia market (GRS802003004  Reuters NRST.MI  Bloomberg NRST:IM)  has Banca Investis S.p.A. as its Euronext Growth Advisor  met today and approved Neurosoft's Consolidated Annual Audited Financial Statements (including the results for its subsidiaries  Neurosoft Cyprus Ltd and Neurosoft Romania Srl) for the year ended December 31st  2022. ""In fiscal year 2022 Neurosoft achieved the highest sales revenue in its history due to its operational flexibility  enhanced offering and the continued brand awareness  despite the clearly difficult global environment affecting the domestic market and economy. Our solid commercial activities throughout the year  focusing on systems integration projects and cyber security solutions  delivered remarkable progress  leading to a full year significant top line increase of 46%. Οur business model demonstrated resilience  delivering robust financial performance and we remain optimistic that 2023 will be another successful year for the Company. In Neurosoft we constantly adapt and innovate. We offer value-adding solutions  we strengthen our brand and we invest in our people."" stated Epameinondas Paschalidis  Chief Executive Officer of Neurosoft S.A. 2022 Neurosoft Group Consolidated Performance The FY 2022 ended with consolidated revenues equal to € 23 01 million continuing last year's upturn. Undoubtfully  the use of new technologies changes the business models  provides new revenue opportunities and sets out the most common strategic trend. Neurosoft is well positioned among domestic technology providers capable of providing unique solutions to its clients and this is illustrated in the record high levels of this year.2022 EBITDA (€2.89 million) proves a truly extraordinary year and it is the direct result of the continuous efforts and commitment that the company has performed during the last few years in order to deliver value to stakeholders and partners. Economies of scale  cost control processes  expanded clientele basis and strategic alliance reflect the outstanding financial performance. 2022 EBIT stands at € 1 58 million (€ 0.8 million in 2021-97.5%y-o-y increase) and  as a result  2022 Net Profit is equal to € 1.28 million (€ 0.90 million in 2021). 2022 Equity is equal to € 5.34 million (€ 4.06 million in 2021) with a 2022 Net Cash that amounts to € (2.88) million versus net debt of € (0.45) million in 2021  proving company's strong liquidity levels. Additionally  as of December 31  2022 the Company has positive working capital of €4.23 Million  as well as  sufficient undrawn borrowing facilities that can be utilized if needed. The Company's main shareholder is committed to enhance its capital structure in case it is deemed necessary  for at least within the next 12 months from the approval of Financial Statements. Net Profit Allocation: Neurosoft S.A. notifies that the Board of Directors resolved to propose to the Shareholders' Meeting the allocation of the Company's FY 2022 net profit  equal to Euro 1.28 million  entirely to retained earnings reserve and approved and validated the non-distribution of any dividends from the results of financial year 2022. Anticipated course and Company's development for the year 2023 In fiscal year 2022 Neurosoft achieved the best financial performance in its history due to its operational flexibility and the continued brand awareness The Company's strategic plan is to become the most innovative  value-adding Managed Infrastructure Service Provider (MISP) in Greece and Cyprus and to brand Neurosoft as synonymous with security and trust. Scale  efficiency  new technologies and automation are the key priorities in order to be able to offer a ""best of breed"" commercial approach to the customers. Moreover  Governmental institutions are expected to heavily invest in ICT over the next 5 years  therefore Company's objective is to position Neurosoft among the key market players  through partnerships in Greece  as well as in Cyprus. Geopolitical Risks The ongoing war in Ukraine following the invasion of Russia in 2022 and imposition of economic sanctions against the Russian Federation are significantly affecting the energy market and consequently the global economy. There is no direct exposure of the Company to either Russia or Ukraine  and therefore no direct effect on its financial performance from these latest developments. The Greek economy recorded solid growth in the first half of 2022  but rising inflation took its toll on growth in the second half of the year. Increasing investments  governmental support measures and the implementation of the Greece 2.0 Recovery and Resilience Package. Therefore  the only indirect effect the Company may face relates to the high energy cost and inflationary pressures caused by this geopolitical crisis.Important related party transactions Related parties' transactions have been identified based on the requirements of IAS 24 ""Related Party Disclosures"" and Neurosoft procedure for Transaction with Related Parties and are presented in the Financial Statements accordingly. During the 2022  the related party transactions referring to provision of Neurosoft services in the normal course of business  were equal to 9.43 million euro. The Company has adopted the rules provided by the applicable legislation and Euronext Growth Milan rules. In particular  these transactions took place at arm's length (market conditions basis)  within the case of exclusion pursuant to art. 2  lett. e) of Neurosoft Procedure for Transaction with Related Parties and in compliance with art. 7  lett. c) of Euronext Growth Milan Provisions on Related Party Transactions. General Outlook of Business Development Neurosoft during 2022 performed an operational restructuring of its offering pillars and developed essential strategies to achieve business and operational improvements and efficiencies. The former System Engineering vertical was segmented into ""Field Services Operations"" and ""Infrastructure & Cloud Operations"". This modification will allow the Company to focus on each specific area and to better concentrate on its business growth. Company's vision is to become the most-innovative value-adding Managed Infrastructure Service Provider (MISP) in Greece & Cyprus. Working towards this direction Neurosoft enhances and improves competencies in new technologies and sales experience via high quality and innovative services over our field of expertise. Today the Company operates under three Business Units  Cyber Security Operations (CSO)  Infrastructure & Cloud Operations (ICO) and Field Services Operations (FSO). Cyber Security Operations Business Unit: Cyber Security Operations  having reached good maturity levels and recognition from customers  had a steady revenue growth in all areas defensive  offensive  governance & risk. As a Managed Security Services Provider (MSSP)  Neutrify  our brand for cyber defense services  has been uplifted integrating new tools and services to make the offering more attractive to the customers (36% customer increase) and in parallel more effective in cyber security operations. The introduction of vendor agnostic Managed Detection Response (MDR) capability allowed the delivery of a holistic cyber defence service to the customer and enabled faster incident detection and response. Furthermore  capitalizing the experience gained by the team in previous years  two new services were launched  Threat Intelligence which assists in proactive threat hunting and Incident Response for the management of critical security incidents supporting the customer to address ongoing cyberattacks. Angel  the maritime cybersecurity service  delivered in partnership with Navarino  doubled the number of vessels monitored compared to 2021.In the Security Assessment Services domain  new services have been developed for the delivery of adversary simulations to customers (Red Teaming) and for vulnerability scanning and management as a service (VMaaS)  complementing the already established Penetration Testing services. First customers for these services have beensuccessfully served. Furthermore  the design of a new brand name (HackCraft) and additional functionality (customer portal) have been completed to allow increased customer penetration in 2023. In the Compliance & Risk Services domain  the virtual Information Security Officer (vCISO) service has been introduced  providing the resources  skillset and experience needed in an organization to fulfil the CISO role responsibilities. The service has proved to be very successful and significant growth is expected in the future. Furthermore  two new services have been designed to be delivered in 2023  Security by Design services  which provide expert resources to the customer to make a system or application secure throughout its lifecycle  and Ransomware Readiness Assessment services providing expert resources to the customer to assess main areas that hackers exploit for ransomware attacks and to provide the customer with a gap analysis and recommendation for security improvement. Field Services Operations Business Unit: During 2022 Neurosoft faced a spike on the maintenance and rollout visits that handled mainly because of the post covid business normalization and stabilization. The company stayed focused on its strategic objective to ensure that telecom organizations and enterprises with geographically dispersed infrastructures will cope with their ultimate challenge i.e. a smooth  continuous and cost-effective operation. Towards this direction  Neurosoft undertook the technological optimization of the FSO business unit  more specifically the company invested in the modernization of the Warehousing Management System to create a state-of-the-art logistic center and to enhance the quality of services offered to the end customers either enterprise or telcos. Moreover  the Company expanded it's country-wide network to support multiple  concurrent  large scale retail projects across the country. New clients were onboarded in 2022 from the Oil & Gas and Retail verticals as a result of cross-selling efforts with ICT integration services. In addition  the company established a new co-operation in the field of Telco Infrastructure Services  for the provision of on-site physical installation  commissioning  and support services for access technology (LLU-local-loop unbundling). Infrastructure & Cloud Operations Business Unit: Enterprise Link (EL) is Neurosoft first offering attempt in utilizing its strategy towards the modern Infrastructure.as- a-Service (IaaS) business paradigm. EL targets multi-site Enterprise customers and is the Network Access technology and Service Provider agnostic. The services offered under EL include Solution Design  Implementation and Operations with all actual equipment and licenses required under a recurring monthly fee. EL is provided in cooperation with Telecom Italia Sparkle. During 2022 Neurosoft invested significant R&D effort to enhance internal operation and automation activities to create customer value from the traffic logs collected. Within 2022 more than 2.700 managed customer devices have been introduced to EL  reaching in total 3.500 devices. Clearly in parallel to the IaaS business model the Company continued pursuing traditional ICT Systems Integration projects  ranging from Networking Solutions  Cloud Infrastructure  employee collaboration and Information Security. Neurosoft managed to enhance its Solution portfolio with new Products  Services and new worldwide Technology Providers resulting in building a very promising project pipeline for upcoming years but also receiving awards for infrastructure projects in significant organizations mainly in the Utility and Energy sectors. While executing the corporate strategy towards enhancing the Managed Services offering Neurosoft has developed a solid and modular service aimed at Customers willing to outsource operations of their existing ICT",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.63,0.09,0.28,True,English,"['2022 Annual Financial Statements', 'Neurosoft SA', 'Board', 'Directors', 'innovative, value-adding Managed Infrastructure Service Provider', 'full year significant top line increase', 'Banca Investis S.p.A.', 'Consolidated Annual Audited Financial Statements', '2022 Annual Financial Statements Consolidated Revenues', 'sufficient undrawn borrowing facilities', 'Euronext Growth Italia market', 'Neurosoft Group Consolidated Performance', 'Euronext Growth Advisor', 'robust financial performance', 'outstanding financial performance', 'highest sales revenue', 'solid commercial activities', 'systems integration projects', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'record high levels', 'cost control processes', 'strong liquidity levels', 'breed"" commercial approach', 'Neurosoft S.A.', 'positive working capital', 'best financial performance', 'Reuters NRST.MI', 'difficult global environment', 'domestic technology providers', 'new revenue opportunities', 'common strategic trend', 'key market players', 'Neurosoft Romania Srl', 'Press Release Board', 'Total equity structure', 'Neurosoft capital structure', 'cyber security solutions', 'Neurosoft Cyprus Ltd', 'Net Profit Allocation', 'FY 2022 net profit', 'value-adding solutions', 'financial year', 'domestic market', 'energy market', 'Bloomberg NRST', 'key priorities', 'Gross Profit', 'new technologies', 'unique solutions', 'strategic alliance', 'strategic plan', 'Net Debt', '2022 Net Cash', 'main shareholder', 'fiscal year', 'operational flexibility', 'remarkable progress', 'business model', 'successful year', 'Epameinondas Paschalidis', 'extraordinary year', 'continuous efforts', 'clientele basis', 'next 12 months', ""Shareholders' Meeting"", 'earnings reserve', 'Anticipated course', 'Governmental institutions', 'Geopolitical Risks', 'ongoing war', 'economic sanctions', 'Russian Federation', 'global economy', 'direct exposure', 'brand awareness', 'direct result', 'next 5 years', 'The Company', 'ICT Company', '2022 Equity', 'Iraklio', 'Attica', 'April', 'Directors', 'EBITDA', 'article', 'par.', 'L.', 'case', 'need', 'Milan', 'IM', 'results', 'subsidiaries', 'history', 'offering', 'resilience', 'people', 'upturn', 'use', 'clients', 'commitment', 'last', 'order', 'stakeholders', 'partners', 'Economies', 'scale', '2022 EBIT', 'December', 'approval', 'distribution', 'dividends', 'development', 'continued', 'MISP', 'Greece', 'trust', 'efficiency', 'automation', 'customers', 'objective', 'Ukraine', 'invasion']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22660,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/11/2644804/0/en/Virtualware-inks-a-1-16M-Multi-Year-Agreement-in-Central-America-to-introduce-its-VIROO-platform-in-local-universities.html,Virtualware inks a €1.16M Multi-Year Agreement in Central America to introduce its VIROO platform in local universities,BILBAO  Spain  April 11  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish technology company Virtualware  one of the European leaders in the virtual reality industry  has signed a multi-year contract with Corporación Digital SA de CV under which the company will further intr…,"BILBAO  Spain  April 11  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Spanish technology company Virtualware  one of the European leaders in the virtual reality industry  has signed a multi-year contract with Corporación Digital SA de CV under which the company will further introduce VIROO at the University of El Salvador.The agreement is worth approximately €1.16 million. As a result of the contract  Virtualware guarantees University of El Salvador the use of VIROO subscription plans for the next three years including the installation and maintenance of six additional VIROO VR rooms at different university campuses.Corporación Digital  a member of VIROO’s Partner Program  has been dedicated to the development of innovation projects in the area of ICT and Audiovisual in Central America for more than two decades. From its HQ in El Salvador  the company has been working in the Private  Academic and Public sectors  looking for those unattended technology needs that impact on the new forms and trends of information processing.""We are thrilled to bring our VIROO platform to the University of El Salvador and help improve the way people teach and learn. With VIROO  Central American teachers will have the ability to create and deploy virtual reality learning resources and activities autonomously  making the Virtual Reality-driven content creation process much simpler and valuable. This multi-year agreement with Corporación Digital is a significant milestone for Virtualware as we continue to expand our reach and stablish VIROO as the standard for developing industrial and educational Virtual Reality applications worldwide "" said Unai Extremo  CEO of Virtualware.""We have found VIROO to be one of the most complete and adaptable solutions for the education and training needs that our region is beginning to demand. Through this agreement  we will improve the way many people teach and learn at the University of El Salvador ” said Luis Segovia  Managing Director of Corporación Digital.Virtualware’s flagship product VIROO  the world's pioneering VR as a Service (VRaaS) platform  makes Virtual Reality accessible to companies and institutions of all sizes and sectors. It is an all-in-one digital solution that enables the development and deployment of multi-user Virtual Reality applications remotely.VIROO is already used by more than 40 companies and institutions worldwide including GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy  Ontario Power Generation  Gestamp  ADIF  the Spanish Ministry of Defense  El Retoño Technological University  and EAN University. The enterprise VR platform has been the backbone to develop strategic projects for defense ministries  critical infrastructure training projects  and innovative educational programs.VIROO aims to become the standard for developing industrial end educational Virtual Reality applications worldwide.Founded in 2004  Virtualware is one of the pioneering companies in the field of Virtual Reality  where its team of more than 50 people has already developed more than 500 projects in more than 33 countries. It is headquartered in Bilbao  Spain  and has a North American office in Hamilton (Canada).The corporation will go public on Euronext Paris on April 20 in a bell-ringing ceremony to be presided over by the company's two founders  Unai Extremo and Sergio Barrera.The listing will take place in the Access segment and follows a year and a half of preparation. Euronext is the pan-European stock exchange that groups together the stock exchanges of Paris  Amsterdam  Brussels  Oslo  Milan  and Dublin.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['€1.16M Multi-Year Agreement', 'Central America', 'VIROO platform', 'local universities', 'Virtualware', 'Corporación Digital SA de CV', 'industrial end educational Virtual Reality applications', 'Virtual Reality-driven content creation process', 'six additional VIROO VR rooms', 'El Retoño Technological University', 'GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy', 'multi-user Virtual Reality applications', 'virtual reality learning resources', 'critical infrastructure training projects', 'innovative educational programs', 'virtual reality industry', 'Spanish technology company Virtualware', 'one digital solution', 'next three years', 'unattended technology needs', 'Ontario Power Generation', 'North American office', 'Central American teachers', 'pan-European stock exchange', 'enterprise VR platform', 'different university campuses', 'VIROO subscription plans', 'flagship product VIROO', 'training needs', 'Spanish Ministry', 'El Salvador', 'stock exchanges', 'VRaaS) platform', 'innovation projects', 'strategic projects', 'VIROO platform', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'European leaders', 'Partner Program', 'two decades', 'Private, Academic', 'new forms', 'information processing', 'significant milestone', 'Unai Extremo', 'adaptable solutions', 'Luis Segovia', 'Managing Director', 'EAN University', 'bell-ringing ceremony', 'two founders', 'Sergio Barrera', 'Access segment', 'a half', 'multi-year contract', 'Public sectors', 'defense ministries', 'multi-year agreement', 'many people', 'Euronext Paris', 'pioneering companies', '500 projects', '40 companies', '50 people', 'BILBAO', 'Spain', 'result', 'installation', 'maintenance', 'member', 'development', 'area', 'ICT', 'Audiovisual', 'HQ', 'trends', 'way', 'ability', 'activities', 'reach', 'standard', 'CEO', 'complete', 'region', 'world', 'Service', 'institutions', 'sizes', 'deployment', 'Gestamp', 'ADIF', 'backbone', 'field', 'team', '33 countries', 'Hamilton', 'Canada', 'corporation', 'April', 'listing', 'place', 'preparation', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Oslo', 'Milan', 'Dublin']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,globenewswire.com
22661,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/11/2644043/0/en/Sarah-Dib-is-appointed-General-Counsel-of-Vallourec.html,Sarah Dib is appointed General Counsel of Vallourec,Sarah Dib is appointed General Counsel of Vallourec       Meudon (France)  11 April 2023 – Vallourec announces that...,"English FrenchSarah Dib is appointed General Counsel of VallourecMeudon (France)  11 April 2023 – Vallourec announces that Sarah Dib has been appointed Group General Counsel. She succeeds Nathalie Joannes and joins the Executive Committee.Sarah Dib joined the Group in January 2023 as Head of Legal Affairs in charge of corporate governance and stock exchange law and Secretary to the Board of Directors  after having worked for several years as a lawyer in international law offices.Philippe Guillemot  Chairman of the Board of Directors & CEO  said: ""I am delighted to announce Sarah’s expanded role as the Group’s General Counsel. Her corporate and stock exchange law expertise and international experience will help accelerate the implementation of the New Vallourec plan”.About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 16 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service. In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.For further information  please contact:Investor relationsInvestor.relations@vallourec.comPress relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50heloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.comIndividual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 800 505 110actionnaires@vallourec.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.61,0.39,0.01,True,English,"['Sarah Dib', 'General Counsel', 'Vallourec', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'Héloïse Rothenbühler', 'cutting edge R&D', 'new generation power plants', 'stock exchange law expertise', 'new technological frontiers', 'premium tubular solutions', 'demanding industrial applications', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'smart tubular solutions', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Toll Free Number', 'international law offices', 'New Vallourec plan', 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'Group General Counsel', 'international experience', 'English French', 'Nathalie Joannes', 'Executive Committee', 'Legal Affairs', 'several years', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'world leader', 'energy markets', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid', 'Next 150 indices', 'United States', 'Individual shareholders', 'Sarah Dib', 'Press relations', 'corporate governance', 'Ticker VK', 'Investor relations', 'Vallourec Vallourec', 'Meudon', 'France', 'April', 'January', 'Head', 'charge', 'Secretary', 'Board', 'Directors', 'lawyer', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'role', 'implementation', 'oil', 'challenging', 'close', '16,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'hand', 'customers', 'tubes', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'information', 'Tel', 'rothenbuhler', 'Attachment', '33']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,globenewswire.com
22662,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VALLOUREC-4723/news/Sarah-Dib-is-appointed-General-Counsel-of-Vallourec-43462521/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Sarah Dib is appointed General Counsel of Vallourec,(marketscreener.com)                        Sarah Dib is appointed General Counsel of Vallourec Meudon   11 April 2023 – Vallourec announces that Sarah Dib has been appointed Group General Counsel. She succeeds Nathalie Joannes and joins the Executive Commit…,"Sarah Dib is appointed General Counsel of VallourecMeudon (France)  11 April 2023 – Vallourec announces that Sarah Dib has been appointed Group General Counsel. She succeeds Nathalie Joannes and joins the Executive Committee.Sarah Dib joined the Group in January 2023 as Head of Legal Affairs in charge of corporate governance and stock exchange law and Secretary to the Board of Directors  after having worked for several years as a lawyer in international law offices.Philippe Guillemot  Chairman of the Board of Directors & CEO  said: ""I am delighted to announce Sarah’s expanded role as the Group’s General Counsel. Her corporate and stock exchange law expertise and international experience will help accelerate the implementation of the New Vallourec plan”.About VallourecVallourec is a world leader in premium tubular solutions for the energy markets and for demanding industrial applications such as oil & gas wells in harsh environments  new generation power plants  challenging architectural projects  and high-performance mechanical equipment. Vallourec’s pioneering spirit and cutting edge R&D open new technological frontiers. With close to 16 000 dedicated and passionate employees in more than 20 countries  Vallourec works hand-in-hand with its customers to offer more than just tubes: Vallourec delivers innovative  safe  competitive and smart tubular solutions  to make every project possible.Listed on Euronext in Paris (ISIN code: FR0013506730  Ticker VK)  Vallourec is part of the CAC Mid 60  SBF 120 and Next 150 indices and is eligible for Deferred Settlement Service. In the United States  Vallourec has established a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program (ISIN code: US92023R4074  Ticker: VLOWY). Parity between ADR and a Vallourec ordinary share has been set at 5:1.For further information  please contact:Investor relationsInvestor.relations@vallourec.comPress relationsHéloïse RothenbühlerTel: +33 (0)1 41 03 77 50heloise.rothenbuhler@vallourec.comIndividual shareholdersToll Free Number (from France): 0 800 505 110actionnaires@vallourec.comAttachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.55,0.45,0.0,True,English,"['Sarah Dib', 'General Counsel', 'Vallourec', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program', 'Héloïse Rothenbühler', 'new generation power plants', 'stock exchange law expertise', 'new technological frontiers', 'premium tubular solutions', 'demanding industrial applications', 'high-performance mechanical equipment', 'edge R&D', 'innovative, safe, competitive', 'smart tubular solutions', 'Deferred Settlement Service', 'Toll Free Number', 'international law offices', 'New Vallourec plan', 'Vallourec ordinary share', 'Group General Counsel', 'international experience', 'Nathalie Joannes', 'Executive Committee', 'Legal Affairs', 'several years', 'Philippe Guillemot', 'world leader', 'energy markets', 'gas wells', 'harsh environments', 'architectural projects', 'pioneering spirit', 'passionate employees', 'ISIN code', 'CAC Mid 60', 'Next 150 indices', 'United States', 'Individual shareholders', 'Sarah Dib', 'Press relations', 'corporate governance', 'Ticker VK', 'Investor relations', 'Vallourec Vallourec', 'Meudon', 'France', 'April', 'January', 'Head', 'charge', 'Secretary', 'Board', 'Directors', 'lawyer', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'role', 'implementation', 'oil', 'challenging', 'cutting', 'close', '16,000 dedicated', '20 countries', 'customers', 'tubes', 'Euronext', 'Paris', 'part', 'SBF', 'VLOWY', 'Parity', 'information', 'Tel', 'rothenbuhler', 'Attachment']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22663,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.irishtimes.com/business/markets/2023/04/11/global-markets-rally-as-traders-expect-interest-rates-to-peak-soon/,Global markets rally as traders expect interest rates to peak soon,Euronext Dublin outperformed international peers as it finished the day up 1.7% on the back of strong rallies,Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Photograph: Spencer Platt/GettyA gauge of global stocks rallied and bond yields inched higher on Tuesday as traders anticipate interest rates will soon peak  even as the market bets the Federal Reserve will tighten monetary policy further in May to tame inflation.DublinEuronext Dublin outperformed many of its international peers as it finished the day up 1.7 per cent on the back of strong rallies from some of its big hitters.Paddy Power Betfair parent Flutter Entertainment climbed 3 per cent. “That seemed to be a standout move  although one of the peers 888 was up 9 per cent on the day ” said one trader.Elsewhere  budget airline Ryanair was up 2 per cent at close of business  while insulation specialist Kingspan ended the day up 2.3 per cent.READ MOREMeanwhile  box-maker Smurfit Kappa finished up 2.5 per cent. “There was some positive broker commentary on Smurfit today and that pushed them on a bit ” noted a trader. “Some of the peers like DS Smith were also high so there was sectoral movement there as well.”It was a mixed bag in the food sector  however  as Kerry Group climbed 2 per cent while agri-services group Origin Enterprises ended the day down 1.5 per cent.Among the financial names  AIB and Bank of Ireland were unchanged on the day with trading volumes still light following the Easter weekend.LondonShares in London rose with the FTSE 100 up 0.6 per cent as traders returned from the long weekend in a buoyant mood.In company news  10-pin bowling operator Hollywood Bowl said that it had made a record £111 million (€126 million) in revenues in the six months to the end of March. Shares initially rose on Tuesday morning  but ended up closing down by 0.4 per cent.Elsewhere  Cineworld filed a restructuring plan in US bankruptcy court on Tuesday  setting out a plan that will wipe out shareholders.The business hopes to fix its $5 billion pile of debt before it exits bankruptcy proceedings in the country  but shareholders will be left without “any recovery”  the business said. Shares dipped by more than 35 per cent.The biggest risers on the FTSE 100 were Rio Tinto  up 260p to 5 555p; Antofagasta  up 71.5p to 1 551.5p; Anglo American  up 108.5p to 2 709p; Glencore  up 14.9p to 472.25p; and Flutter Entertainment  up 470p to 15 210p.The biggest fallers were Beazley  down 9.5p to 593p; Unite Group  down 15.0p to 964p; London Stock Exchange  down 94.0p to 7 928p; Haleon  down 3.9p to 346.7p; and GSK  down 16.6p to 1 506.4p.EuropeOn the continent  stock indices continued to rise despite the IMF expecting global growth to slow from 3.4 per cent in 2022 to a downwardly revised 2.8 per cent this year.The Cac 40 in Paris rose by 1 per cent  hitting an all-time high during the day  while Germany’s Dax index was also in the green  up 0.4 per cent.MSCI’s gauge of stocks across the globe gained 0.35 per cent and the pan-European Stoxx 600 index rose 0.56 per cent.New YorkThe benchmark S&P 500 edged higher  with economy-sensitive energy and material stocks leading gains ahead of Wednesday’s inflation data that is likely to determine the US Federal Reserve’s next policy move.Losses in megacap stocks such as Microsoft and Amazon weighed on the tech-heavy Nasdaq as US treasury yields crept higher  while gains in industrial stocks such as Caterpillar boosted the Dow.Shares of crypto-related companies such as Coinbase Global  Riot Platforms and Marathon Digital Holdings climbed between 8 per cent and 12 per cent as bitcoin breached the key $30 000 level for the first time in 10 months.CarMax rallied 11.4 per cent as the used-car retailer reported a quarterly profit that beat estimates.Moderna fell 4.3 per cent as the company said its closely watched flu vaccine did not meet the criteria for early success in a late-stage trial. – Additional reporting: agencies,neutral,0.09,0.9,0.01,mixed,0.21,0.12,0.67,True,English,"['Global markets', 'interest rates', 'traders', 'Paddy Power Betfair parent Flutter Entertainment', 'agri-services group Origin Enterprises', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'budget airline Ryanair', 'positive broker commentary', '10-pin bowling operator', 'benchmark S&P', 'Marathon Digital Holdings', 'US bankruptcy court', 'pan-European Stoxx 600 index', 'US treasury yields', 'London Stock Exchange', 'US Federal Reserve', 'next policy move', 'stock indices', 'Kerry Group', 'Unite Group', 'bond yields', 'monetary policy', 'standout move', 'bankruptcy proceedings', 'Dax index', 'Spencer Platt', 'interest rates', 'market bets', 'strong rallies', 'big hitters', 'insulation specialist', 'DS Smith', 'sectoral movement', 'mixed bag', 'food sector', 'financial names', 'trading volumes', 'Easter weekend', 'long weekend', 'buoyant mood', 'Hollywood Bowl', '$5 billion pile', 'biggest risers', 'Rio Tinto', 'Anglo American', 'biggest fallers', 'global growth', 'The Cac', 'economy-sensitive energy', 'crypto-related companies', 'Coinbase Global', 'Riot Platforms', 'key $30,000 level', 'first time', 'car retailer', 'quarterly profit', 'flu vaccine', 'early success', 'late-stage trial', 'Additional reporting', '0.4 per cent', '35 per cent', '3.4 per cent', '1 per cent', '8 per cent', '12 per cent', 'global stocks', 'material stocks', 'megacap stocks', 'industrial stocks', 'Euronext Dublin', 'one trader', 'Smurfit Kappa', 'company news', 'six months', 'restructuring plan', 'inflation data', 'international peers', 'Tuesday morning', '10 months', 'Traders', 'floor', 'Photograph', 'Getty', 'gauge', 'May', 'back', 'close', 'business', 'Kingspan', 'READ', 'box-maker', 'bit', 'AIB', 'Ireland', 'Shares', 'FTSE', 'record', 'revenues', 'March', 'Cineworld', 'shareholders', 'debt', 'country', 'recovery', 'Antofagasta', 'Glencore', 'Beazley', '593p', 'Haleon', 'GSK', 'continent', 'IMF', 'Paris', 'Germany', 'green', 'MSCI', 'globe', 'gains', 'Wednesday', 'Losses', 'Microsoft', 'Amazon', 'Caterpillar', 'Dow', 'CarMax', 'estimates', 'Moderna', 'criteria', 'agencies', '0.35']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,irishtimes.com
22664,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOCARTIS-GROUP-NV-22033639/news/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Invitation-to-the-Annual-Shareholders-Meeting-43462310/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Invitation to the Annual Shareholders' Meeting,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION 11 April 2023  07:01 CEST Invitation to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting Mechelen  Belgium  11 April 2023 – Biocartis Group NV   an innovative molecular diagnostics company   has the honor to invite it…,PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION11 April 2023  07:01 CESTInvitation to the Annual Shareholders’ MeetingMechelen  Belgium  11 April 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  has the honor to invite its shareholders  holders of subscription rights  holders of convertible bonds  directors and statutory auditor to its annual shareholders' meeting (‘AGM’) that will be held on Friday 12 May 2023 at 2:00 p.m. CEST at the offices of the Company at Generaal de Wittelaan 11B  2800 Mechelen  Belgium.In order to be admitted to the AGM  the holders of securities issued by the Company must comply with Article 7:134 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations and the articles of association of the Company  and fulfill the formalities described in the convening notice. The convening notice and other documents relating to the AGM can be consulted on the website of the Company.--- END ---More information:Renate DegraveHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.08,0.16,0.76,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', ""Annual Shareholders' Meeting"", 'Press release', 'Invitation', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'Generaal de Wittelaan', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'fastest growing segment', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', ""annual shareholders' meeting"", 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'accurate molecular information', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Investor Relations Biocartis', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'individual Biocartis product', 'United States Securities', 'molecular testing', 'product labeling', 'The Biocartis', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'subscription rights', 'convertible bonds', 'statutory auditor', 'Friday 12 May', 'Belgian Code', 'convening notice', 'other documents', 'Renate Degrave', 'Corporate Communications', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'based system', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'liver cancer', 'other countries', 'Idylla™ trademark', 'intended uses', 'Exchange Commission', 'financial condition', 'financial effects', 'Forward-looking statements', 'More information', 'future periods', 'universal access', 'current expectations', 'past trends', 'actual events', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'future events', 'future performance', 'Company directors', 'April', 'Invitation', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'honor', 'AGM', 'CEST', 'offices', 'order', 'Article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'formalities', 'website', 'Head', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'lung', 'COVID', 'Flu', 'RSV', 'sepsis', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'trademarks', 'Europe', 'logo', 'applicable', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'persons', 'restrictions', 'responsibility', 'violation', 'offer', 'sale', 'purchase', 'America', 'registration', 'exemption', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'industry', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'technology', 'development', 'activities', 'guarantees', 'representation', 'addition', 'warranties', 'accuracy', 'fairness', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'updates', 'revisions', 'conditions', 'circumstances', '07', '2:00']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22665,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/BIOCARTIS-GROUP-NV-22033639/news/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Biocartis-Announces-Publication-of-2022-Annual-Report-43462292/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Biocartis Announces Publication of 2022 Annual Report,(marketscreener.com) PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION 11 April 2023  07:00 CEST Biocartis Announces Publication of 2022 Annual Report Mechelen  Belgium  11 April 2023 – Biocartis Group NV   an innovative molecular diagnostics company   today announces the…,PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION11 April 2023  07:00 CESTBiocartis Announces Publication of 2022 Annual ReportMechelen  Belgium  11 April 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  today announces the publication of its 2022 annual report.The 2022 annual report among others includes the consolidated financial statements and performance of Biocartis for the financial year ended on 31 December 2022. The report is available as a PDF and XBRL file and can be downloaded here from the website of the Company.The audited consolidated financial statements include a presentation of the Company’s various recapitalization transactions which differs from the presentation included in the unaudited consolidated financial information published on 23 February 2023. This difference in accounting presentation mainly results from the recognition of the fair value of the new convertible bonds’ embedded conversion option and the transaction costs through the income statement  rather than directly through equity or as a deduction from liabilities. Consequently  the derecognition of the existing convertible bonds and the recognition of the new convertible bonds resulted in an accounting loss of EUR 7.3m  as opposed to an accounting gain of EUR 10.5m. The aforementioned difference in accounting treatment has no impact on the Company’s cash or on the principal amount of its financial obligations.--- END ---More information:Renate DegraveHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.09,0.14,0.77,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Press release', '2022 Annual Report', 'Publication', 'new convertible bonds’ embedded conversion option', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'unaudited consolidated financial information', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'existing convertible bonds', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'various recapitalization transactions', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'fastest growing segment', 'applicable intended uses', 'accurate molecular information', 'consolidated financial statements', 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'United States Securities', 'individual Biocartis product', 'accounting treatment', 'molecular testing', 'financial year', 'financial obligations', 'financial condition', 'financial effects', 'product labeling', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'More information', 'Forward-looking statements', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'XBRL file', 'fair value', 'transaction costs', 'income statement', 'accounting loss', 'accounting gain', 'principal amount', 'Renate Degrave', 'Corporate Communications', 'Investor Relations', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'liver cancer', 'other countries', 'Idylla™ trademark', 'Exchange Commission', 'current expectations', 'The Biocartis', '2022 Annual Report', 'universal access', 'actual events', 'past trends', 'actual results', 'accounting presentation', 'other factors', 'future events', 'future performance', 'April', '07:00 CEST', 'Publication', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'others', '31 December', 'PDF', 'website', '23 February', 'difference', 'recognition', 'equity', 'deduction', 'liabilities', 'impact', 'cash', 'Head', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'system', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'lung', 'COVID', 'Flu', 'RSV', 'sepsis', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'trademarks', 'Europe', 'logo', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'persons', 'restrictions', 'responsibility', 'violation', 'offer', 'invitation', 'sale', 'purchase', 'America', 'registration', 'exemption', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'industry', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'technology', 'development', 'activities', 'guarantees', 'representation', 'addition']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22666,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CELLECTIS-S-A-42457/news/Cellectis-Announces-Dosing-of-the-First-Patient-in-Europe-with-its-In-house-Manufactured-Product-Can-43470156/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Cellectis Announces Dosing of the First Patient in Europe with its In-house Manufactured Product Candidate UCART22,(marketscreener.com) UCART22 is currently the most advanced allogeneic CAR T-cell product in development for relapsed or refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia The BALLI-01 study is actively enrolling patients with relapsed or refractory B-cell ALL af…,UCART22 is currently the most advanced allogeneic CAR T-cell product in development for relapsed or refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemiaThe BALLI-01 study (evaluating UCART22) is actively enrolling patients with relapsed or refractory B-cell ALL after FCA lymphodepletionNEW YORK  April 11  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Cellectis (the “Company”) (Euronext Growth: ALCLS - NASDAQ: CLLS)  a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies  today announced that the first patient in Europe has been dosed in France with its in-house manufactured product candidate UCART22 and completed the 28-day Dose Limiting Toxicity period.“Our team has worked tirelessly to expand our BALLI-01 clinical study (evaluating UCART22) to Europe. Dosing our first patient in France with our UCART22 product candidate manufactured in-house is an important advancement for Cellectis ” said Mark Frattini  M.D.  Ph.D.  Chief Medical Officer at Cellectis. “By targeting the CD22 antigen  we aim at offering a novel therapeutic alternative to patients living with relapsed/refractory B-cell ALL  including those patients who have relapsed or did not respond to CD19-directed therapy.”UCART22 is an allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidate that targets CD22 and is evaluated in the BALLI-01 clinical study  a Phase 1/2a open-label study designed to evaluate the safety and clinical activity of the product candidate in patients with r/r B-cell ALL. UCART22 is currently the most advanced allogeneic CAR T-cell product in development for r/r B-cell ALL.With its proprietary GMP manufacturing facilities in both Raleigh (North Carolina) and Paris (France)  Cellectis has taken full control of UCART production and manufacturing timelines. Cellectis believes that its off-the-shelf treatment approach  coupled with its ability to manufacture UCART product candidates completely in-house  gives the Company a main advantage on the market: it potentially maximizes the chances for eligible patients to be treated without delay.In December 2022  Cellectis presented positive preliminary clinical data for UCART22 in a Live Webcast  that support the continued administration of UCART22 after fludarabine  cyclophosphamide and alemtuzumab (FCA) lymphodepletion in patients with r/r B-cell ALL. The BALLI-01 study (evaluating UCART22) is actively enrolling patients with r/r B-cell ALL after FCA lymphodepletion. For more information  eligibility criteria and trial locations  please visit www.clinicaltrials.gov (NCT04150497) or contact clinicaltrials@cellectis.comAbout CellectisCellectis is a clinical-stage biotechnology company using its pioneering gene-editing platform to develop life-saving cell and gene therapies. Cellectis utilizes an allogeneic approach for CAR-T immunotherapies in oncology  pioneering the concept of off-the-shelf and ready-to-use gene-edited CAR T-cells to treat cancer patients  and a platform to make therapeutic gene editing in hemopoietic stem cells for various diseases. As a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with over 23 years of experience and expertise in gene editing  Cellectis is developing life-changing product candidates utilizing TALEN®  its gene editing technology  and PulseAgile  its pioneering electroporation system to harness the power of the immune system in order to treat diseases with unmet medical needs. Cellectis’ headquarters are in Paris  France  with locations in New York  New York and Raleigh  North Carolina. Cellectis is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (ticker: CLLS) and on Euronext Growth (ticker: ALCLS).Forward-looking StatementsThis press release contains “forward-looking” statements within the meaning of applicable securities laws  including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “anticipate ” “believe ” “intend”  “expect ” “plan ” “scheduled ” “could” and “will ” or the negative of these and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements  which are based on our management’s current expectations and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Forward-looking statements include statements about advancement  timing and progress of clinical trials (including with respect to patient enrollment and follow-up)  the timing of our presentation of data and submission of regulatory filings  the operational capabilities at our manufacturing facilities  the potential of our preclinical programs  and the sufficiency of cash to fund operations. These forward-looking statements are made in light of information currently available to us and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  including with respect to the numerous risks associated with biopharmaceutical product candidate development. With respect to our cash runway  our operating plans  including product development plans  may change as a result of various factors  including factors currently unknown to us. Furthermore  many other important factors  including those described in our Annual Report on Form 20-F and the financial report (including the management report) for the year ended December 31  2022 and subsequent filings Cellectis makes with the Securities Exchange Commission from time to time  as well as other known and unknown risks and uncertainties may adversely affect such forward-looking statements and cause our actual results  performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Except as required by law  we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements  even if new information becomes available in the future.For further information on Cellectis  please contact:Media contact:Pascalyne Wilson  Director  Communications  +33 (0)7 76 99 14 33  media@cellectis.comInvestor Relations contacts:Arthur Stril  Chief Business Officer  +1 (347) 809 5980  investors@cellectis.comAshley R. Robinson  LifeSci Advisors  +1 617 430 7577Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.38,0.22,0.4,True,English,"['Manufactured Product Candidate UCART22', 'First Patient', 'Cellectis', 'Dosing', 'Europe', 'house', '28-day Dose Limiting Toxicity period', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'advanced allogeneic CAR T-cell product', 'refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'allogeneic CAR T-cell product candidate', 'Phase 1/2a open-label study', 'proprietary GMP manufacturing facilities', 'many other important factors', 'positive preliminary clinical data', 'biopharmaceutical product candidate development', 'applicable securities laws', 'life-changing product candidates', 'The BALLI-01 study', 'BALLI-01 clinical study', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'UCART product candidates', 'hemopoietic stem cells', 'unmet medical needs', 'relapsed/refractory B-cell ALL', 'r B-cell ALL', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'novel therapeutic alternative', 'pioneering electroporation system', 'pioneering gene-editing platform', 'product development plans', 'clinical-stage biotechnology company', 'UCART22 product candidate', 'gene editing technology', 'shelf treatment approach', 'Nasdaq Global Market', 'allogeneic approach', 'CAR T-cells', 'clinical activity', 'clinical trials', 'r/r B-cell', 'therapeutic gene', 'manufacturing timelines', 'important advancement', 'UCART production', 'immune system', 'operating plans', 'various factors', 'gene therapies', 'FCA lymphodepletion', 'NEW YORK', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Growth', 'life-saving cell', 'first patient', 'Mark Frattini', 'M.D.', 'Ph.D.', 'CD19-directed therapy', 'North Carolina', 'full control', 'main advantage', 'Live Webcast', 'continued administration', 'FCA) lymphodepletion', 'eligibility criteria', 'CAR-T immunotherapies', 'press release', 'similar expressions', 'current expectations', 'patient enrollment', 'regulatory filings', 'operational capabilities', 'preclinical programs', 'numerous risks', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'CD22 antigen', 'trial locations', 'various diseases', 'cash runway', 'eligible patients', 'cancer patients', 'Cellectis’ headquarters', 'ALCLS', 'CLLS', 'Europe', 'France', 'house', 'team', 'safety', 'Raleigh', 'Paris', 'ability', 'chances', 'delay', 'December', 'fludarabine', 'cyclophosphamide', 'alemtuzumab', 'information', 'clinicaltrials', 'oncology', 'concept', '23 years', 'experience', 'expertise', 'PulseAgile', 'power', 'order', 'meaning', 'words', 'believe', 'management', 'assumptions', 'timing', 'progress', 'respect', 'follow-up', 'presentation', 'submission', 'potential', 'sufficiency', 'operations', 'light', 'uncertainties', 'result', 'Annual', '®']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22667,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/11/2644032/0/en/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Invitation-to-the-Annual-Shareholders-Meeting.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Invitation to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting,PRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION  11 April 2023  07:01 CEST  Invitation to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting  Mechelen  Belgium  11 April 2023 –......,English DutchPRESS RELEASE: REGULATED INFORMATION11 April 2023  07:01 CESTInvitation to the Annual Shareholders’ MeetingMechelen  Belgium  11 April 2023 – Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  has the honor to invite its shareholders  holders of subscription rights  holders of convertible bonds  directors and statutory auditor to its annual shareholders' meeting (‘AGM’) that will be held on Friday 12 May 2023 at 2:00 p.m. CEST at the offices of the Company at Generaal de Wittelaan 11B  2800 Mechelen  Belgium.In order to be admitted to the AGM  the holders of securities issued by the Company must comply with Article 7:134 of the Belgian Code of Companies and Associations and the articles of association of the Company  and fulfill the formalities described in the convening notice. The convening notice and other documents relating to the AGM can be consulted on the website of the Company.--- END ---More information:Renate DegraveHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.1,0.12,0.78,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Press release', 'Invitation', 'faster, informed treatment decisions', 'key unmet clinical needs', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'molecular diagnostics market', 'Generaal de Wittelaan', 'Polymerase Chain Reaction', 'fastest growing segment', 'Annual Shareholders’ Meeting', ""annual shareholders' meeting"", 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'accurate molecular information', 'molecular diagnostic tests', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'Investor Relations Biocartis', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'individual Biocartis product', 'United States Securities', 'molecular testing', 'product labeling', 'The Biocartis', 'English Dutch', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Euronext Brussels', 'subscription rights', 'convertible bonds', 'statutory auditor', 'Friday 12 May', 'Belgian Code', 'convening notice', 'other documents', 'More information', 'Renate Degrave', 'Corporate Communications', 'personalized medicine', 'real-time PCR', 'based system', 'minimum amount', 'expanding menu', 'liver cancer', 'other countries', 'Idylla™ trademark', 'Exchange Commission', 'financial condition', 'financial effects', 'Forward-looking statements', 'future periods', 'universal access', 'current expectations', 'past trends', 'actual events', 'other factors', 'actual results', 'future events', 'future performance', 'April', 'Invitation', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'honor', 'directors', 'CEST', 'offices', 'order', 'AGM', 'Article', 'Companies', 'Associations', 'formalities', 'website', 'Head', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'world', 'sample', 'house', 'focus', 'oncology', 'melanoma', 'colorectal', 'lung', 'COVID', 'Flu', 'RSV', 'sepsis', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'LinkedIn', 'trademarks', 'Europe', 'logo', 'applicable', 'uses', 'distribution', 'jurisdiction', 'persons', 'restrictions', 'responsibility', 'violation', 'offer', 'sale', 'purchase', 'America', 'registration', 'exemption', 'beliefs', 'opinions', 'projections', 'operations', 'liquidity', 'prospects', 'growth', 'strategies', 'industry', 'nature', 'number', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'assumptions', 'outcome', 'plans', 'multitude', 'changes', 'demand', 'competition', 'technology', 'development', 'activities', 'guarantees', 'representation', 'addition', 'warranties', 'accuracy', 'fairness', 'obligation', 'undertaking', 'updates', 'revisions', 'conditions', 'circumstances', '07', '2:00']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,globenewswire.com
22668,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/11/2644216/0/en/TECO-2030-to-Webcast-Live-at-VirtualInvestorConferences-com-April-13th.html,TECO 2030 to Webcast Live at VirtualInvestorConferences.com April 13th,Company invites individual and institutional investors  as well as advisors and analysts  to attend real-time  interactive presentations on VirtualInvestorConferences.com Company invites individual and institutional investors  as well as advisors and analysts…,LYSAKER  Norway  April 11  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- TECO 2030 (OTCQX: TECFF OSE: TECO)  based in Norway  focused on fuel cell technology for maritime and heavy-duty applications  today announced that Tore Enger  Group CEO  will present live at the Technology Investor Forum  hosted by VirtualInvestorConferences.com  on April 13th  2023.DATE: April 13th  2023TIME: 11:30 - 12:00 PM ETLINK: https://tinyurl.com/2s3mtpb3Available for 1x1 meetings:April 13th: 12pm-3pm ETApril 14th: 9am-1pm ETApril 21st: 8am – 11am ETThis will be a live  interactive online event where investors are invited to ask the company questions in real-time. If attendees are not able to join the event live on the day of the conference  an archived webcast will also be made available after the event.It is recommended that investors pre-register and run the online system check to expedite participation and receive event updates.Learn more about the event at www.virtualinvestorconferences.com .Some key financial highlights:Primary listed on Euronext Growth at Oslo Stock Exchange since October 2020. Secondary listings in Germany and on OTCQX in New York.Raised approx. MEUR 28 - in equity  approx. MEUR 8 - in convertible bond and been granted approx. MEUR 17.5 - from Innovation Norway  Horizon Europe  ENOVA among others.Outstanding quotes represent approx. EUR 500 million.Approx. 20% of shareholders represent German Retail Investors  TECO Group holds approx. 30%  SunHydrogen (strategic investor) holds approx. 8% and family offices hold approx. 12%.Expected EBITDA positive in 2024.Some key operational highlights:First fuel cell stack has been produced and launched  AVL test lab office  Vancouver  December 2022. More units are under construction.Building Europe’s first Gigafactory for production of 400kW Fuel Cell Modules  production goals of 400MW in 2025 increasing to 1GW in 2028. Start of manual production mid-Q2 2023.Production equipment contracted with thyssenkrupp Automation Engineering GmbH. Commissioning expected H1 2024.Core team at Gigafactory already onboard built on previous experience from REC Solar’s activities in the same building from 2008-2012.Unique Fuel Cell IP and industrial development processes deployed together with AVL List GmbH.A Standard fuel cell module which can be utilized for heavy duty applications such as ships  ferry’s  construction sites  mining  data centers among others.Pilot container in operation during Q4 2023 for Implenia Norway  a subsidiary of Implenia AG.HyEkoTank project co-funded by Horizon Europe and Shell with MEUR 10 -. Fuel Cell retrofit installation on product tanker in 2024.Currently completing a feasibility study together with AVL for potentially industrializing a heavy-duty truck FC module which utilizes TECO 2030 100kW stacks.About TECO 2030TECO 2030 is building up Europe's first Giga production facility of hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks and modules in Narvik  Norway. The production capacity will be built up through 2023 and early 2024  targeting an output capacity of 120 MW of fuel cells in 2024  400 MW in 2025 and 1.6 GW in 2030.TECO 2030 is a Norwegian based clean tech company developing zero-emission technology for the maritime and heavy industry. We are developing PEM hydrogen fuel cell stacks and PEM hydrogen fuel cell modules  that enable ships and other heavy-duty applications to become emissions-free. The company is listed on Euronext Growth on Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker TECO and in New York  OTCQX under the ticker TECFF. TECO2030 is a spinoff from TECO Maritime Group  a group that has provided technology and services to the global shipping industry since 1994. For more information  please visit www.teco2030.no.About Virtual Investor Conferences®Virtual Investor Conferences (VIC) is the leading proprietary investor conference series that provides an interactive forum for publicly traded companies to seamlessly present directly to investors.Providing a real-time investor engagement solution  VIC is specifically designed to offer companies more efficient investor access. Replicating the components of an on-site investor conference  VIC offers companies enhanced capabilities to connect with investors  schedule targeted one-on-one meetings and enhance their presentations with dynamic video content. Accelerating the next level of investor engagement  Virtual Investor Conferences delivers leading investor communications to a global network of retail and institutional investors.CONTACTS:TECO 2030Tore EngerGroup CEO+47 920 83 800Tore.enger@teco2030.noVirtual Investor ConferencesJohn M. ViglottiSVP Corporate Services  Investor AccessOTC Markets Group(212) 220-2221johnv@otcmarkets.com,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.95,0.04,0.01,True,English,"['TECO', 'Webcast', 'VirtualInvestorConferences', 'April', 'A Standard fuel cell module', 'hydrogen PEM fuel cell stacks', 'PEM hydrogen fuel cell stacks', 'Norwegian based clean tech company', 'PEM hydrogen fuel cell modules', 'leading proprietary investor conference series', 'Unique Fuel Cell IP', 'Fuel Cell retrofit installation', '400kW Fuel Cell Modules', 'First fuel cell stack', 'heavy-duty truck FC module', 'AVL test lab office', 'first Giga production facility', 'real-time investor engagement solution', 'live, interactive online event', 'fuel cell technology', 'Tore Enger Group CEO', 'leading investor communications', 'online system check', 'key financial highlights', 'Oslo Stock Exchange', 'key operational highlights', 'Automation Engineering GmbH', 'industrial development processes', 'dynamic video content', 'John M. Viglotti', 'Virtual Investor Conferences®', 'TECO 2030 100kW stacks', 'AVL List GmbH', 'other heavy-duty applications', 'OTC Markets Group', 'efficient investor access', 'heavy duty applications', 'global shipping industry', 'SVP Corporate Services', 'Technology Investor Forum', 'German Retail Investors', 'fuel cells', 'TECO Maritime Group', 'interactive forum', 'heavy industry', 'strategic investor', 'first Gigafactory', 'company questions', 'global network', 'zero-emission technology', 'production goals', 'manual production', 'Production equipment', 'production capacity', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'VirtualInvestorConferences.com', '1x1 meetings', 'Euronext Growth', 'Secondary listings', 'New York', 'convertible bond', 'Outstanding quotes', 'TECO Group', 'family offices', 'More units', 'Core team', 'previous experience', 'REC Solar', 'same building', 'data centers', 'Pilot container', 'Implenia AG', 'HyEkoTank project', 'product tanker', 'feasibility study', 'output capacity', 'enhanced capabilities', 'one meetings', 'next level', 'event updates', 'Horizon Europe', 'Building Europe', 'TECFF OSE', 'construction sites', 'institutional investors', 'Innovation Norway', 'Implenia Norway', 'LYSAKER', 'April', 'OTCQX', '9am', '8am', '11am', 'attendees', 'day', 'webcast', 'participation', 'Primary', 'October', 'Germany', 'equity', 'MEUR', 'ENOVA', 'others', 'shareholders', 'SunHydrogen', 'EBITDA', 'Vancouver', 'December', '400MW', '1GW', 'Start', 'Q2', 'activities', 'ships', 'ferry', 'mining', 'Q4', 'subsidiary', 'Shell', 'Narvik', '120 MW', '400 MW', '1.6 GW', 'ticker', 'TECO2030', 'spinoff', 'information', 'companies', 'components', 'presentations', 'CONTACTS', 'johnv', 'otcmarkets', '11:30', '12:00', '2023', '2024']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,globenewswire.com
22669,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/11/2644050/0/en/Van-Lanschot-Kempen-update-on-share-buy-back-programme-4-April-2023-6-April-2023.html,Van Lanschot Kempen: update on share buy-back programme 4 April 2023 – 6 April 2023,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  11 April 2023    In the period from 4 April 2023 until 6 April 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased...,English DutchAmsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  11 April 2023In the period from 4 April 2023 until 6 April 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 31 502 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). The shares were repurchased at an average price of €28.30 per share for a total amount of €891 553.These repurchases are part of the share buy-back programme for at most 350 000 of own shares  which was announced on 23 February 2023. The total number of shares repurchased to date is 306 080.More information  including a detailed overview of the repurchase transactions under this programme  is available on www.vanlanschotkempen.com/sharebuyback.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.26,0.74,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'update', 'April', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'positive long-term financial', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'share buy-back programme', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'financial instrument', 'English Dutch', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'depositary receipts', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'detailed overview', 'repurchase transactions', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Management', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'More information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', '11 April', 'period', '4 April', '6 April', 'repurchases', 'part', '23 February', 'date', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'mediarelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,globenewswire.com
22670,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/HYDROGENE-DE-FRANCE-124047110/news/Hydrogene-De-France-Solid-commercial-rollout-and-financial-structure-in-line-with-strategic-pl-43468914/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Hydrogène De France :  Solid commercial rollout and financial structure in line with strategic plan,(marketscreener.com)  Bordeaux  11 April 2023 – Hydrogène de France   a global pioneer in high-power hydrogen power plants  presents its business activity and financial statements for the 2022 financial year. The consolidated financial statements were appro…,"Bordeaux  11 April 2023 – Hydrogène de France (“HDF Energy” or the “Company” – Euronext Paris: HDF)  a global pioneer in high-power hydrogen power plants  presents its business activity and financial statements for the 2022 financial year. The consolidated financial statements were approved by the Board of Directors on 6 April 2023. The audit procedures on the consolidated financial statements have been completed and the auditors' report will be issued shortly.Key figures 2022 2021 Capacity of plants under development (MW) 751 591 Annual average headcount1 57 25 Revenues (€000) 3 462 885 Gains on sale of shares in subsidiaries2 (€000) 1 041 - Consolidated net income/(loss) (€000) (3 371) (3 520) Shareholders' equity (€000) 107 410 109 145 Cash and cash equivalents (€000) 87 359 95 123Employees and contractors in countries where the Company has no dedicated legal entity Investors taking shares in SPVsRobust project portfolioCommercial rollout remained the Group's main goal in 2022. The establishment of strong teams comprising 45 developers across all target regions (versus 23 at 31 December 2021) has allowed the Company to build a robust portfolio of large-scale projects and partnerships at 31 December 2022. As a result  the capacity of power plants under development in the portfolio increased over 25% versus 31 December 2021.Portfolio monitoring provides the earliest indicator of HDF's value creation for both the Group and all project stakeholders. HDF estimates that it is able to generate revenues representing between 12% and 17% of the cost of construction during the development and construction phases  including via the provision of engineering services and supply of fuel cells during the power plant construction phase.Strong revenue growth in 2022Consolidated revenues for 2022 totalled €3.5 million versus €0.9 million in 2021. This includes €3.0 million recognised under the development contract for the Renewstable Barbados (RSB) project since February 2022  when the Rubis Group became RSB's majority shareholder.Furthermore  invoicing issued by HDF in 2022 for project management assistance services for projects over which the Group will retain control  the impact of which is eliminated in the consolidated financial statements  amounted to €3.0 million. This value creation is recognised indirectly through gains or losses on disposal of the investments when control is lost.Accordingly  in 2022 the Group posted a €1 million gain on disposal following the loss of control in RSB.Performance in line with strategic planThe acceleration of the development plan and team structuring led to an increase in operating expenses. Average headcount (employees and contractors) rose from 25 in 2021 to 57 in 2022.As a consequence  the consolidated net loss is monitored at €3.4 million in 2022 compared to €3.5 million in 2021.The 2021 net loss included non-recurring expenses such as IPO costs and the non-conversion premium on convertible bonds.Solid financial structure  promising outlookAt 31 December 2022  Group shareholders' equity stood at €107.4 million compared to €109.1 million at 31 December 2021. Cash and cash equivalents amounted to €87.4 million versus €95.1 million at 31 December 2021.As such  the Company's financial position allows to continue its development and accelerate its commercial rollout.As for the CEOG power plant in Guyana  various demonstrations have held up construction work  with limited financial consequences for the Group.Furthermore  the strong momentum observed in 2022 has continued into 2023 with the signing of partnerships  notably with the governments of Indonesia and Zimbabwe. HDF Energy is therefore entering the year 2023 with confidence.Lastly  HDF Energy reached a new milestone on 24 February 2023 by officially launching the construction of its manufacturing plant in France dedicated to the mass production of high-power fuel cells. The plant is expected to start operating in 2024 and to contribute towards achieving the Group's ambitions.Damien Havard  Chairman and CEO of Hydrogène de France  said: “In line with our strategic plan  in 2022 we stepped up prospecting and team structuring across all our regions. We made very concrete and material progress in all our regions. Our solid financial structure allows for a serene deployment of our operations in 2023.”ABOUT HYDROGÈNE DE FRANCE (HDF Energy)HDF Energy is a global pioneer in high-power hydrogen power plants. The Company designs and develops power plants that generate non-intermittent  non-polluting renewable energy  day and night. In addition  HDF Energy organizes the financing  construction and operation of these power plants through SPVs.HDF is the designer of Renewstable®  its flagship model of multi-megawatt power plants producing firm power from an intermittent renewable energy source (wind or solar) and massive energy storage in the form of green hydrogen generated on site.HDF Energy is also an industrial company which will mass produce  from 2024  the most strategic component of its power plants - high-power fuel cells - in its plant near Bordeaux. Already a major supplier of electricity for energy grids  this industrial activity will also allow HDF Energy to serve the heavy marine and rail mobility markets. Alongside its strategic partners  the Company develops projects involving hydrogen-powered freight locomotives and large vessel propulsion and auxiliary power systems.Founded in 2012 and headquartered in Bordeaux (France)  the Company operates on five continents and is developing a business portfolio currently worth over €5 billion.HDF Energy is listed in Euronext Compartment B.Read financial information on Hydrogène de Franceat www.hdf-energy.comContactsInvestors Relations Press Relations Margaux ROUILLARD+ 33 (0)1 53 67 36 32hdf-energy@actus.fr Serena BONI+33 (0)4 72 18 04 92sboni@actus.frThis publication embed ""🔒 Actusnews SECURITY MASTER "".- SECURITY MASTER Key: lZudlsdrlmednp+caMptaJWUnJmVlZSYbGjIl2FrYpnKmpqTyW5qa5udZnBql25o- Check this key: https://www.security-master-key.com.Regulated information:Inside Information:- News release on accounts  results Full and original press release in PDF: https://www.actusnews.com/news/79292-hdf_resultats-2022_en.pdfReceive by email the next press releases of the company by registering on www.actusnews.com  it's free© 2023 ActusNews",neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.46,0.13,0.41,True,English,"['Hydrogène De', 'Solid commercial rollout', 'financial structure', 'strategic plan', 'France', 'line', 'intermittent, non-polluting renewable energy', 'intermittent renewable energy source', 'project management assistance services', 'Hydrogène de France', 'high-power hydrogen power plants', 'power plant construction phase', 'dedicated legal entity', 'high-power fuel cells', 'Solid financial structure', 'limited financial consequences', '591 Annual average headcount1', 'massive energy storage', 'Strong revenue growth', 'CEOG power plant', 'multi-megawatt power plants', 'Consolidated net income', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Robust project portfolio', ""Group shareholders' equity"", 'green hydrogen', 'engineering services', 'firm power', 'project stakeholders', 'financial position', 'robust portfolio', 'manufacturing plant', 'strong teams', 'strong momentum', 'HDF Energy', 'Consolidated revenues', 'RSB) project', '2022 financial year', 'Euronext Paris', 'global pioneer', 'business activity', 'audit procedures', ""auditors' report"", 'Key figures', 'Commercial rollout', 'main goal', 'Portfolio monitoring', 'earliest indicator', 'value creation', 'majority shareholder', '€1 million gain', 'strategic plan', 'operating expenses', 'net loss', 'non-recurring expenses', 'IPO costs', 'conversion premium', 'convertible bonds', 'various demonstrations', 'new milestone', 'mass production', 'Damien Havard', 'material progress', 'serene deployment', 'flagship model', 'strategic component', 'construction phases', 'construction work', 'cash equivalents', 'large-scale projects', 'Renewstable Barbados', 'team structuring', 'Rubis Group', 'target regions', 'development contract', 'development plan', 'The Company', 'industrial company', 'Renewstable®', '25 Revenues', 'RSB.', 'Bordeaux', 'April', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Capacity', 'MW', '3,462 885 Gains', 'sale', 'shares', 'subsidiaries2', 'Employees', 'contractors', 'countries', 'Investors', 'SPVs', 'establishment', '45 developers', '31 December', 'partnerships', 'result', 'provision', 'supply', 'February', 'invoicing', 'control', 'impact', 'losses', 'disposal', 'investments', 'Performance', 'line', 'acceleration', 'increase', 'promising', 'Guyana', 'signing', 'governments', 'Indonesia', 'Zimbabwe', 'confidence', 'ambitions', 'Chairman', 'prospecting', 'concrete', 'operations', 'night', 'addition', 'financing', 'designer', 'wind', 'solar', 'site', 'produce']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22671,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASR-NEDERLAND-N-V-28377340/news/ASR-Nederland-N-A-s-r-publishes-convocation-for-General-Meeting-of-Shareholders-on-31-May-43468751/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,ASR Nederland N : A.s.r. publishes convocation for General Meeting of Shareholders on 31 May,(marketscreener.com)   Utrecht  the Netherlands  11 April 2023   a.s.r. publishes convocation for General Meeting of Shareholders on 31 May   Today  ASR Nederland N.V. publishes the convocation and the accompanying documents for the General Meeting of…,Utrecht  the Netherlands  11 April 2023a.s.r. publishes convocation for General Meeting of Shareholders on 31 MayToday  ASR Nederland N.V. (a.s.r.) publishes the convocation and the accompanying documents for the General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) that is scheduled for Wednesday 31 May 2023 at 10:00. The AGM will be held on that day at a.s.r.'s offices in Utrecht.All documents  such as the agenda of the AGM  the explanatory notes to the agenda and the accompanying documents  as well as information on how to cast an electronic (proxy) vote in advance  can be found on our website: www.asrnl.com/investor-relations.For shareholders who are not able to attend the meeting in person at a.s.r.'s offices  it is possible to actively participate virtually in the AGM. In addition  it is possible to follow the AGM via a webcast. Further information about this can be found in the convocation.Media Relations Investor Relations Rosanne de Boer T: +31 (0)6 22 79 09 74 T: +31 (0)30 - 257 8600 E: rosanne.de.boer@asr.nl E: ir@asr.nl www.asrnederland.nl www.asrnl.comAbout a.s.r.ASR Nederland N.V. (a.s.r.) is one of the top three insurance companies in the Netherlands. a.s.r. offers insurance  pension and mortgages to consumers  self-employed people and companies. In addition  a.s.r. is active as an asset manager for third parties. a.s.r. is listed on Euronext Amsterdam and is included in the AEX Index. For more information  please visit: www.asrnl.com.DisclaimerThe terms of this disclaimer ('Disclaimer') apply to this press release of ASR Nederland N.V. and all ASR legal vehicles and businesses operating in the Netherlands ('ASR Nederland'). Please read this Disclaimer carefully.ASR Nederland has taken all reasonable care in the reliability and accurateness of this press release. Nevertheless  it is possible that information contained in this message is incomplete or incorrect. The information in this press release may also be (partly) based on beliefs  assumptions and expectations of future performance  taking into account information that was available to ASR Nederland at the moment of drafting of this document ASR Nederland warns that the information could entail certain risks and uncertainties  as also referred to in the Risk Factors section in recent public disclosures made by ASR Nederland  so that the actual results of ASR Nederland could differ from the information in this document. ASR Nederland does not accept liability for any damages resulting from this press release in case the information in this press release is incorrect or incomplete.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.08,0.67,True,English,"['ASR Nederland N', 'A.s.r.', 'General Meeting', 'convocation', 'Shareholders', '31 May', 'Media Relations Investor Relations', 'ASR Nederland N.V.', 'top three insurance companies', 'Risk Factors section', 'recent public disclosures', 'ASR legal vehicles', 'a.s.r.', 'Rosanne de Boer', 'explanatory notes', 'proxy) vote', 'self-employed people', 'asset manager', 'third parties', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'AEX Index', 'press release', 'reasonable care', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'General Meeting', 'accompanying documents', 'Wednesday 31 May', 'The AGM', 'Further information', 'Utrecht', 'Netherlands', 'convocation', 'Shareholders', 'offices', 'agenda', 'advance', 'website', 'person', 'addition', 'webcast', 'pension', 'mortgages', 'consumers', 'asrnl', 'Disclaimer', 'terms', 'businesses', 'reliability', 'accurateness', 'message', 'beliefs', 'assumptions', 'expectations', 'account', 'moment', 'drafting', 'risks', 'uncertainties', 'damages', 'case', '10:00']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22672,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PUBLIC-STORAGE-14115/news/Public-Storage-to-Release-First-Quarter-2023-Earnings-Results-and-Host-Quarterly-Conference-Call-43469984/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Public Storage to Release First Quarter 2023 Earnings Results and Host Quarterly Conference Call,(marketscreener.com) Public Storage announced today it intends to release its first quarter 2023 earnings results after the market close on Wednesday  May 3  2023. A conference call is scheduled for Thursday  May 4  2023  at 9:00 a.m. to discuss these result…,Public Storage (NYSE:PSA) announced today it intends to release its first quarter 2023 earnings results after the market close on Wednesday  May 3  2023. A conference call is scheduled for Thursday  May 4  2023  at 9:00 a.m. (PT) to discuss these results.Live conference call Domestic dial-in number: (800) 225-9448 International dial-in number: (203) 518-9708 Conference ID: PSAQ123 Simultaneous audio webcast link: PublicStorage.com  under “About Us  Investor Relations  News and Events  Event Calendar” Conference call replay Domestic dial-in number: (800) 839-5246 International dial-in number: (402) 220-2702 Webcast link: PublicStorage.com  under “About Us  Investor Relations  News and Events  Event Calendar” Date accessible through: May 11  2023Company InformationPublic Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. As of December 31  2022  we had: (i) interests in 2 869 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 204 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels:SHUR)  which owned 266 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard® brand. Our headquarters are located in Glendale  California.Additional information about Public Storage is available on the Company’s website at PublicStorage.com.View source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20230411005266/en/,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,True,English,"['First Quarter 2023 Earnings Results', 'Host Quarterly Conference Call', 'Public Storage', '204 million net rentable square feet', '15 million net rentable square feet', 'PSAQ123 Simultaneous audio webcast link', 'seven Western European nations', 'first quarter 2023 earnings results', 'Shurgard Self Storage Limited', '35% common equity interest', 'Live conference call', 'Domestic dial-in number', 'Shurgard® brand', 'Public Storage', 'Conference ID', 'International dial', 'Investor Relations', 'Event Calendar', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Additional information', 'source version', 'Company Information', 'United States', '40 states', 'NYSE', 'market', 'Wednesday', 'May', 'Thursday', '9:00 a', 'PublicStorage', 'News', 'Events', 'Date', 'member', 'REIT', 'December', 'interests', 'headquarters', 'Glendale', 'California', 'website', 'businesswire']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22673,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FL-ENTERTAINMENT-N-V-140214435/news/FL-Entertainment-Weekly-share-transactions-43463065/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,FL Entertainment: Weekly share transactions,(marketscreener.com)  Press Release Paris – 11 April 2023 Share Transactions Disclosure FL Entertainment N.V. declares the following transactions made on its own shares from 3 April to 7 April 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholde…,Press ReleaseParis – 11 April 2023Share Transactions DisclosureFL Entertainment N.V. (894500G73K46H93RF180) declares the following transactions made on its own shares (NL0015000X07) from 3 April to 7 April 2023 in accordance with the authorization given by the shareholder’s annual meeting on 30 June 2022.Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume (Number of Shares) Average Price Amount of Transactions Market Identification Code 2023-04-03 BUY 750 9.192667 6 894.50 XAMS 2023-04-03 SELL 593 9.391062 5 568.90 XAMS 2023-04-04 SELL 41 9.400000 385.40 XAMS 2023-04-05 SELL 213 9.473944 2 017.95 XAMS 2023-04-06 BUY 50 9.500000 475.00 XAMSThe disclosure of all share transactions was made publicly available and can be consulted on the company’s website (https://www.flentertainment.com/liquidity-agreement/) under the section « Investors ».AgendaQ1 2023 results: 30 May 2023Investor RelationsCaroline Cohen – Phone: +33 1 44 95 23 34 – c.cohen@flentertainment.comPress Relationsflentertainment@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton – Phone: +33 6 79 99 27 15Nicolas Grange – Phone: +33 6 29 56 20 19About FL EntertainmentFounded by Stéphane Courbit  a 30-year entertainment industry pioneer and entrepreneur FL Entertainment Group is a global leader in multimedia content and gaming  combining the strengths of Banijay  the world’s largest independent producer distributor  with Betclic Everest Group  the fastest-growing online sports betting platform in Europe. In 2022  FL Entertainment recorded through Banijay and Betclic Everest Group  a combined revenue  and Adjusted EBITDA  of €4 047m and €670m respectively. FL Entertainment listed on Euronext Amsterdam in July 2022.ISIN: NL0015000X07 - Bloomberg: FLE NA - Reuters: FLE.ASAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.95,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['FL Entertainment', 'transactions', 'Trade Date Side Total Daily Volume', 'growing online sports betting platform', 'largest independent producer distributor', '30-year entertainment industry pioneer', 'Transactions Market Identification Code', 'FL Entertainment N.V.', 'Average Price Amount', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Stéphane Courbit', 'Betclic Everest Group', 'FLE.AS Attachment', 'FL Entertainment Group', 'Share Transactions Disclosure', 'following transactions', 'FLE NA', 'Press Release', 'annual meeting', 'Q1 2023 results', 'Investor Relations', 'Press Relations', 'Nicolas Grange', 'global leader', 'multimedia content', 'combined revenue', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Caroline Cohen', 'Paris', '11 April', 'shares', '3 April', '7 April', 'accordance', 'authorization', 'shareholder', '30 June', 'Number', 'BUY', 'XAMS', 'SELL', 'company', 'website', 'flentertainment', 'liquidity-agreement', 'section', 'Investors', 'Agenda', '30 May', 'Phone', 'brunswickgroup', 'gaming', 'strengths', 'Banijay', 'world', 'Europe', 'EBITDA', 'July', 'ISIN', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22674,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/VAN-LANSCHOT-KEMPEN-N-V-6308/news/Van-Lanschot-Kempen-update-on-share-buy-back-programme-4-April-2023-ndash-6-April-2023-43462736/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Van Lanschot Kempen: update on share buy-back programme 4 April 2023 – 6 April 2023,(marketscreener.com) Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  11 April 2023 In the period from 4 April 2023 until 6 April 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 31 502 of its own shares . The shares were repurchased at an average price of €28.30 per sha…,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  11 April 2023In the period from 4 April 2023 until 6 April 2023 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 31 502 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). The shares were repurchased at an average price of €28.30 per share for a total amount of €891 553.These repurchases are part of the share buy-back programme for at most 350 000 of own shares  which was announced on 23 February 2023. The total number of shares repurchased to date is 306 080.More information  including a detailed overview of the repurchase transactions under this programme  is available on www.vanlanschotkempen.com/sharebuyback.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.This press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.94,0.05,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'update', 'April', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'positive long-term financial', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'share buy-back programme', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'financial instrument', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'depositary receipts', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'detailed overview', 'repurchase transactions', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Management', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'More information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', 'April', 'period', 'repurchases', 'part', '23 February', 'date', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'mediarelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22675,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/11/2644943/0/en/Voting-Rights-and-Shares-Capital-of-the-Company.html,Voting Rights and Shares Capital of the Company,PARIS  April 11  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- In accordance with Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers),PARIS  April 11  2023 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --In accordance with Articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers)Paris  France  April 11  2023Market: Euronext Paris / NasdaqEuronext Compartment: BISIN code: FR0011341205Nasdaq: NBTXBloomberg: NANO:FPReuters: NANO.PAWebsite: www.nanobiotix.comDateNumber of Shares OutstandingTotal number of voting rights Total voting rights  theoretical1Total voting rights exercisable2 March 31  202334 875 872 36 634 849 36 612 731According to the article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code  Nanobiotix will make a new monthly publication of the total number of voting rights and shares comprising Nanobiotix’s capital if those figures differ from the information previously disclosed.About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The company is leveraging its proprietary nanoparticle platform  including its lead product candidate  radiotherapy activated NBTXR3  to develop a pipeline of therapeutic options designed to enhance local and systemic control of solid tumors with an initial focus on the treatment of head and neck cancers.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter .ContactsNanobiotixNanobiotix CommunicationsBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.comNanobiotix Investor RelationsCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.comMedia Relations France – Ulysse CommunicationPierre-Louis Germain+ 33 (0) 6 64 79 97 51plgermain@ulysse-communication.comLifeSci AdvisorsLigia Vela-Reid+44 (0) 7413825310lvela-reid@lifesciadvisors.com1 The total number of theoretical (or “gross”) voting rights is used as the basis for calculating threshold crossings. In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulations  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including those for which voting rights have been suspended.2 The total number of exercisable at a Shareholders’ Meeting (or “net”) voting rights is calculated without taking into account shares for which voting rights have been suspended as shares held in treasury by the Company. It is released in order to ensure that the public is properly informed  in accordance with the AMF recommendation of July 17  2007.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.01,True,English,"['Voting Rights', 'Shares Capital', 'Company', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'French Commercial Code', 'new monthly publication', 'proprietary nanoparticle platform', 'lead product candidate', 'NANO.PA Website', 'AMF General Regulations', 'gross”) voting rights', 'Media Relations France', 'Total voting rights', 'Nanobiotix Investor Relations', 'therapeutic options', 'ISIN code', 'AMF recommendation', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Compartment', 'Total number', 'systemic control', 'solid tumors', 'initial focus', 'neck cancers', 'Brandon Owens', 'Craig West', 'Pierre-Louis Germain', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Ligia Vela-Reid', 'threshold crossings', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'treatment outcomes', 'Ulysse Communication', 'Euronext Paris', 'Nanobiotix Communications', 'April', 'accordance', 'Articles', 'Nasdaq', 'NBTX', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Shares', 'capital', 'figures', 'information', 'millions', 'patients', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'radiotherapy', 'pipeline', 'local', 'head', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'VP', 'plgermain', 'lifesciadvisors', 'theoretical', 'basis', 'net', 'account', 'treasury', 'order', 'July', 'Attachment']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,globenewswire.com
22676,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/STELLANTIS-N-V-117883697/news/Freedom-of-Mobility-Forum-Publishes-Key-Takeaways-From-Inaugural-Live-Debate-43469318/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Freedom of Mobility Forum Publishes Key Takeaways From Inaugural Live Debate,(marketscreener.com) AMSTERDAM  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ --       Mobility  decarbonization  global objectives emerge as headline topicsInternational panel expressed opinions on the environmental  social and financial impacts of providing acces…,"AMSTERDAM  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ --Mobility  decarbonization  global objectives emerge as headline topicsInternational panel expressed opinions on the environmental  social and financial impacts of providing accessible  safe and sustainable freedom of mobilityThe Freedom of Mobility Forum  initiated by Stellantis and facilitated by Wavestone as a neutral third party  has published key takeaways from the inaugural live digital debate on the topic  ""In a decarbonized world  will freedom of mobility be affordable to only a happy few?""A summary and replay of the key takeaways are available on the Freedom of Mobility Forum website. Stakeholders can use the takeaways to leverage dialogue in their respective domains. Going forward  the platform will serve as a source of information and curated content related to the Topic of the Year in between annual editions of the Forum.The lively two-hour debate on March 29 featured a range of insights on mobility  decarbonization and objectives from the international group of six panelists  providing diverse perspectives from various regions around the world.Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares  a co-chair of the Freedom of Mobility Forum Advisory Board and debate panelist representing the business community  said the diversity of opinions on mobility and collaborative spirit from the debate panelists is a reason to be optimistic for the future.Tavares shared thoughts on his experience in the debate in a video post.Freedom of Mobility ForumThe Freedom of Mobility Forum  initiated by Stellantis and facilitated by Wavestone as a neutral third-party  is an international gathering of passionate problem-solvers committed to fact-based discussions that challenge the status quo  expand perspectives and identify how best to enable safe  affordable and sustainable freedom of mobility for a society facing the implications of global warming. For more information visit: freedomofmobilityforum.org.StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today's customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2Move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.View original content to download multimedia: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/freedom-of-mobility-forum-publishes-key-takeaways-from-inaugural-live-debate-301794691.htmlSOURCE Stellantis",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,positive,0.67,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Inaugural Live Debate', 'Mobility Forum', 'Key Takeaways', 'Freedom', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'headline topics International panel', 'inaugural live digital debate', 'Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares', 'Mobility Forum Advisory Board', 'neutral third party', 'lively two-hour debate', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Mobility Forum website', 'international group', 'international gathering', 'neutral third-party', 'Citroën', 'sustainable freedom', 'debate panelist', 'environmental, social', 'financial impacts', 'accessible, safe', 'respective domains', 'annual editions', 'six panelists', 'various regions', 'business community', 'collaborative spirit', 'video post', 'passionate problem-solvers', 'fact-based discussions', 'status quo', 'safe, affordable', 'global warming', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'mobility provider', 'global objectives', 'key takeaways', 'diverse perspectives', 'original content', 'The Freedom', 'SOURCE Stellantis', 'decarbonized world', 'AMSTERDAM', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'decarbonization', 'opinions', 'Wavestone', 'summary', 'replay', 'Stakeholders', 'dialogue', 'platform', 'information', 'Year', 'March', 'range', 'insights', 'chair', 'diversity', 'reason', 'future', 'thoughts', 'experience', 'society', 'implications', 'NYSE', 'MTA', 'STLA', 'storied', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2Move', 'Leasys', 'value', 'communities', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'inaugural-live']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22677,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/11/2644907/0/en/Press-release-Biocartis-Group-NV-Biocartis-appoints-Roger-Moody-as-new-CEO.html,Press release Biocartis Group NV: Biocartis appoints Roger Moody as new CEO,PRESS RELEASE: INSIDE INFORMATION/ REGULATED INFORMATION11 April 2023  22:00 CEST  Biocartis appoints Roger Moody as new CEO  Roger Moody to be...,English DutchPRESS RELEASE: INSIDE INFORMATION/ REGULATED INFORMATION11 April 2023  22:00 CESTBiocartis appoints Roger Moody as new CEORoger Moody to be appointed as new Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of DirectorsHerman Verrelst  current Chief Executive Officer  will move into the position of Executive Chairman of the Board of DirectorsAdditional extensive experience in the US diagnostic market while leveraging existing knowledge and relationshipsMechelen  Belgium  11 April 2023 - Biocartis Group NV (the ‘Company’ or ‘Biocartis’)  an innovative molecular diagnostics company (Euronext Brussels: BCART)  today announces changes to its executive management. Roger Moody has been appointed to the position of Chief Executive Officer effective 24 April 2023. Herman Verrelst  who has been the Company’s Chief Executive Officer since August 2017 will move into the new position of Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors but will no longer be part of the executive management. Mr. Moody will also become a member of the Board of Directors  subject to the approval by the Company’s general shareholders’ meeting. Christian Reinaudo  who has served as Chairman of the Board since May 2018 will assume the role of Lead Independent Director  to act as principal liaison between the non-executive members of the Board and the executive leadership team.Roger Moody has more than 30 years of experience in the technology and healthcare industry and brings a unique combination of deep knowledge of molecular diagnostics in the US and a proven track record of scaling up public companies. Roger has held various senior executive positions leading strategic business development  scaling manufacturing and commercial operations and securing funding in both private and public offerings. Prior to joining Biocartis  he served as CEO of GlySure Limited  whose primary assets were sold to Baxter International (NYSE: BAX)  and held the CFO position at Nanosphere  now part of DiaSorin (Euronext Milan: DIA)  Clinical Genomics  Inc.  a colorectal cancer diagnostics company and most recently Talis Biomedical (Nasdaq: TLIS)  a point-of-care molecular diagnostics company.The appointment is motivated by a stronger orientation of the Company toward the US market  after having already appointed Bryan Dechairo to the Board of Directors on 21 February 2023. Subject to the approval by the general shareholders’ meeting of Mr. Moody’s appointment as director  3 out of 7 directors will be US citizens with a wealth of experience in the US diagnostic industry. An enhanced focus on the US is pivotal to Biocartis’ continued growth and Roger Moody’s appointment will add to commercial success in the US  the further build-out of the partner network and access to the US investor base.Herman Verrelst will ensure operational continuity during a transition period and further support the new CEO in investor relations  financing matters and strategic partnering. Christian Reinaudo will remain the Chairman of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee  and will act as Lead Independent Director  ensuring the independence of the Board of Directors from the Company's executive leadership team.Herman Verrelst commented: “We are pleased to welcome Roger to Biocartis. Roger brings a wealth of experience in building value in rapidly growing molecular diagnostics companies  and I look forward to partnering with him to continue expanding our fast-growing core oncology business. Together we will focus on the key drivers of continued growth by continuing to expand our menu in oncology with novel tests and by making our decentralized diagnostic solutions available to a growing customer base around the world.”“Biocartis’ record of growth has been impressive  and its fundamentals are very strong ” said Roger Moody. “Biocartis’ unique ability to address the unmet need for automation  ease-of-use and fast turn-around times in molecular oncology testing is well-recognized. I look forward to work with Herman and the executive leadership team to continue to expand our molecular diagnostic product offering and to strengthen our foothold in key markets such as the US.”Christian Reinaudo  the former Chairman of the Board of Directors  added: “The Board of Directors is convinced that the new executive leadership will bring continuity to the further accomplishment of Biocartis’ mission while adding additional experience that we believe is essential to ensure the further growth of the Company towards profitability.”----- END ----More information:Renate DegraveHead of Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Biocartise-mail rdegrave@biocartis.comtel +32 15 631 729mobile +32 471 53 60 64About BiocartisWith its revolutionary and proprietary Idylla™ platform  Biocartis (Euronext Brussels: BCART) aspires to enable personalized medicine for patients around the world through universal access to molecular testing  by making molecular testing actionable  convenient  fast and suitable for any lab. The Idylla™ platform is a fully automated sample-to-result  real-time PCR (Polymerase Chain Reaction) based system designed to offer in-house access to accurate molecular information in a minimum amount of time for faster  informed treatment decisions. Idylla™'s continuously expanding menu of molecular diagnostic tests address key unmet clinical needs  with a focus in oncology. This is the fastest growing segment of the molecular diagnostics market worldwide. Today  Biocartis offers tests supporting melanoma  colorectal  lung and liver cancer  as well as for COVID-19  Flu  RSV and sepsis. For more information  visit www.biocartis.com or follow Biocartis on Twitter @Biocartis_   Facebook or LinkedIn.Biocartis and Idylla™ are registered trademarks in Europe  the United States and other countries. The Biocartis and Idylla™ trademark and logo are used trademarks owned by Biocartis. Please refer to the product labeling for applicable intended uses for each individual Biocartis product.This press release is not for distribution  directly or indirectly  in any jurisdiction where to do so would be unlawful. Any persons reading this press release should inform themselves of and observe any such restrictions. Biocartis takes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person. This press release does not constitute an offer or invitation for the sale or purchase of securities in any jurisdiction. No securities of Biocartis may be offered or sold in the United States of America absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company's or  as appropriate  the Company directors' or managements' current expectations and projections concerning future events such as the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth  strategies and the industry in which the Company operates. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward-looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.83,0.17,0.0,True,English,"['Biocartis Group NV', 'Press release', 'Roger Moody', 'new CEO', 'various senior executive positions', 'molecular diagnostic product offering', 'current Chief Executive Officer', 'growing core oncology business', 'colorectal cancer diagnostics company', 'growing molecular diagnostics companies', 'innovative molecular diagnostics company', 'care molecular diagnostics company', 'new Chief Executive Officer', 'growing customer base', 'decentralized diagnostic solutions', 'general shareholders’ meeting', 'strategic business development', 'fast turn-around times', 'proprietary Idylla™ platform', 'The Idylla™ platform', 'executive leadership team', 'new executive leadership', 'proven track record', 'Lead Independent Director', 'molecular oncology testing', 'Biocartis Group NV', 'US diagnostic market', 'US diagnostic industry', 'US investor base', 'Biocartis’ unique ability', 'Additional extensive experience', 'Investor Relations Biocartis', 'Biocartis’ continued growth', 'molecular testing', 'public companies', 'executive management', 'Executive Chairman', 'healthcare industry', 'unique combination', 'strategic partnering', 'US market', 'Biocartis’ record', 'new CEO', 'new position', 'additional experience', 'English Dutch', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'INSIDE INFORMATION', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'existing knowledge', 'Euronext Brussels', 'Mr. Moody', 'Christian Reinaudo', 'principal liaison', 'non-executive members', 'deep knowledge', 'commercial operations', 'public offerings', 'GlySure Limited', 'primary assets', 'Baxter International', 'Euronext Milan', 'Clinical Genomics', 'Talis Biomedical', 'stronger orientation', 'Bryan Dechairo', 'enhanced focus', 'commercial success', 'partner network', 'transition period', 'financing matters', 'Nomination Committee', 'key drivers', 'novel tests', 'unmet need', 'key markets', 'More information', 'Renate Degrave', 'Corporate Communications', 'personalized medicine', 'US citizens', 'Biocartis’ mission', 'Herman Verrelst', 'Roger Moody', 'former Chairman', 'CFO position', 'operational continuity', 'universal access', 'April', '22:00 CEST', 'Board', 'Directors', 'relationships', 'Mechelen', 'Belgium', 'BCART', 'changes', 'August', 'approval', 'May', 'role', '30 years', 'technology', 'manufacturing', 'funding', 'private', 'NYSE', 'Nanosphere', 'DiaSorin', 'Nasdaq', 'TLIS', 'point', '21 February', 'wealth', 'Remuneration', 'independence', 'value', 'rapidly', 'menu', 'world', 'fundamentals', 'automation', 'use', 'foothold', 'accomplishment', 'profitability', 'Head', 'mail', 'revolutionary', 'patients', 'lab', 'automated', 'result']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,globenewswire.com
22678,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PHARMING-GROUP-N-V-116960810/news/Pharming-announces-the-first-commercial-shipments-of-Joenja-leniolisib-to-patients-in-the-U-S-43462298/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Pharming announces the first commercial shipments of Joenja® (leniolisib) to patients in the U.S.,(marketscreener.com) LEIDEN  Netherlands  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. announces the first commercial shipments of Joenja® to patients in the United States. Joenja®  an oral  selective PI3Kδ inhibitor  is the first and only treatment a…,"LEIDEN  Netherlands  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces the first commercial shipments of Joenja® (leniolisib) to patients in the United States. Joenja®  an oral  selective PI3Kδ inhibitor  is the first and only treatment approved in the U.S. for activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS)  a rare and progressive primary immunodeficiency  in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older.Under the terms of Pharming's 2019 exclusive license agreement with Novartis for leniolisib  the corresponding first commercial sale of Joenja® triggers a $10 million milestone payment by Pharming to Novartis.Stephen Toor  Chief Commercial Officer of Pharming  commented:""We are pleased to announce that the first Joenja® shipments to patients  with payor reimbursement  were delivered approximately two weeks following FDA approval  achieving an important milestone for patients suffering with APDS. We look forward to making Joenja® widely available across the U.S. as the first and only approved treatment for patients with APDS.""About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that was first characterized in 2013. APDS is caused by variants in either one of two identified genes known as PIK3CD or PIK3R1  which are vital to the development and function of immune cells in the body. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway  which causes immune cells to fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation.1 2 3 APDS is characterized by a variety of symptoms  including severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.4 5 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  it has been reported that people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.6 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.4-7 A definitive diagnosis can be made through genetic testing. APDS affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million worldwide.About Joenja® (leniolisib)Joenja® (leniolisib) is an oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kẟ) inhibitor approved in the US as the first and only targeted treatment of activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS) in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older. Joenja® inhibits the production of phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate  which serves as an important cellular messenger and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Results from a randomized  placebo-controlled Phase II/III clinical trial demonstrated clinical efficacy of Joenja® in the co-primary endpoints; demonstrating statistically significant impact on immune dysregulation and normalization of immunophenotype within these patients  and interim open label extension data has supported the safety and tolerability of long-term Joenja® administration.8 Leniolisib is currently under regulatory review by the European Medicines Agency  with plans to pursue further regulatory approvals in the UK  Canada  Australia and Japan. Leniolisib is also being evaluated in a Phase III clinical trial in children aged 4 to 11 with APDS  with a further trial planned in children aged 1 to 6 years with APDS. For information about Joenja®  visit: Joenja.comAbout Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn .Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.References1. Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15(1):88-97.2. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218.3. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687.4. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606.5. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543.6. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019;May 21.7. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338.8. RAO VK  et al Blood. 2023 Mar 2;141(9):971-983.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlUS PREthan MetelenisE: Ethan.Metelenis@precisionvh.comT: +1 (917) 882 9038EU PRClaire DobbsE: claire.dobbs@solarishealth.comT: +44 7864 640093Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2003587/Pharming_Group_Logo.jpgView original content to download multimedia: https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-announces-the-first-commercial-shipments-of-joenja-leniolisib-to-patients-in-the-us-301793545.htmlSOURCE Pharming Group",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.24,0.5,True,English,"['first commercial shipments', 'U.S.', 'Pharming', 'Joenja®', 'leniolisib', 'patients', 'randomized, placebo-controlled Phase II/III clinical trial', 'oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'interim open label extension data', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'oral, selective PI3Kδ inhibitor', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'corresponding first commercial sale', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'Chief Commercial Officer', '2019 exclusive license agreement', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'first commercial shipments', 'important cellular messenger', 'European Medicines Agency', 'protein replacement therapies', 'two identified genes', 'permanent lung damage', 'progressive primary immunodeficiency', '$10 million milestone payment', 'long-term Joenja® administration', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'first Joenja® shipments', 'clinical efficacy', 'small molecules', 'PI3Kẟ) inhibitor', 'important milestone', 'primary endpoints', 'PI3Kδ) syndrome', 'progressive disease', 'precision medicines', 'gene therapies', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'United States', 'U.S.', 'Stephen Toor', 'payor reimbursement', 'FDA approval', 'immune cells', 'definitive diagnosis', 'genetic testing', 'cell functions', 'cell survival', 'significant impact', 'regulatory review', 'regulatory approvals', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'early to', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'press release', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'Forward-looking Statements', '1 to 2 people', 'cytokine production', 'immune dysregulation', 'late-stage development', 'actual results', 'targeted treatment', '1 to 6 years', 'pediatric patients', '12 years', 'LEIDEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Nasdaq', 'APDS', 'adult', 'terms', 'Novartis', 'leniolisib', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'body', 'hyperactivity', 'variety', 'symptoms', 'lymphoproliferation', 'autoimmunity', 'enteropathy', 'conditions', 'time', 'lymphoma', 'multitude', 'differentiation', 'angiogenesis', 'metabolism', 'normalization', 'immunophenotype', 'safety', 'tolerability', 'plans', 'UK', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'children', 'information', 'lives', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'use', 'phrases', 'ambition', 'milestones', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'project']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22679,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/PIQUADRO-S-P-A-373104/news/Piquadro-S-p-A-329CS-Piquadro-buy-back-purchase-week-April-3-7-2023-43464037/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Piquadro S p A : 329CS Piquadro buy back purchase week April 3 7 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Press release   REPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OF   PIQUADRO S.P.A.   Silla di Gaggio Montano   April 11  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-back plan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the p…,Press releaseREPORT ON THE TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN OFPIQUADRO S.P.A.Silla di Gaggio Montano (BO)  April 11  2023. With reference to treasury shares buy-back plan  Piquadro S.p.A. hereby announces that  during the period from April 3rd to April 7th  2023  it purchased no. 3 635 treasury shares for a total consideration of 6 453.54 Euro  as authorized by the shareholders' meeting on July 25th  2022  already disclosed pursuant to Art. 144-bis of Consob Regulation no. 11971/1999.Details of the daily transactions on the Euronext Milan are as follows:Number of ordinary Average price (Euro) Consideration Date shares purchased (Euro) 04/05/2023 935 1.8025 1 685.34 04/06/2023 2 700 1.7660 4 768.20 Total 3 635 1.7754 6 453.54Following the above purchases and considering the treasury shares already in portfolio  as of April 7th  2023 Piquadro S.p.A. holds no. 1 896 714 treasury shares  equal to 3.7934% of the share capital.Piquadro GroupThe Piquadro Group operates in the sector of leather accessories through the Piquadro  The Bridge and Lancel brands. Cornerstones for the three brands is attention to details and the quality of the workmanship as well as the leather but the Piquadro product stands out for its innovative design and technological content  while The Bridge emphasizes the vintage flavor of Tuscan craftsmanship and finally the Lancel collections embody the Parisian allure of a fashion house founded in 1876.The origins of the Group date back to 1987 when Marco Palmieri  now President and Chief Executive Officer  founded his company near Bologna  where it is still headquartered. The distribution network extends over 50 countries around the world and counts 176 mono-brand stores including 81 Piquadro boutiques (53 in Italy and 28 abroad including 48 DOS directly operated stores and 33 franchised stores)  13 The Bridge boutiques (13 in Italy including 11 DOS directly operated stores and 2 franchised) and 82 Lancel boutiques (61 in France and 21 abroad  of which 75 DOS directly operated stores and 7 franchised). The Group's consolidated turnover for the year 2021/2022 ended on March 31  2022  is € 149 4 million. Piquadro S.p.A. has been listed on the Italian Stock Exchange since October 2007.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['Piquadro S', '329CS Piquadro', 'purchase', 'April', 'PIQUADRO S.P.A.', 'TREASURY SHARES BUY-BACK PLAN', 'ordinary Average price', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Italian Stock Exchange', 'Consideration Date shares', 'The Piquadro Group', 'The Bridge boutiques', '81 Piquadro boutiques', '3,635 treasury shares', '1,896,714 treasury shares', 'Piquadro product', 'total consideration', '82 Lancel boutiques', 'The Group', 'Press release', 'Gaggio Montano', ""shareholders' meeting"", 'Consob Regulation', 'daily transactions', 'Euronext Milan', 'share capital', 'Lancel brands', 'three brands', 'innovative design', 'technological content', 'vintage flavor', 'Tuscan craftsmanship', 'Lancel collections', 'Parisian allure', 'fashion house', 'Marco Palmieri', 'distribution network', 'leather accessories', '176 mono-brand stores', '33 franchised stores', 'REPORT', 'Silla', 'April', 'reference', 'period', '6,453.54 Euro', 'July', 'Art.', 'bis', 'Details', 'Number', 'purchases', 'portfolio', 'sector', 'Cornerstones', 'attention', 'quality', 'workmanship', 'origins', 'President', 'company', 'Bologna', '50 countries', 'world', 'Italy', '48 DOS', '11 DOS', 'France', '75 DOS', 'turnover', 'year', 'March', 'October']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22680,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GETLINK-SE-54576/news/Getlink-Inside-Information-Other-news-releases-43463201/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Getlink : Inside Information / Other news releases,(marketscreener.com)   PRESS RELEASE   GET 2023/17   11 April 2023   For release at 7:00 am   Shuttle traffic in March 2023            Mar. 23 ...https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GETLINK-SE-54576/news/Getlink-Inside-Infor…,PRESS RELEASEGET 2023/1711 April 2023For release at 7:00 amShuttle traffic in March 2023Mar. 23 Mar. 22 Change Jan-Mar. Jan-Mar. Change 2023 2022 Truck Shuttles Trucks 117 597 139 283 -16% 321 904 374 868 -14% Passenger Shuttles Passenger 135 962 122 319 11% 387 137 294 762 31% vehicles** Includes cars  motorcycles  vehicles with trailers  caravans  camper vans and coaches.In March 2023  Le Shuttle Freight transported 117 597 trucks in a context still affected by social unrest in France. Since 1 January  almost 322 000 trucks have crossed the Channel aboard the Shuttles.Le Shuttle transported 135 962 passenger vehicles in March 2023  an increase of 11% compared to March 2022 driven in particular by the highest level of traffic since 2018 for an Easter holiday weekend. With more than 387 000 passenger vehicles transported over the first quarter of the year  Le Shuttle traffic increased by 31% compared to the same period last year.The publication of the Group's consolidated revenue and traffic figures for the first quarter will be published on Thursday 20 April 2023 before the markets open.Traffic figures for the month of April will be published on Thursday 11 May 2023 before the markets open.************************************About GetlinkGetlink SE (Euronext Paris: GET) is  through its subsidiary Eurotunnel  the concessionaire of the Channel Tunnel infrastructure until 2086 and operates Truck and Passenger Shuttle services (cars and coaches) between Folkestone (UK) and Calais (France). Since 31 December 2020 Eurotunnel has been developing the smart border so that the Tunnel remains the fastest  most reliable  easiest and most environmentally friendly way to,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.07,0.93,True,English,"['Other news releases', 'Getlink', 'Information', 'Easter holiday weekend', 'environmentally friendly way', 'Le Shuttle Freight', 'Passenger Shuttle services', 'Passenger Shuttles Passenger', 'Le Shuttle traffic', 'PRESS RELEASE GET', 'Channel Tunnel infrastructure', 'Truck Shuttles Trucks', '135,962 passenger vehicles', '387,000 passenger vehicles', 'camper vans', 'social unrest', 'highest level', 'first quarter', 'same period', 'consolidated revenue', 'traffic figures', 'Thursday 11 May', 'Euronext Paris', 'smart border', 'reliable, easiest', 'Getlink SE', 'subsidiary Eurotunnel', 'Thursday 20 April', '117,597 trucks', '322,000 trucks', 'March', 'Mar.', '22 Change', 'Jan-Mar', 'cars', 'motorcycles', 'trailers', 'caravans', 'coaches', 'context', 'France', '1 January', 'increase', 'year', 'publication', 'Group', 'markets', 'month', 'concessionaire', 'Folkestone', 'UK', 'Calais', '31 December', '7:00']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22681,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CHARWOOD-ENERGY-139989539/news/Charwood-Energy-New-advances-in-the-execution-of-the-roadmap-for-a-total-of-3M-43468895/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Charwood Energy: New advances in the execution of the roadmap  for a total of 3M,(marketscreener.com) Charwood EnergyCharwood Energy: New advances in the execution of the roadmap  for a total of €3M 11-Apr-2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for…,Charwood EnergyCharwood Energy: New advances in the execution of the roadmap  for a total of €3M11-Apr-2023 / 18:00 CET/CESTDissemination of a French Regulatory News  transmitted by EQS Group.The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.Press releaseSaint-Nolff  11 April 2023New advances in the execution of the roadmap  for a total of €3M Start of construction on a biomass heating system and a sanitisation unitSigning of a new biomass heating system order for a poultry farm in MayenneCharwood Energy (ISIN: FR001400AJ60  ticker: ALCWE)  a French specialist in customised biomass energy solutions  has announced the start of construction on a sanitation unit in Normandy and a biomass heating system in the Sarthe region  for which the contracts were announced last September [1] . In parallel  Charwood Energy has signed a new order to build a biomass heating system in Mayenne. These three projects represent a total of €3 million  most of which are billable and deliverable in 2023.Adrien Haller  Founder and CEO of Charwood Energy says: “These projects are a new illustration of the relevance of our positioning at the heart of decarbonisation issues to meet the challenge of climate change. Armed with the expertise of our teams  we are proud to support our clients--farmers  industry  and local communities--by supplying them with generators to produce their own green energy and make a successful energy transition.”These new construction starts deal with the two following projects: The sanitisation unit  paired with a biomass heating system for a methanisation biogas production site operated by a group of one municipality and 15 farms in Normandy.The biomass heating system  paired with a heating network  for a poultry farm in the Sarthe region. In parallel  Charwood Energy announced the signing of a contract to build a biomass heating system for a large-scale poultry farm in Mayenne. Paired with a 1 043 metre-long heating network  this project  involving 700 kW of wood and 1 100 kW of gas power  will cover 8 buildings  for a total surface area of 11 000 m². It will make it possible to improve the farming and animal welfare conditions of the operation by providing dry heat  reducing the humidity in the buildings  while substituting local biomass for the use of fossil gas.Next publication: 2022 annual results  17 April 2023 after market close.A propos de Charwood EnergyConvaincu que la biomasse est une des clés pour répondre aux enjeux de la transition énergétique  Charwood Energy conçoit  installe et entretient des solutions sur mesure de production d’énergie renouvelable valorisant la biomasse.Charwood Energy détient un savoir-faire technique riche et maîtrise l’ensemble des technologies de valorisation de la biomasse – chaufferie et réseaux de chaleur  méthanisation et pyrogazéification.Positionné depuis 2019 sur la technologie prometteuse de la pyrogazéification  Charwood Energy est désormais également engagé dans le développement et l’exploitation d’unités de pyrogazéification détenues en compte propre en vue de de produire et de vendre du gaz vert (syngaz)  du biochar  des crédits carbones à des clients industriels  au travers de contrats d’approvisionnement signés en direct.La société est cotée sur Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN : FR001400AJ60  mnémonique : ALCWE) – Eligible PEA PME – Qualification « Entreprise innovante » par bpifrance.Pour en savoir plus : https://charwood.energy/investisseursContactsCHARWOOD ENERGYinvestisseur@charwood.energy02 97 26 46 30 ACTIFINRelations investisseursGhislaine Gasparettocharwood@actifin.fr01 56 88 11 22 ACTIFINRelations presseMichael Scholzemichael.scholze@actifin.fr01 56 88 11 14[1] See our press release from 20 September 2022 Regulatory filing PDF fileFile: New advances in the execution of the roadmap  for a total of €3M,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.72,0.27,0.01,True,English,"['Charwood Energy', 'New advances', 'execution', 'roadmap', 'total', '20 September 2022 Regulatory filing PDF file File', 'new biomass heating system order', 'methanisation biogas production site', 'French Regulatory News', 'animal welfare conditions', 'transition énergétique', 'crédits carbones', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'Eligible PEA PME', 'ACTIFIN Relations presse', '1,043 metre-long heating network', 'successful energy transition', 'two following projects', 'ACTIFIN Relations investisseurs', 'unités de', 'large-scale poultry farm', 'total surface area', 'biomass energy solutions', 'new order', 'local biomass', 'French specialist', 'clés', 'New advances', 'new illustration', 'sanitisation unit', 'sanitation unit', 'Press release', 'Sarthe region', 'three projects', 'Adrien Haller', 'decarbonisation issues', 'climate change', 'local communities', 'green energy', 'one municipality', 'gas power', 'dry heat', 'fossil gas', 'Next publication', '2022 annual results', 'réseaux', 'méthanisation', 'pyrogazéification', 'développement', 'gaz vert', 'société', 'Ghislaine Gasparetto', 'Charwood Energy', 'new construction', 'EQS Group', '€3M Start', 'clients industriels', 'Michael Scholze', 'execution', 'roadmap', '18:00 CET', 'CEST', 'Dissemination', 'issuer', 'content', 'announcement', 'Saint-Nolff', '11 April', 'Signing', 'Mayenne', 'ticker', 'ALCWE', 'Normandy', 'contracts', 'parallel', 'Founder', 'CEO', 'relevance', 'positioning', 'heart', 'challenge', 'expertise', 'teams', 'farmers', 'industry', 'generators', '15 farms', '700 kW', '1,100 kW', '8 buildings', 'farming', 'operation', 'humidity', 'use', 'market', 'biomasse', 'enjeux', 'mesure', 'énergie', 'savoir-faire', 'technologies', 'valorisation', 'chaufferie', 'chaleur', 'exploitation', 'compte', 'vue', 'syngaz', 'biochar', 'contrats', 'approvisionnement', 'direct', 'ISIN', 'Qualification', 'Entreprise', 'bpifrance', 'Contacts', '11,000']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22682,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.co.uk/news-releases/acm-biolabs-further-strengthens-leadership-appoints-david-lawrence-to-board-of-directors-301792937.html,ACM Biolabs Further Strengthens Leadership  Appoints David Lawrence to Board of Directors,SINGAPORE  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- ACM Biolabs (FR0012596468 – ALSEN) a pioneering Singaporean-Swiss biotechnology company  which specializes in the development of targeted therapeutics for the prevention of multiple life-threatening diseases based on …,"SINGAPORE  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- ACM Biolabs (FR0012596468 – ALSEN) a pioneering Singaporean-Swiss biotechnology company  which specializes in the development of targeted therapeutics for the prevention of multiple life-threatening diseases based on its proprietary ACM (Artificial Cell Membranes) tunable polymer-based delivery ATP™ technology  announces the appointment of David Lawrence as Non-Executive Director.Mr Lawrence is currently Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Sensorion  a gene therapy company listed on Euronext Growth in Paris and is a Director at EnteroBiotix Ltd. He was previously CFO of Valneva  a specialty vaccine company  where he served as a member of the Management Board; his responsibilities included Investor Relations and Communications in addition to overseeing the financial management of the company. During his tenure at Valneva he was instrumental in several financings including a NASDAQ Initial Public Offering (IPO) and by the point of his retirement from Valneva the market capitalisation of the company had grown to over €2bn. He also previously served as CFO of Acambis and as VP of Finance  Business Development and Strategy at Chiron Vaccines. In 2011 he supported the establishment and development of Synpromics Ltd  a synthetic promoter company that was acquired by AskBio in 2019  which was in turn acquired by Bayer in 2020.Mr Lawrence has over 30 years' experience of leadership roles in life sciences  ranging from large biopharma companies such as GSK to start-ups and earlier stage companies  including Synpromics Ltd. He brings with him extensive industry experience including strategy  business development and M&A  and currently sits on the Boards of Enterobiotix Limited. He has also advised several life sciences Venture Capital firms between 2006 and 2017.Madhavan Nallani  Chief Executive Officer of ACM Biolabs  commented: ""We are delighted to welcome David to the team at this critical point in the development of our ATP™ technology. David brings a wealth of experience in strategic partnering as well as years of operational leadership in biopharma companies. I look forward to working closely with him as we progress with our partnering and accelerate the growth of ACM Biolabs.""David Lawrence said: ""I am thrilled to be joining ACM at this exciting time in their development  to expand the possibilities of their novel polymer-based platform. There is huge potential in the variety of clinical areas this could be applied to. I look forward to working with Madhavan  the Board and the team to help unlock the potential of ACM and their unique technology.""About ACM BiolabsACM Biolabs is a pioneering Singaporean-Swiss biotechnology company with a versatile clinical platform for disease prevention and therapeutics based on its proprietary ACM (Artificial Cell Membranes) polymer-based delivery technology. ACM Biolabs' Tunable Platform (ATP™)  offers flexibility to deliver multiple payloads (proteins to RNA) and can successfully target specific organs. Current R&D efforts focus on the development of vaccines for infectious diseases and personalised cancer therapeutics.ACM Biolabs' lead program  ACM-001 an adjuvanted SARS-CoV-2 spike protein (beta variant) intranasal vaccine  has demonstrated pre-clinical efficacy and safety  with the potential to disrupt viral transmission and mutation. Its phase 1 clinical trial has progressed with no adverse safety signals in cohorts 1-6 and full immunogenicity data expected in the coming weeks. The ACM-001 program also validates the clinical efficacy of the ACM polymer-based platform  enabling a wider range of clinical applications.ACM Biolabs leads all clinical and regulatory activities of its pipeline programs. It also coordinates business development discussions with potential partners  to leverage ATP™ for the formulation and targeted delivery of novel pipeline candidates.Logo - https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/1868819/ACM_Logo_2022_Logo.jpgSOURCE ACM Biolabs",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.77,0.03,0.2,True,English,"['ACM Biolabs', 'David Lawrence', 'Leadership', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Artificial Cell Membranes) tunable polymer-based delivery ATP™ technology', 'several life sciences Venture Capital firms', 'NASDAQ Initial Public Offering', 'Current R&D efforts', 'beta variant) intranasal vaccine', 'pioneering Singaporean-Swiss biotechnology company', ""ACM Biolabs' Tunable Platform"", ""ACM Biolabs' lead program"", 'novel polymer-based platform', 'ACM polymer-based platform', 'The ACM-001 program', 'specialty vaccine company', 'SARS-CoV-2 spike protein', 'full immunogenicity data', 'gene therapy company', 'synthetic promoter company', 'earlier stage companies', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'novel pipeline candidates', 'versatile clinical platform', 'large biopharma companies', 'phase 1 clinical trial', 'multiple life-threatening diseases', 'extensive industry experience', 'adverse safety signals', 'SOURCE ACM Biolabs', 'targeted delivery', 'business development discussions', 'several financings', 'unique technology', 'financial management', 'multiple payloads', 'infectious diseases', 'pipeline programs', 'proprietary ACM', 'clinical areas', 'clinical efficacy', 'clinical applications', 'Executive Director', 'Mr Lawrence', 'EnteroBiotix Ltd.', 'Investor Relations', 'market capitalisation', 'Synpromics Ltd', 'leadership roles', 'M&A', 'Enterobiotix Limited', 'operational leadership', 'exciting time', 'specific organs', 'viral transmission', 'coming weeks', 'wider range', 'regulatory activities', 'David Lawrence', 'Euronext Growth', 'Management Board', 'Chiron Vaccines', ""30 years' experience"", 'Madhavan Nallani', 'critical point', 'strategic partnering', 'huge potential', 'disease prevention', 'potential partners', 'cancer therapeutics', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'ALSEN', 'appointment', 'CFO', 'Sensorion', 'Paris', 'Valneva', 'member', 'Communications', 'addition', 'tenure', 'IPO', 'retirement', 'Acambis', 'VP', 'Finance', 'Strategy', 'establishment', 'AskBio', 'turn', 'Bayer', 'GSK', 'start-ups', 'Boards', 'team', 'wealth', 'possibilities', 'variety', 'flexibility', 'proteins', 'mutation', 'cohorts', '1-6', 'formulation', 'Logo']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,prnewswire.co.uk
22683,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/pharming-announces-the-first-commercial-shipments-of-joenja-leniolisib-to-patients-in-the-us-301793551.html,Pharming announces the first commercial shipments of Joenja® (leniolisib) to patients in the U.S.,"LEIDEN  Netherlands  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces the first commercial shipments of Joenja® (leniolisib) to patients in the United States. Joenja®  an oral  selective PI3K…","LEIDEN  Netherlands  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Pharming Group N.V. (""Pharming"") (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM) (Nasdaq: PHAR) announces the first commercial shipments of Joenja® (leniolisib) to patients in the United States. Joenja®  an oral  selective PI3Kδ inhibitor  is the first and only treatment approved in the U.S. for activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS)  a rare and progressive primary immunodeficiency  in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older.Under the terms of Pharming's 2019 exclusive license agreement with Novartis for leniolisib  the corresponding first commercial sale of Joenja® triggers a $10 million milestone payment by Pharming to Novartis.Stephen Toor  Chief Commercial Officer of Pharming  commented:""We are pleased to announce that the first Joenja® shipments to patients  with payor reimbursement  were delivered approximately two weeks following FDA approval  achieving an important milestone for patients suffering with APDS. We look forward to making Joenja® widely available across the U.S. as the first and only approved treatment for patients with APDS.""About Activated Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome (APDS)APDS is a rare primary immunodeficiency that was first characterized in 2013. APDS is caused by variants in either one of two identified genes known as PIK3CD or PIK3R1  which are vital to the development and function of immune cells in the body. Variants of these genes lead to hyperactivity of the PI3Kδ (phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway  which causes immune cells to fail to mature and function properly  leading to immunodeficiency and dysregulation.1 2 3 APDS is characterized by a variety of symptoms  including severe  recurrent sinopulmonary infections  lymphoproliferation  autoimmunity  and enteropathy.4 5 Because these symptoms can be associated with a variety of conditions  including other primary immunodeficiencies  it has been reported that people with APDS are frequently misdiagnosed and suffer a median 7-year diagnostic delay.6 As APDS is a progressive disease  this delay may lead to an accumulation of damage over time  including permanent lung damage and lymphoma.4-7 A definitive diagnosis can be made through genetic testing. APDS affects approximately 1 to 2 people per million worldwide.About Joenja® (leniolisib)Joenja® (leniolisib) is an oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kẟ) inhibitor approved in the US as the first and only targeted treatment of activated phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta (PI3Kδ) syndrome (APDS) in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older. Joenja® inhibits the production of phosphatidylinositol-3-4-5-trisphosphate  which serves as an important cellular messenger and regulates a multitude of cell functions such as proliferation  differentiation  cytokine production  cell survival  angiogenesis  and metabolism. Results from a randomized  placebo-controlled Phase II/III clinical trial demonstrated clinical efficacy of Joenja® in the co-primary endpoints; demonstrating statistically significant impact on immune dysregulation and normalization of immunophenotype within these patients  and interim open label extension data has supported the safety and tolerability of long-term Joenja® administration.8 Leniolisib is currently under regulatory review by the European Medicines Agency  with plans to pursue further regulatory approvals in the UK  Canada  Australia and Japan. Leniolisib is also being evaluated in a Phase III clinical trial in children aged 4 to 11 with APDS  with a further trial planned in children aged 1 to 6 years with APDS. For information about Joenja®  visit: Joenja.comAbout Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules  biologics  and gene therapies that are in early to late-stage development. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn .Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management's current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as ""aim""  ""ambition""  ''anticipate''  ''believe''  ''could''  ''estimate''  ''expect''  ''goals''  ''intend''  ''may''  ""milestones""  ''objectives''  ''outlook''  ''plan''  ''probably''  ''project''  ''risks''  ""schedule""  ''seek''  ''should''  ''target''  ''will'' and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2021 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.References1. Lucas CL  et al. Nat Immunol. 2014;15(1):88-97.2. Elkaim E  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2016;138(1):210-218.3. Nunes-Santos C  Uzel G  Rosenzweig SD. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2019;143(5):1676-1687.4. Coulter TI  et al. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 2017;139(2):597-606.5. Maccari ME  et al. Front Immunol. 2018;9:543.6. Jamee M  et al. Clin Rev Allergy Immunol. 2019;May 21.7. Condliffe AM  Chandra A. Front Immunol. 2018;9:338.8. RAO VK  et al Blood. 2023 Mar 2;141(9):971-983.For further public information  contact:Pharming Group  Leiden  The NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696Heather Robertson  Investor Relations & Corporate Communications ManagerE: [email protected]FTI Consulting  London  UKVictoria Foster Mitchell/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  The NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: [email protected]US PREthan MetelenisE: [email protected]T: +1 (917) 882 9038EU PRClaire DobbsE: [email protected]T: +44 7864 640093Logo: https://mma.prnewswire.com/media/2003587/Pharming_Group_Logo.jpgSOURCE Pharming Group",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.26,0.24,0.5,True,English,"['first commercial shipments', 'U.S.', 'Pharming', 'Joenja®', 'leniolisib', 'patients', 'randomized, placebo-controlled Phase II/III clinical trial', 'oral small molecule phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta', 'interim open label extension data', 'Phase III clinical trial', 'severe, recurrent sinopulmonary infections', 'phosphoinositide 3-kinase delta) pathway', 'median 7-year diagnostic delay', 'oral, selective PI3Kδ inhibitor', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'corresponding first commercial sale', 'Phosphoinositide 3-Kinase δ Syndrome', 'Chief Commercial Officer', '2019 exclusive license agreement', 'global biopharmaceutical company', 'other primary immunodeficiencies', 'first commercial shipments', 'important cellular messenger', 'European Medicines Agency', 'protein replacement therapies', 'two identified genes', 'permanent lung damage', 'progressive primary immunodeficiency', '$10 million milestone payment', 'long-term Joenja® administration', 'rare primary immunodeficiency', 'first Joenja® shipments', 'clinical efficacy', 'small molecules', 'PI3Kẟ) inhibitor', 'important milestone', 'primary endpoints', 'PI3Kδ) syndrome', 'progressive disease', 'precision medicines', 'gene therapies', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'United States', 'U.S.', 'Stephen Toor', 'payor reimbursement', 'FDA approval', 'immune cells', 'definitive diagnosis', 'genetic testing', 'cell functions', 'cell survival', 'significant impact', 'regulatory review', 'regulatory approvals', 'life-threatening diseases', 'innovative portfolio', 'early to', 'North America', 'Middle East', 'press release', 'future expectations', 'current expectations', 'unknown risks', 'Forward-looking Statements', '1 to 2 people', 'cytokine production', 'immune dysregulation', 'late-stage development', 'actual results', 'targeted treatment', '1 to 6 years', 'pediatric patients', '12 years', 'LEIDEN', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'Nasdaq', 'APDS', 'adult', 'terms', 'Novartis', 'leniolisib', 'variants', 'PIK3CD', 'PIK3R', 'body', 'hyperactivity', 'variety', 'symptoms', 'lymphoproliferation', 'autoimmunity', 'enteropathy', 'conditions', 'time', 'lymphoma', 'multitude', 'differentiation', 'angiogenesis', 'metabolism', 'normalization', 'immunophenotype', 'safety', 'tolerability', 'plans', 'UK', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'children', 'information', 'lives', 'biologics', 'employees', 'globe', '30 markets', 'Africa', 'Asia-Pacific', 'LinkedIn', 'management', 'assumptions', 'uncertainties', 'performance', 'events', 'use', 'phrases', 'ambition', 'milestones', 'objectives', 'outlook', 'project']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,prnewswire.com
22684,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/11/2644042/0/en/Press-Release-Nirsevimab-Sanofi-AstraZeneca-and-Sobi-simplify-contractual-agreements.html,Press Release: Nirsevimab: Sanofi  AstraZeneca and Sobi simplify contractual agreements,Nirsevimab: Sanofi  AstraZeneca and Sobi simplify contractual agreements  Modification of existing collaboration agreement with AstraZeneca gives...,English FrenchNirsevimab: Sanofi  AstraZeneca and Sobi simplify contractual agreementsModification of existing collaboration agreement with AstraZeneca gives Sanofi full commercial control of nirsevimab and enhanced agility in the U.S.Existing collaboration agreement with AstraZeneca remains in place for nirsevimab activities ex-U.S.Paris  April 11  2023. Sanofi has simplified its contractual arrangements relating to the development and commercialization of Beyfortus (nirsevimab) in the United States (U.S.).Under the new and updated arrangements  Sobi will terminate its participation agreement with AstraZeneca  and Sanofi and AstraZeneca will update the Collaboration Agreement so that Sanofi has full commercial control of nirsevimab in the U.S. Sanofi has simultaneously entered into a direct royalty agreement with Sobi to share a portion of U.S. net sales from nirsevimab.With respect to territories outside the U.S.  the existing Collaboration Agreement between AstraZeneca and Sanofi continues to govern that relationship.The new and updated contractual agreements do not impact nirsevimab registration and launch in the U.S.  where all parties remain committed to making Beyfortus available for all infants in time for the 2023/24 RSV season.About BeyfortusBeyfortus® (nirsevimab)  an investigational long-acting antibody designed to protect all infants against RSV infections from birth through their first RSV viral season with a single dose  is being co-developed by Sanofi and AstraZeneca. Beyfortus was developed to provide direct antibody protection to newborns and infants and protect them against lower respiratory tract infections caused by RSV. Monoclonal antibodies do not require activation of the immune system to confer direct and rapid protection against infection. Beyfortus has received marketing authorization in the European Union for the prevention of lower respiratory tract disease caused by RSV in neonates and infants from birth during their first RSV season.In March 2017  AstraZeneca and Sanofi announced an agreement for the development and commercialization of Beyfortus. Under the agreement  AstraZeneca leads all development and manufacturing activities  while Sanofi is responsible for marketing activities and revenue recognition. Under the terms of the global agreement  Sanofi has made an upfront payment of €120 million  a milestone payment of €30 million and a regulatory payment of €25 million. Sanofi shall pay up to €440 million  subject to the achievement of a certain number of regulatory and sales objectives. Both companies share costs and benefits related to the Alliance in certain territories.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni| + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.15,0.3,0.55,True,English,"['Press Release', 'contractual agreements', 'Nirsevimab', 'Sanofi', 'AstraZeneca', 'Sobi', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'lower respiratory tract disease', 'lower respiratory tract infections', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'first RSV viral season', 'U.S. net sales', 'first RSV season', 'investigational long-acting antibody', 'life-changing treatment options', 'Arnaud Delépine', '2023/24 RSV season', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'SNY Media Relations', 'full commercial control', 'direct antibody protection', 'future financial results', 'existing collaboration agreement', 'English French Nirsevimab', 'direct royalty agreement', 'U.S. Sanofi', 'RSV infections', 'global agreement', 'Sanofi Forward-Looking Statements', 'rapid protection', 'sales objectives', 'Investor Relations', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'forward-looking information', 'participation agreement', 'contractual agreements', 'contractual arrangements', 'United States', 'single dose', 'Monoclonal antibodies', 'immune system', 'marketing authorization', 'European Union', 'manufacturing activities', 'marketing activities', 'revenue recognition', 'upfront payment', 'milestone payment', 'one purpose', 'social responsibility', 'Corentine Driancourt', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'underlying assumptions', 'similar expressions', 'nirsevimab activities', 'updated arrangements', 'nirsevimab registration', 'regulatory payment', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Evan Berland', 'Eva Schaefer-Jansen', 'Tarik Elgoutni', 'various risks', 'product development', 'Victor Rouault', 'Felix Lauscher', 'Nathalie Pham', 'AstraZeneca', 'Sobi', 'Modification', 'agility', 'place', 'Paris', 'April', 'commercialization', 'Beyfortus', 'new', 'portion', 'respect', 'territories', 'relationship', 'launch', 'parties', 'infants', 'time', 'birth', 'activation', 'prevention', 'neonates', 'March', 'terms', 'achievement', 'number', 'companies', 'costs', 'benefits', 'Alliance', 'miracles', 'science', 'people', 'lives', 'team', '100 countries', 'practice', 'medicine', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ', 'projections', 'estimates', 'plans', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'events', 'operations', 'services', 'potential', 'words', 'expects', 'anticipates', 'believes', 'management', 'investors', 'uncertainties', 'developments', 'other']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,globenewswire.com
22685,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/11/2644033/0/en/McPhy-Energy-Chart-Industries-Expands-Strategic-Partnership-with-McPhy-and-Larsen-Toubro-for-Hydrogen-Related-Equipment.html,McPhy Energy: Chart Industries Expands Strategic Partnership with McPhy and Larsen & Toubro for Hydrogen-Related Equipment,Atlanta (Georgia  United States)  Mumbai (India) and Grenoble (France)  April 11  2023 - 7:30 am CEST - Chart Industries  Inc. (NYSE: GTLS)  a leading global engineering design and manufacturer of highly engineered equipment servicing multiple applications in…,French EnglishAtlanta (Georgia  United States)  Mumbai (India) and Grenoble (France)  April 11  2023 - 7:30 am CEST - Chart Industries  Inc. (NYSE: GTLS)  a leading global engineering design and manufacturer of highly engineered equipment servicing multiple applications in the clean energy and industrial gas markets  today announced the furthering of its partnerships with McPhy Energy  SA (“McPhy”)  a leading electrolyzer technology and manufacturing company  and Larsen & Toubro (“L&T”)  an Indian multinational engaged in EPC Projects and Hi-Tech Manufacturing and Services. L&T recently announced their partnership with McPhy for opportunities unfolding in the green hydrogen market where McPhy has granted an exclusive license of its pressurized alkaline electrolyzer technology to L&T for manufacturing of electrolyzers  including future product upgrades. L&T plans to set up a Gigawatt-scale manufacturing facility for electrolyzers based on McPhy technology compatible with U.S. and other market requirements.Howden has a longstanding relationship with Larsen & Toubro and has a joint fabrication facility in Hazira  India for axial fans and hair-pin heaters. Additionally  Chart has a commercial memorandum of understanding (“MOU”) already established with McPhy to collaborate on hydrogen opportunities as well as work to scale up projects for hydrogen production  storage  transport and fueling in all addressable regions. Via the Chart commercial agreement with McPhy  Chart will provide hydrogen-related processes and equipment into these applications including hydrogen compression and hydrogen liquefaction.Chart’s hydrogen equipment capabilities  including compression via the Howden acquisition  combined with McPhy’s expertise in the design and manufacturing of electrolysis plants  and Larsen & Toubro’s strong local EPC presence  will allow for further penetration into the Indian market  helping to ramp up the hydrogen economy in India and support the decarbonization of the country.“We are very pleased to see the establishment of a three-way partnership which reinforces our collaboration with Chart Industries. Chart Industries and L&T occupy leading positions in two of the largest markets in the world. This alliance is a great way to leverage our respective expertise in the hydrogen market  which is starting to structure itself on a global scale ” said Jean-Baptiste Lucas  CEO of McPhy.“Our expanded partnership with McPhy and L&T demonstrates the extensive global opportunity in both liquid and gaseous hydrogen for which Chart has a broad offering  including hydrogen process  storage and transport and now  via Howden  compression  stated Jill Evanko  Chart’s CEO. “We are excited to build upon our multiyear collaborations in the industry to be the provider of hydrogen equipment to McPhy and L&T.”ABOUT CHART INDUSTRIES INC.Chart Industries  Inc. a leading independent global manufacturer of highly engineered equipment servicing multiple applications in the energy and industrial gas markets. The company’s unique product portfolio is used in every phase of the liquid gas supply chain  including upfront engineering  service and repair. Being at the forefront of the clean energy transition  Chart is a leading provider of technology  equipment and services related to liquefied natural gas  hydrogen  biogas and CO2 Capture amongst other applications. Chart is committed to excellence in environmental  social and corporate governance (ESG) issues both for its company as well as its customers. With over 25 global locations from the United States to Asia  Australia  India  Europe and South America  the company maintains accountability and transparency to its team members  suppliers  customers and communities. To learn more  visit www.chartindustries.comCONTACTInvestor RelationsJohn WalshVP  Investor relationsT. 1-770-721-8899john.walsh@chartindustries.comABOUT L&T.Larsen & Toubro is an Indian multinational engaged in EPC Projects  Hi-Tech Manufacturing and Services. It operates in over 50 countries worldwide. A strong  customer–focused approach and the constant quest for top-class quality have enabled L&T to attain and sustain leadership in its major lines of business for over eight decades.CONTACTMediaSumeet ChatterjeeHead - Corporate Brand Management & Communicationssumeet.chatterjee@larsentoubro.comABOUT MCPHYSpecialized in hydrogen production and distribution equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of low-carbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment B  ISIN code: FR0011742329  MCPHY).CONTACTS MCPHYNewCapInvestor RelationsEmmanuel HuynhT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 99mcphy@newcap.euPress relationsNicolas MerigeauT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98mcphy@newcap.euFollow us on@McPhyEnergyAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.97,0.03,0.0,True,English,"['Chart Industries', 'Strategic Partnership', 'Hydrogen-Related Equipment', 'McPhy Energy', 'Larsen', 'Toubro', 'strong, customer–focused approach', 'fuel cell electric vehicles', 'industrial raw material supply', 'strong local EPC presence', 'pressurized alkaline electrolyzer technology', 'liquid gas supply chain', 'leading independent global manufacturer', 'leading global engineering design', 'leading electrolyzer technology', 'future product upgrades', 'joint fabrication facility', 'unique product portfolio', 'extensive global opportunity', 'industrial gas markets', 'Corporate Brand Management', 'other market requirements', 'Sumeet Chatterjee Head', 'Gigawatt-scale manufacturing facility', 'green hydrogen market', 'Chart commercial agreement', 'clean energy transition', 'CHART INDUSTRIES INC', 'hydrogen equipment capabilities', 'L&T. Larsen', 'leading positions', 'natural gas', 'industrial, mobility', 'global scale', '25 global locations', 'global deployment', 'largest markets', 'commercial memorandum', 'Indian market', 'leading provider', 'corporate governance', 'upfront engineering', 'EPC Projects', 'other applications', 'hydrogen production', 'hydrogen liquefaction', 'hydrogen economy', 'gaseous hydrogen', 'hydrogen process', 'low-carbon hydrogen', 'French English', 'United States', 'Indian multinational', 'exclusive license', 'U.S.', 'longstanding relationship', 'axial fans', 'hair-pin heaters', 'addressable regions', 'hydrogen-related processes', 'electrolysis plants', 'great way', 'Jean-Baptiste Lucas', 'broad offering', 'Jill Evanko', 'multiyear collaborations', 'CO2 Capture', 'environmental, social', 'ESG) issues', 'South America', 'team members', 'Investor Relations', 'constant quest', 'top-class quality', 'major lines', 'eight decades', 'complete range', 'energy sectors', 'turnkey solutions', 'electricity surplus', 'renewable sources', 'three development', 'production centers', 'international subsidiarie', 'Hi-Tech Manufacturing', 'McPhy technology', 'distribution equipment', 'multiple applications', 'hydrogen opportunities', 'respective expertise', 'CONTACT Media', 'hydrogen compression', 'Howden acquisition', 'three-way partnership', 'McPhy Energy', 'manufacturing company', 'John Walsh', 'Atlanta', 'Georgia', 'Mumbai', 'Grenoble', 'France', 'April', 'CEST', 'NYSE', 'GTLS', 'furthering', 'partnerships', 'Toubro', 'Services', 'electrolyzers', 'Hazira', 'understanding', 'MOU', 'storage', 'transport', 'fueling', 'penetration', 'decarbonization', 'country', 'establishment', 'world', 'alliance', 'CEO', 'industry', 'engineered', 'phase', 'repair', 'forefront', 'biogas', 'excellence', 'customers', 'Asia', 'Australia', 'Europe', 'accountability', 'transparency', 'suppliers', 'communities', 'chartindustries', 'VP', '50 countries', 'leadership', 'business', 'Communications', 'products', 'recharging', 'recovery', 'designer', 'integrator', 'Italy', 'Germany', '7:30']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,globenewswire.com
22686,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/COFACE-SA-16699936/news/COFACE-SA-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-on-Tuesday-16-May-2023-at-02-00pm-43468722/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,COFACE SA: Combined Shareholders' Meeting on Tuesday 16 May 2023 at 02.00pm,(marketscreener.com)  COFACE SA: Combined Shareholders’ Meeting on Tuesday 16 May 2023 at 02.00pm Paris  11 April 2023 – 17.45 COFACE SA's shareholders are hereby informed that the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Tuesday  16th May 2023 at 02.0…,"COFACE SA: Combined Shareholders’ Meeting on Tuesday 16 May 2023 at 02.00pmParis  11 April 2023 – 17.45COFACE SA's shareholders are hereby informed that the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Tuesday  16th May 2023 at 02.00pm at the Group’s headquarters and registered office:1 Place Costes et Bellonte92270 Bois-Colombes - FranceThe notice of meeting containing the agenda and draft resolutions was published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (French Bulletin of Mandatory Legal Notices - BALO) No.42 on 7 April 2023 (announcement No. 2300792).Shareholders may attend the meeting regardless of the number of shares they own  under the conditions described in the notice of meeting.We advise the shareholders to:To vote on the resolutions by post or online  using either the postal voting form or the Votaccess platform. They can also appoint the Chairman of the Shareholders’ Meeting to represent them;To submit written questions by registered letter with acknowledgement of receipt at: COFACE SA  for the attention of the Investors Relations department  1 place Costes et Bellonte  92270 Bois-Colombes  France or electronically to the following address: investors@coface.com (including evidence of their shareholding) on the 10th of May  at the latest. To be taken into account  these questions must be accompanied by a book-entry certificate justifying the share ownership.All documents that must be disclosed for this meeting will be available to the shareholders  within the legal deadlines  on COFACE SA institutional website (www.coface.com) and more precisely under ""Investors/General Assembly"" (https://www.coface.com/Investors/General-Assembly).CONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comBenoît CHASTEL: +33 1 49 02 22 28 – benoit.chastel@coface.comMEDIA RELATIONSSaphia GAOUAOUI: +33 1 49 02 14 91 – saphia.gaouaoui@coface.comCorentin HENRY: +33 1 49 02 23 94 - corentin.henry@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2023(subject to change)Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting 2022: 16 May 2023Q1-2023 results: 25 May 2023 (after market close)H1-2023 results: 10 August 2023 (after market close)9M-2023 results: 14 November 2023 (after market close)FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website:http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for H1-2022 and our 2022 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust. You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com.COFACE: FOR TRADEWith more than 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is one of the leader in trade credit insurance and adjacent specialty services  including Factoring  Single Risk insurance  Bonding and Information services. Coface’s experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping ~50 000 clients build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses across the world. Coface helps companies in their credit decisions. The Group's services and solutions strengthen their ability to sell by protecting them against the risks of non-payment in their domestic and export markets. In 2022  Coface employed ~4 721 people and registered a turnover of €1.81 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Mnémonique : COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 “Main risk factors and their management within the Group” of the Coface Group's 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 6 April 2023 under the number D.23-0244 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.02,0.98,True,English,"[""Combined Shareholders' Meeting"", 'COFACE SA', 'Tuesday 16\xa0May', '02.00pm', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Euronext Paris Code ISIN', 'Key financial performance indicators', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'COFACE SA institutional website', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'postal voting form', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'extensive international network', 'Single Risk insurance', 'Interim Financial Report', 'Mandatory Legal Notices', 'Benoît CHASTEL', 'Main risk factors', 'integral regulatory information', 'trade credit insurance', 'adjacent specialty services', 'Costes et Bellonte', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Investors Relations department', 'The Coface Group', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'legal deadlines', 'benoit.chastel', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'FOR TRADE', 'credit decisions', 'many factors', 'major factors', 'The Group', 'regulated information', 'Information services', 'new information', 'registered office', '1 Place Costes', 'Votaccess platform', 'following address', 'book-entry certificate', 'share ownership', 'Investors/General Assembly', 'Corentin HENRY', 'corentin.henry', 'Q1-2023 results', 'H1-2023 results', '9M-2023 results', 'press release', 'blockchain technology', 'global economy', 'export markets', 'Compartment A', 'Mnémonique', 'future events', 'significant discrepancy', 'real results', 'other circumstance', 'draft resolutions', 'French Bulletin', 'Thomas JACQUET', 'Regulated documents', 'dynamic businesses', 'Certain declarations', 'market close', 'unidentified risks', 'Saphia GAOUAOUI', 'Tuesday 16 May', '02.00pm', '11 April', 'headquarters', 'Bois-Colombes', 'France', 'agenda', 'BALO', 'No.', '7 April', 'announcement', 'number', 'shares', 'conditions', 'Chairman', 'questions', 'letter', 'acknowledgement', 'receipt', 'attention', 'evidence', 'shareholding', '10th', 'account', 'General-Assembly', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', '10 August', 'APM', 'Wiztrust', 'authenticity', '75 years', 'experience', 'leader', 'Factoring', 'Bonding', 'experts', 'beat', '~50,000 clients', 'world', 'companies', 'ability', 'payment', 'domestic', '~4,721 people', 'turnover', 'DISCLAIMER', 'forecasts', 'trends', 'projects', 'targets', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'rise', 'chapter', 'management', 'AMF', '6 April', 'order', 'description', 'intention', 'obligation', 'update', 'Attachment', '1 49 02', '25', '14']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22687,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ASTROCAST-SA-126113022/news/Astrocast-Participates-in-EU-s-CiROCCO-Initiative-Brings-Satellite-IoT-Connectivity-to-Under-Samp-43463723/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Astrocast : Participates in EU's CiROCCO Initiative; Brings Satellite IoT Connectivity to Under-Sampled Desert Areas,(marketscreener.com)   Satellite IoT supports renewable energy systems planning in Benban solar farm  Egypt - helps to develop a dedicated energy management system     Lausanne  Switzerland  April 4  2023 -  Astrocast  a leading global nanosatellite Io…,"Satellite IoT supports renewable energy systems planning in Benban solar farm  Egypt - helps to develop a dedicated energy management systemLausanne  Switzerland  April 4  2023 - Astrocast  a leading global nanosatellite IoT network operator  today announces its participation in the European Union (EU) funded CiROCCO initiative. CiROCCO forms a key part of the EU's Horizon Europe Progamme  a funding programme for research and innovation with a budget of €95.5 billion. The CiROCCO research project aims to establish a low-cost and sustainable network of electronic sensing nodes in under-sampled desert areas and ecosystems in Egypt  Serbia and Spain. Astrocast will be involved in CiROCCO's Benban solar farm project in Egypt  where SatIoT will support with renewable energy systems (RES) planning.CiROCCO project objectivesCiROCCO was founded on March 1  2023. Over the next three years  a consortium of twelve organisations  including universities  governments  NGOs and enterprises will drive the initiative forward. Key objectives include:To provide high-quality data for the research community to use to enhance climate change models and support the European Green Deal challenges.Integrating and assimilating in-situ data with Earth Observation data coming from the EU's Copernicus programme - which is the Earth observation component of the EU's Space programme  looking at our planet and its environment  to benefit all European citizens. Importantly  it offers information services that draw from satellite Earth Observation and in-situ (non-space) data.with Earth Observation data coming from the EU's Copernicus programme - which is the Earth observation component of the EU's Space programme  looking at our planet and its environment  to benefit all European citizens. Importantly  it offers information services that draw from satellite Earth Observation and in-situ (non-space) data. Accelerate the wider community's adoption of CiROCCO tools and services that are developed to maximise impact and success for participating parties.Benban solar farm project  EgyptBroadly speaking  CiROCCO aims to collect data from low-cost  stand-alone  electronic sensing nodes  in addition to higher-quality  off-the-self  sensing stations and medium-cost portable sun photometers through mobile monitoring devices. Astrocast's involvement here will primarily focus on a Renewable Energy Systems (RES) Planning pilot project at the Benban solar farm  Egypt. Astrocast's SatIoT connectivity will allow data transmission to take place in this remote location between the various sensors and their operational teams  enabling them to transmit  access and interpret the data they need.For example  sensor information that is transmitted via Astrocast's SatIoT will be used to deliver a data modelling infrastructure. This will enable this project to manage energy and optimise production more effectively. It includes tracking solar radiation measurements - to harmonise this with actual power production  for data assimilation into solar energy models and for forecasting purposes.Wind speed and direction will be tracked. This will help provide information about dust forecasting and load estimation. Dust modelling will be compared with air quality quantification. Temperature and humidity of the solar panels will be monitored too  and this will help the operator to ensure optimal operating conditions and manage maintenance alerts relating to solar panel efficiency.The Benban solar farm will also use the information that it gathers about real power and energy production to validate the observational and modelling approaches that are being deployed. As a result  the project hopes to develop a sophisticated  dedicated energy management system for the Benban solar project - and a more powerful model that other organisations can learn from  replicate and apply to other solar farms in Egypt and across the world.""Astrocast is dedicated to providing global IoT connectivity. We are proud to be part of the CiROCCO initiative  and to contribute our expertise to establish a low-cost and sustainable network of electronic sensing nodes in under-sampled desert areas. We believe that the data generated from this initiative will play a crucial role in enhancing climate change models and supporting the European Green Deal challenges. Furthermore  by participating in the Renewable Energy Systems Planning pilot project in Egypt  we aim to leverage our satellite technology to optimise energy production and contribute to developing a dedicated energy management system for the Benban solar project and beyond."" says Fabien Jordan  CEO  Astrocast says Fabien Jordan  CEO  AstrocastThe consortium of organisations participating in the CiROCCO research project will collaborate closely with post-project operating entities to achieve the critical objectives of the CiROCCO project. A list of parties involved can be found here.ENDABOUT ASTROCASTAstrocast SA operates a leading global nanosatellite IoT network  offering services in industries such as Agriculture & Livestock  Maritime  Environment & Utilities. The Astrocast network enables companies to monitor  track  and communicate with remote assets worldwide. It relies on superior L-band spectrum through a strategic alliance with Thuraya. Furthermore  in partnership with Airbus  CEA/LETI and ESA  Astrocast developed Astronode S  an ultra-low power and miniaturised module compatible with inexpensive L-band patch antennas. Founded in 2014 by a renowned team of experts  Astrocast develops and tests all its products in-house  from the satellites to the modules. Astrocast is listed on Euronext Growth Oslo.For more information visit astrocast.comABOUT CiROCCOCiROCCO (Enhancing the In-situ Environmental Observations across Under-sampled Deserts) is coordinated by the Institute of Communication & Computer Systems (ICCS) in Greece and involves 12 organisations from 4 EU members (Greece  Cyprus  Spain  and Luxembourg) and 3 non-EU countries (Switzerland  Egypt  and Serbia). The consortium comprises 3 Academic and Research Technology Organisations  4 companies  and 5 national  regional  and local authorities. The project will run from 1 March 2023 to 28 February 2026 and has a budget of €3.5M.For more information visit: Home - CiROCCO (cirocco-project.eu)Media Contact Astrocast",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.71,0.28,0.01,True,English,"['Satellite IoT Connectivity', 'Sampled Desert Areas', 'CiROCCO Initiative', 'Astrocast', 'EU', 'leading global nanosatellite IoT network operator', 'Renewable Energy Systems Planning pilot project', 'sophisticated, dedicated energy management system', 'low-cost, stand-alone, electronic sensing nodes', 'medium-cost portable sun photometers', 'RES) Planning pilot project', 'European Green Deal challenges', 'The Benban solar farm', 'Benban solar farm project', 'The CiROCCO research project', 'global IoT connectivity', 'Benban solar project', 'solar energy models', 'solar radiation measurements', 'solar panel efficiency', 'Horizon Europe Progamme', 'next three years', 'climate change models', 'Earth observation component', 'mobile monitoring devices', 'air quality quantification', 'optimal operating conditions', 'post-project operating entities', 'other solar farms', 'satellite Earth Observation', 'Earth Observation data', 'CiROCCO project objectives', 'actual power production', 'data modelling infrastructure', 'sustainable network', 'energy production', 'sensing stations', 'solar panels', 'European Union', 'European citizens', 'research community', 'real power', 'satellite technology', 'Key objectives', 'Dust modelling', 'modelling approaches', 'critical objectives', 'other organisations', 'funding programme', 'desert areas', 'high-quality data', 'Copernicus programme', 'Space programme', 'space) data', 'wider community', 'CiROCCO tools', 'data transmission', 'remote location', 'various sensors', 'operational teams', 'data assimilation', 'forecasting purposes', 'Wind speed', 'dust forecasting', 'load estimation', 'maintenance alerts', 'powerful model', 'crucial role', 'Fabien Jordan', 'SatIoT connectivity', 'twelve organisations', 'sensor information', 'CiROCCO initiative', 'key part', 'participating parties', 'situ data', 'information services', 'Astrocast SA', 'Egypt', 'Lausanne', 'Switzerland', 'April', 'participation', 'innovation', 'budget', 'ecosystems', 'Serbia', 'Spain', 'March', 'consortium', 'universities', 'governments', 'NGOs', 'enterprises', 'planet', 'environment', 'adoption', 'impact', 'success', 'addition', 'higher-quality', 'involvement', 'place', 'example', 'direction', 'Temperature', 'humidity', 'observational', 'result', 'world', 'expertise', 'CEO', 'list', 'industries', 'Agriculture', 'Livestock', 'Marit']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22688,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MCPHY-ENERGY-15933338/news/McPhy-Energy-Chart-Industries-Expands-Strategic-Partnership-with-McPhy-and-Larsen-Toubro-for-Hydr-43462382/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,McPhy Energy: Chart Industries Expands Strategic Partnership with McPhy and Larsen & Toubro for Hydrogen-Related Equipment,(marketscreener.com) Atlanta   Mumbai and Grenoble   April 11  2023 - 7:30 am CEST - Chart Industries  Inc.   a leading global engineering design and manufacturer of highly engineered equipment servicing multiple applications in the clean energy and industria…,Atlanta (Georgia  United States)  Mumbai (India) and Grenoble (France)  April 11  2023 - 7:30 am CEST - Chart Industries  Inc. (NYSE: GTLS)  a leading global engineering design and manufacturer of highly engineered equipment servicing multiple applications in the clean energy and industrial gas markets  today announced the furthering of its partnerships with McPhy Energy  SA (“McPhy”)  a leading electrolyzer technology and manufacturing company  and Larsen & Toubro (“L&T”)  an Indian multinational engaged in EPC Projects and Hi-Tech Manufacturing and Services. L&T recently announced their partnership with McPhy for opportunities unfolding in the green hydrogen market where McPhy has granted an exclusive license of its pressurized alkaline electrolyzer technology to L&T for manufacturing of electrolyzers  including future product upgrades. L&T plans to set up a Gigawatt-scale manufacturing facility for electrolyzers based on McPhy technology compatible with U.S. and other market requirements.Howden has a longstanding relationship with Larsen & Toubro and has a joint fabrication facility in Hazira  India for axial fans and hair-pin heaters. Additionally  Chart has a commercial memorandum of understanding (“MOU”) already established with McPhy to collaborate on hydrogen opportunities as well as work to scale up projects for hydrogen production  storage  transport and fueling in all addressable regions. Via the Chart commercial agreement with McPhy  Chart will provide hydrogen-related processes and equipment into these applications including hydrogen compression and hydrogen liquefaction.Chart’s hydrogen equipment capabilities  including compression via the Howden acquisition  combined with McPhy’s expertise in the design and manufacturing of electrolysis plants  and Larsen & Toubro’s strong local EPC presence  will allow for further penetration into the Indian market  helping to ramp up the hydrogen economy in India and support the decarbonization of the country.“We are very pleased to see the establishment of a three-way partnership which reinforces our collaboration with Chart Industries. Chart Industries and L&T occupy leading positions in two of the largest markets in the world. This alliance is a great way to leverage our respective expertise in the hydrogen market  which is starting to structure itself on a global scale ” said Jean-Baptiste Lucas  CEO of McPhy.“Our expanded partnership with McPhy and L&T demonstrates the extensive global opportunity in both liquid and gaseous hydrogen for which Chart has a broad offering  including hydrogen process  storage and transport and now  via Howden  compression  stated Jill Evanko  Chart’s CEO. “We are excited to build upon our multiyear collaborations in the industry to be the provider of hydrogen equipment to McPhy and L&T.”ABOUT CHART INDUSTRIES INC.Chart Industries  Inc. a leading independent global manufacturer of highly engineered equipment servicing multiple applications in the energy and industrial gas markets. The company’s unique product portfolio is used in every phase of the liquid gas supply chain  including upfront engineering  service and repair. Being at the forefront of the clean energy transition  Chart is a leading provider of technology  equipment and services related to liquefied natural gas  hydrogen  biogas and CO2 Capture amongst other applications. Chart is committed to excellence in environmental  social and corporate governance (ESG) issues both for its company as well as its customers. With over 25 global locations from the United States to Asia  Australia  India  Europe and South America  the company maintains accountability and transparency to its team members  suppliers  customers and communities. To learn more  visit www.chartindustries.comCONTACTInvestor RelationsJohn WalshVP  Investor relationsT. 1-770-721-8899john.walsh@chartindustries.comABOUT L&T.Larsen & Toubro is an Indian multinational engaged in EPC Projects  Hi-Tech Manufacturing and Services. It operates in over 50 countries worldwide. A strong  customer–focused approach and the constant quest for top-class quality have enabled L&T to attain and sustain leadership in its major lines of business for over eight decades.CONTACTMediaSumeet ChatterjeeHead - Corporate Brand Management & Communicationssumeet.chatterjee@larsentoubro.comABOUT MCPHYSpecialized in hydrogen production and distribution equipment  McPhy is contributing to the global deployment of low-carbon hydrogen as a solution for energy transition. With its complete range of products dedicated to the industrial  mobility and energy sectors  McPhy offers its customers turnkey solutions adapted to their applications in industrial raw material supply  recharging of fuel cell electric vehicles or storage and recovery of electricity surplus based on renewable sources. As designer  manufacturer and integrator of hydrogen equipment since 2008  McPhy has three development  engineering and production centers in Europe (France  Italy  Germany). Its international subsidiaries provide broad commercial coverage for its innovative hydrogen solutions. McPhy is listed on Euronext Paris (compartment B  ISIN code: FR0011742329  MCPHY).CONTACTS MCPHYNewCapInvestor RelationsEmmanuel HuynhT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 99mcphy@newcap.euPress relationsNicolas MerigeauT. +33 (0)1 44 71 94 98mcphy@newcap.euFollow us on@McPhyEnergyAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['Chart Industries', 'Strategic Partnership', 'Hydrogen-Related Equipment', 'McPhy Energy', 'Larsen', 'Toubro', 'strong, customer–focused approach', 'fuel cell electric vehicles', 'industrial raw material supply', 'strong local EPC presence', 'pressurized alkaline electrolyzer technology', 'liquid gas supply chain', 'leading independent global manufacturer', 'leading global engineering design', 'liquefied natural gas', 'leading electrolyzer technology', 'future product upgrades', 'joint fabrication facility', 'unique product portfolio', 'industrial gas markets', 'extensive global opportunity', 'Corporate Brand Management', 'other market requirements', 'Sumeet Chatterjee Head', 'Gigawatt-scale manufacturing facility', 'green hydrogen market', 'Chart commercial agreement', 'clean energy transition', 'CHART INDUSTRIES INC', 'hydrogen equipment capabilities', 'L&T. Larsen', 'leading positions', 'industrial, mobility', 'global scale', '25 global locations', 'global deployment', 'largest markets', 'commercial memorandum', 'Indian market', 'leading provider', 'corporate governance', 'upfront engineering', 'EPC Projects', 'other applications', 'hydrogen production', 'hydrogen liquefaction', 'hydrogen economy', 'gaseous hydrogen', 'hydrogen process', 'low-carbon hydrogen', 'United States', 'Indian multinational', 'exclusive license', 'U.S.', 'longstanding relationship', 'axial fans', 'hair-pin heaters', 'addressable regions', 'hydrogen-related processes', 'electrolysis plants', 'great way', 'Jean-Baptiste Lucas', 'Jill Evanko', 'multiyear collaborations', 'CO2 Capture', 'environmental, social', 'ESG) issues', 'South America', 'team members', 'Investor Relations', 'constant quest', 'top-class quality', 'major lines', 'eight decades', 'complete range', 'energy sectors', 'turnkey solutions', 'electricity surplus', 'renewable sources', 'three development', 'production centers', 'international subsidiaries', 'Hi-Tech Manufacturing', 'McPhy technology', 'distribution equipment', 'multiple applications', 'hydrogen opportunities', 'respective expertise', 'broad offering', 'CONTACT Media', 'hydrogen compression', 'Howden acquisition', 'three-way partnership', 'McPhy Energy', 'manufacturing company', 'John Walsh', 'Atlanta', 'Georgia', 'Mumbai', 'Grenoble', 'France', 'April', 'CEST', 'GTLS', 'engineered', 'furthering', 'partnerships', 'Toubro', 'Services', 'electrolyzers', 'Hazira', 'understanding', 'MOU', 'storage', 'transport', 'penetration', 'decarbonization', 'country', 'establishment', 'world', 'alliance', 'CEO', 'industry', 'phase', 'repair', 'forefront', 'biogas', 'excellence', 'customers', 'Asia', 'Australia', 'Europe', 'accountability', 'transparency', 'suppliers', 'communities', 'chartindustries', 'VP', '50 countries', 'leadership', 'business', 'Communications', 'products', 'recharging', 'recovery', 'designer', 'integrator', 'Italy', 'Germany', '7:30']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22689,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SANOFI-4698/news/Press-Release-Nirsevimab-Sanofi-AstraZeneca-and-Sobi-simplify-contractual-agreements-43462506/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Press Release: Nirsevimab: Sanofi  AstraZeneca and Sobi simplify contractual agreements,(marketscreener.com) Nirsevimab: Sanofi  AstraZeneca and Sobi simplify contractual agreements Modification of existing collaboration agreement with AstraZeneca gives Sanofi full commercial control of nirsevimab and enhanced agility in the U.S.Existing collabo…,Nirsevimab: Sanofi  AstraZeneca and Sobi simplify contractual agreementsModification of existing collaboration agreement with AstraZeneca gives Sanofi full commercial control of nirsevimab and enhanced agility in the U.S.Existing collaboration agreement with AstraZeneca remains in place for nirsevimab activities ex-U.S.Paris  April 11  2023. Sanofi has simplified its contractual arrangements relating to the development and commercialization of Beyfortus (nirsevimab) in the United States (U.S.).Under the new and updated arrangements  Sobi will terminate its participation agreement with AstraZeneca  and Sanofi and AstraZeneca will update the Collaboration Agreement so that Sanofi has full commercial control of nirsevimab in the U.S. Sanofi has simultaneously entered into a direct royalty agreement with Sobi to share a portion of U.S. net sales from nirsevimab.With respect to territories outside the U.S.  the existing Collaboration Agreement between AstraZeneca and Sanofi continues to govern that relationship.The new and updated contractual agreements do not impact nirsevimab registration and launch in the U.S.  where all parties remain committed to making Beyfortus available for all infants in time for the 2023/24 RSV season.About BeyfortusBeyfortus® (nirsevimab)  an investigational long-acting antibody designed to protect all infants against RSV infections from birth through their first RSV viral season with a single dose  is being co-developed by Sanofi and AstraZeneca. Beyfortus was developed to provide direct antibody protection to newborns and infants and protect them against lower respiratory tract infections caused by RSV. Monoclonal antibodies do not require activation of the immune system to confer direct and rapid protection against infection. Beyfortus has received marketing authorization in the European Union for the prevention of lower respiratory tract disease caused by RSV in neonates and infants from birth during their first RSV season.In March 2017  AstraZeneca and Sanofi announced an agreement for the development and commercialization of Beyfortus. Under the agreement  AstraZeneca leads all development and manufacturing activities  while Sanofi is responsible for marketing activities and revenue recognition. Under the terms of the global agreement  Sanofi has made an upfront payment of €120 million  a milestone payment of €30 million and a regulatory payment of €25 million. Sanofi shall pay up to €440 million  subject to the achievement of a certain number of regulatory and sales objectives. Both companies share costs and benefits related to the Alliance in certain territories.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | +1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 6 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comTarik Elgoutni| + 1 617 710 3587 | tarik.elgoutni@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 7 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  future clinical data and analysis  including post marketing  decisions by regulatory authorities  such as the FDA or the EMA  regarding whether and when to approve any drug  device or biological application that may be filed for any such product candidates as well as their decisions regarding labelling and other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of such product candidates  the fact that product candidates if approved may not be commercially successful  the future approval and commercial success of therapeutic alternatives  Sanofi’s ability to benefit from external growth opportunities  to complete related transactions and/or obtain regulatory clearances  risks associated with intellectual property and any related pending or future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  trends in exchange rates and prevailing interest rates  volatile economic and market conditions  cost containment initiatives and subsequent changes thereto  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2022. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.14,0.18,0.68,True,English,"['Press Release', 'contractual agreements', 'Nirsevimab', 'Sanofi', 'AstraZeneca', 'Sobi', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'lower respiratory tract disease', 'lower respiratory tract infections', 'innovative global healthcare company', 'first RSV viral season', 'U.S. net sales', 'first RSV season', 'investigational long-acting antibody', 'life-changing treatment options', 'Arnaud Delépine', '2023/24 RSV season', 'life-saving vaccine protection', 'SNY Media Relations', 'full commercial control', 'direct antibody protection', 'future financial results', 'existing collaboration agreement', 'direct royalty agreement', 'U.S. Sanofi', 'RSV infections', 'global agreement', 'Sanofi Forward-Looking Statements', 'rapid protection', 'sales objectives', 'Investor Relations', 'future performance', 'actual results', 'forward-looking information', 'participation agreement', 'contractual agreements', 'contractual arrangements', 'United States', 'single dose', 'Monoclonal antibodies', 'immune system', 'marketing authorization', 'European Union', 'manufacturing activities', 'marketing activities', 'revenue recognition', 'upfront payment', 'milestone payment', 'one purpose', 'social responsibility', 'Corentine Driancourt', 'press release', 'historical facts', 'underlying assumptions', 'similar expressions', 'other things', 'updated arrangements', 'regulatory payment', 'Sandrine Guendoul', 'Evan Berland', 'Eva Schaefer-Jansen', 'Tarik Elgoutni', 'various risks', 'nirsevimab activities', 'nirsevimab registration', 'product development', 'Victor Rouault', 'Felix Lauscher', 'Nathalie Pham', 'RSV.', 'AstraZeneca', 'Sobi', 'Modification', 'agility', 'place', 'Paris', 'April', 'commercialization', 'Beyfortus', 'new', 'portion', 'respect', 'territories', 'relationship', 'launch', 'parties', 'infants', 'time', 'birth', 'activation', 'prevention', 'neonates', 'March', 'terms', 'achievement', 'number', 'companies', 'costs', 'benefits', 'Alliance', 'miracles', 'science', 'people', 'lives', 'team', '100 countries', 'practice', 'medicine', 'millions', 'sustainability', 'center', 'ambitions', 'EURONEXT', 'NASDAQ', 'projections', 'estimates', 'plans', 'intentions', 'expectations', 'events', 'operations', 'services', 'potential', 'words', 'management', 'investors', 'uncertainties', 'developments']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22690,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2023/04/11/2644711/0/en/COFACE-SA-Combined-Shareholders-Meeting-on-Tuesday-16-May-2023-at-02-00pm.html,COFACE SA: Combined Shareholders’ Meeting on Tuesday 16 May 2023 at 02.00pm,COFACE SA: Combined Shareholders’ Meeting on Tuesday 16 May 2023 at 02.00pm  Paris  11 April 2023 – 17.45  COFACE SA's shareholders are hereby informed......,"English FrenchCOFACE SA: Combined Shareholders’ Meeting on Tuesday 16 May 2023 at 02.00pmParis  11 April 2023 – 17.45COFACE SA's shareholders are hereby informed that the Combined Shareholders’ Meeting will be held on Tuesday  16th May 2023 at 02.00pm at the Group’s headquarters and registered office:1 Place Costes et Bellonte92270 Bois-Colombes - FranceThe notice of meeting containing the agenda and draft resolutions was published in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires (French Bulletin of Mandatory Legal Notices - BALO) No.42 on 7 April 2023 (announcement No. 2300792).Shareholders may attend the meeting regardless of the number of shares they own  under the conditions described in the notice of meeting.We advise the shareholders to:To vote on the resolutions by post or online  using either the postal voting form or the Votaccess platform. They can also appoint the Chairman of the Shareholders’ Meeting to represent them;To submit written questions by registered letter with acknowledgement of receipt at: COFACE SA  for the attention of the Investors Relations department  1 place Costes et Bellonte  92270 Bois-Colombes  France or electronically to the following address: investors@coface.com (including evidence of their shareholding) on the 10th of May  at the latest. To be taken into account  these questions must be accompanied by a book-entry certificate justifying the share ownership.All documents that must be disclosed for this meeting will be available to the shareholders  within the legal deadlines  on COFACE SA institutional website (www.coface.com) and more precisely under ""Investors/General Assembly"" (https://www.coface.com/Investors/General-Assembly).CONTACTSANALYSTS / INVESTORSThomas JACQUET: +33 1 49 02 12 58 – thomas.jacquet@coface.comBenoît CHASTEL: +33 1 49 02 22 28 – benoit.chastel@coface.comMEDIA RELATIONSSaphia GAOUAOUI: +33 1 49 02 14 91 – saphia.gaouaoui@coface.comCorentin HENRY: +33 1 49 02 23 94 - corentin.henry@coface.comFINANCIAL CALENDAR 2023(subject to change)Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting 2022: 16 May 2023Q1-2023 results: 25 May 2023 (after market close)H1-2023 results: 10 August 2023 (after market close)9M-2023 results: 14 November 2023 (after market close)FINANCIAL INFORMATIONThis press release  as well as COFACE SA’s integral regulatory information  can be found on the Group’s website:http://www.coface.com/InvestorsFor regulated information on Alternative Performance Measures (APM)  please refer to our Interim Financial Report for H1-2022 and our 2022 Universal Registration Document (see part 3.7 “Key financial performance indicators”).Regulated documents posted by COFACE SA have been secured and authenticated with the blockchain technology by Wiztrust. You can check the authenticity on the website www.wiztrust.com.COFACE: FOR TRADEWith more than 75 years of experience and the most extensive international network  Coface is one of the leader in trade credit insurance and adjacent specialty services  including Factoring  Single Risk insurance  Bonding and Information services. Coface’s experts work to the beat of the global economy  helping ~50 000 clients build successful  growing  and dynamic businesses across the world. Coface helps companies in their credit decisions. The Group's services and solutions strengthen their ability to sell by protecting them against the risks of non-payment in their domestic and export markets. In 2022  Coface employed ~4 721 people and registered a turnover of €1.81 billion.www.coface.comCOFACE SA is quoted in Compartment A of Euronext ParisCode ISIN: FR0010667147 / Mnémonique : COFADISCLAIMER - Certain declarations featured in this press release may contain forecasts that notably relate to future events  trends  projects or targets. By nature  these forecasts include identified or unidentified risks and uncertainties  and may be affected by many factors likely to give rise to a significant discrepancy between the real results and those stated in these declarations. Please refer to chapter 5 “Main risk factors and their management within the Group” of the Coface Group's 2022 Universal Registration Document filed with AMF on 6 April 2023 under the number D.23-0244 in order to obtain a description of certain major factors  risks and uncertainties likely to influence the Coface Group's businesses. The Coface Group disclaims any intention or obligation to publish an update of these forecasts  or provide new information on future events or any other circumstance.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'COFACE SA', 'Tuesday 16\xa0May', '02.00pm', 'Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'Euronext Paris Code ISIN', 'Key financial performance indicators', 'Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting', 'COFACE SA institutional website', 'Alternative Performance Measures', 'postal voting form', '2022 Universal Registration Document', 'extensive international network', 'Single Risk insurance', 'Interim Financial Report', 'Mandatory Legal Notices', 'Benoît CHASTEL', 'Main risk factors', 'integral regulatory information', 'trade credit insurance', 'adjacent specialty services', 'Costes et Bellonte', 'Combined Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Investors Relations department', 'The Coface Group', 'FINANCIAL INFORMATION', 'FINANCIAL CALENDAR', 'legal deadlines', 'benoit.chastel', 'MEDIA RELATIONS', 'FOR TRADE', 'credit decisions', 'many factors', 'major factors', 'The Group', 'regulated information', 'Information services', 'new information', 'English French', 'registered office', '1 Place Costes', 'Votaccess platform', 'following address', 'book-entry certificate', 'share ownership', 'Investors/General Assembly', 'Corentin HENRY', 'corentin.henry', 'Q1-2023 results', 'H1-2023 results', '9M-2023 results', 'press release', 'blockchain technology', 'global economy', 'export markets', 'Compartment A', 'Mnémonique', 'future events', 'significant discrepancy', 'real results', 'other circumstance', 'draft resolutions', 'French Bulletin', 'Thomas JACQUET', 'Regulated documents', 'dynamic businesses', 'Certain declarations', 'market close', 'unidentified risks', 'Saphia GAOUAOUI', 'Tuesday 16 May', '02.00pm', '11 April', 'headquarters', 'Bois-Colombes', 'France', 'agenda', 'BALO', 'No.', '7 April', 'announcement', 'number', 'shares', 'conditions', 'Chairman', 'questions', 'letter', 'acknowledgement', 'receipt', 'attention', 'evidence', 'shareholding', '10th', 'account', 'General-Assembly', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'APM', 'Wiztrust', 'authenticity', '75 years', 'experience', 'leader', 'Factoring', 'Bonding', 'experts', 'beat', '~50,000 clients', 'world', 'companies', 'ability', 'payment', 'domestic', '~4,721 people', 'turnover', 'DISCLAIMER', 'forecasts', 'trends', 'projects', 'targets', 'nature', 'uncertainties', 'rise', 'chapter', 'management', 'AMF', '6 April', 'order', 'description', 'intention', 'obligation', 'update', 'Attachment', '1 49 02', '25', '14']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,globenewswire.com
22691,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SALCEF-GROUP-S-P-A-76191535/news/Salcef-S-p-A-Report-on-Corporate-Governance-and-ownership-structure-43467945/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Salcef S p A : Report on Corporate Governance and ownership structure,(marketscreener.com)   Salcef Group S.p.A.   REPORT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OWNERSHIP STRUCTURE   drafted in accordance with article 123b of [Italian] legislative decree 58 of 24 February 1998      Issuer: Salcef Group S.p.A.   Issuer's w…,EXM Euronext Milan (formerly MTA)  regulated marketorganized and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.Salcef Group Collectively  the Company and other Italian andforeign companies controlled by it pursuant toArticle 2359 of the Civil Code and article 93 of theTUF.Instructions on the Regulations of the Market The Instructions to the Regulations of the Marketsorganized and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A.Market Abuse Regulation or MAR The EU Regulation no. 596/2014  as subsequentlysupplemented and implemented  relating to marketabuse.Consob Issuers' Regulations The Regulation issued by CONSOB with resolutionno. 11971 of 1999 regarding issuers  assubsequently amended and supplemented.Consob Market Regulation The Regulation issued by CONSOB with resolutionno. 20249 of 2017 on markets  as subsequentlyamended and supplemented.Consob Related Party Transactions The Regulation issued by CONSOB with resolutionRegulations or RPT Regulations no. 17221 of 12 March 2010 on related partytransactions  as subsequently amended andsupplemented.Report This report on corporate governance and ownershipstructures that the Company is required to draw uppursuant to art. 123-bis of the TUF and in compliancewith the Corporate Governance Code.Remuneration Report The report on the remuneration policy and fees paiddrawn up pursuant to art. 123-ter of the TUF andarticle 84-quater of the Consob Issuers Regulation.Website The Company's website: www.salcef.com.Salcef/Company/Issuer Salcef Group S.p.A.  with registered office in Rome Via Salaria no. 1027  00138  registered in theRegister of Companies of Rome  VAT number01951301009 and Tax Code 08061650589  issuer ofthe securities to which the Report refers.ICRMS Internal Control and Risk Management SystemBylaws The Bylaws of Salcef Group S.p.A.  published on theCompany's website and in force on the Date of theReport.Consolidated Law on Finance / TUF Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998  as,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.0,0.02,0.97,True,English,"['Salcef S', 'Corporate Governance', 'ownership structure', 'Report', 'Issuer Salcef Group S.p.A.', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'Consob Related Party Transactions', 'EXM Euronext Milan', 'ICRMS Internal Control', 'Risk Management System', 'TUF Legislative Decree', 'Corporate Governance Code', 'Consob Issuers Regulation', ""Consob Issuers' Regulations"", 'Consob Market Regulation', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Civil Code', 'Tax Code', 'other Italian', 'EU Regulation', 'ownership structures', 'remuneration policy', 'registered office', 'Via Salaria', 'VAT number', 'Consolidated Law', 'RPT Regulations', 'foreign companies', 'Remuneration Report', 'resolution Regulations', 'The Company', 'MTA', 'Article', 'Instructions', 'Markets', '12 March', 'art.', 'compliance', 'fees', 'Website', 'Rome', 'securities', 'Bylaws', 'force', 'Finance', '24 February']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22692,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/CRAYONANO-AS-120976700/news/CrayoNano-AS-Contemplated-private-placement-of-approximately-NOK-100-ndash-150-million-43462447/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,CrayoNano AS: Contemplated private placement of approximately NOK 100 – 150 million,(marketscreener.com)   CrayoNano AS: Contemplated private placement of approximately NOK 100 - 150 million  11 Apr 2023    NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  TO U.S. NEWS WIRE SERVICES  OR IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AU…,"CrayoNano AS: Contemplated private placement of approximately NOK 100 - 150 million 11 Apr 2023NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  TO U.S. NEWS WIRE SERVICES  OR IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES  CANADA  AUSTRALIA  THE HONG KONG SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGION OF THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA  SOUTH AFRICA OR JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. OTHER RESTRICTIONS ARE APPLICABLE. PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE END OF THE PRESS RELEASETrondheim  Norway-CrayoNano AS (""CrayoNano"" or the ""Company"") is contemplating to raise gross proceeds in the range of approx. NOK 100 - 150 million through issuance of new ordinary shares (the ""Offer Shares"") in the Company (the ""Private Placement""). The net proceeds of the Private Placement to the Company will be used to accelerate operations  acquire patent rights  and invest in manufacturing capacity and flexibility  reducing risks around supply chain disruption and product quality  as well as for general corporate purposes. The Company's board of directors (the ""Board"") has resolved to pursue a listing on Euronext Growth Oslo within the next 12 months.CrayoNano has entered into a term sheet with the European Innovation Council (""EIC"") Fund where they have pre-committed to subscribe for Offer Shares for an amount of up to the NOK equivalent of EUR 5 million at the subscription price per Offer Share in the Private Placement (the ""Offer Price"") subject to certain terms and conditions being fulfilled. Any subscription from EIC Fund is subject to  inter alia  CrayoNano raising gross proceeds in the Private Placement of an amount equal to or exceeding the NOK equivalent of EUR 5 million from other investors than EIC Fund  of which new investors constitute minimum 25%  (the ""Matching Capital"") and KYC verification by EIC Fund of all investors constituting the Matching Capital. If the Matching Capital is below the NOK equivalent of EUR 5 million  the EIC commitment will be reduced correspondingly. Following the Private Placement  EIC Fund will be assigned with one board observer seat.Further  CrayoNano's three largest shareholders  Nordic Technology Group AS  SpareBank 1 SMN Invest AS and Skips AS Tudor have shown strong support and have earlier this year granted a bridge loan to the Company  which together with accrued interests constitutes approximately NOK 28.05 million  that will be converted to equity at the Offer Price as part of the Private Placement and will be eligible as Matching Capital (the ""Loan Conversion""). The Company has entered into a guarantee commission agreement with Nordic Technology Group AS pursuant to which Nordic Technology Group AS shall receive a commission of 2% of the size of the Private Placement for providing a customary indemnity undertaking on behalf of the Company in connection with the Private Placement.Members of the Board and management  and Nordic Technology Group AS  have all agreed to a 12-month lock-up  subject to customary exemptions.The Offer Price will be determined through an accelerated bookbuilding process. The bookbuilding period in the Private Placement starts today  11 April 2023  at 09:00 CEST and ends at 16:30 CEST on 14 April 2023. The Company may at its sole discretion extend or shorten the application period at any time and for any reason.The Private Placement will be directed towards selected Norwegian and international investors  in each case subject to and in compliance with applicable exemptions from relevant prospectus  filing and other registration requirements. The minimum application and allocation amount in the Private Placement has been set to the NOK equivalent of EUR 100 000. The Company may  however  at its sole discretion  allocate an amount below EUR 100 000 to the extent applicable exemptions from the prospectus requirement pursuant to the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and ancillary regulations (including Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) are available.The final number of Offer Shares to be issued and conditional allocation of the Offer Shares will be made by the Board at its sole discretion at the end of the application period. Notification of conditional allocations are expected to be distributed by the Managers on or about 17 April 2023. Settlement of the Offer Shares will take place on a delivery versus payment (""DVP"") basis following approval by a general meeting in the Company (expected to be held on or about 24 April 2023) (the ""GM"") and registration in the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises (including customary case handling) and will be facilitated by a prepayment agreement expected to be entered into between CrayoNano and the Managers.The Board will propose to establish an option scheme to be directed at employees who are not founders of the Company for such number of additional options required to achieve a total number of distributed options corresponding to 10% of the fully diluted share capital of the Company after the Private Placement (the ""Offering Option Scheme""). The options issued pursuant to the Offering Option Scheme shall be issued with strike price equal to the Offer Price.Completion of the Private Placement will be subject to (i) the EIC KYC verification being completed to the satisfaction of EIC Fund  (ii) that EIC Fund has been granted access to listen in on a customary bring-down due diligence call between the Managers and the Company to be held prior to the GM and the content of and disclosures made in the bring down due diligence call are satisfactory to EIC Fund  (iii) any and all information that has been made available to EIC Fund that constitute inside information has been made duly available to the public or lapsed prior giving effect to EIC Fund's subscription in the Private Placement  (iv) the Company giving EIC Fund certain customary representations and warranties  (v) the Loan Conversion having taken place  (vi) the Board resolving to consummate the Private Placement and allocate the Offer Shares  (vii) the GM resolving to approve the Private Placement and issue the Offer Shares  (viii) payment being received for all of the Offer Shares  (ix) the Board and the GM to approve the Offering Option Scheme  including the GM authorizing the Board to issue the corresponding shares and (x) registration in the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises of the share capital increase in the Company pertaining to the Private Placement and the allocated Offer Shares being validly issued and registered in the VPS. The Company and the Managers reserve the right  at any time and for any reason  to cancel  and/or modify the terms of  the Private Placement. Neither the Managers nor the Company will be liable for any losses incurred by applicants if the Private Placement is cancelled  irrespective of the reason for such cancellation.The Private Placement implies a deviation from the existing shareholders' pre-emptive right to subscribe for the Offer Shares. The Board has considered the Private Placement in light of the equal treatment obligations set out in the Private Limited Liability Companies Act and deemed that the proposed Private Placement is in compliance with these obligations. The Board emphasises that by structuring the equity raise as a private placement  the Company is expected to raise equity efficiently  with a lower discount to the last registered trading price on NOTC  at a lower cost and with a significantly reduced completion risk compared to a rights issue. The Company may  subject to completion of the Private Placement and certain other conditions  consider a subsequent repair offering of new shares at the same subscription price as the Private Placement and otherwise in line with market practice.The Private Placement is directed towards investors subject to applicable exemptions from relevant prospectus requirements  (i) outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the US Securities Act of 1933 (the ""US Securities Act"") and (ii) in the United States to ""qualified institutional buyers"" (QIBs) as defined in Rule 144A under the US Securities Act. The minimum application and allocation amount has been set to the NOK equivalent of EUR 100 000.An updated company presentation is uploaded on the Company's web site.DNB Markets  a part of DNB Bank ASA; and SpareBank 1 Markets AS are acting as Joint Bookrunners (together  the ""Managers"") in connection with the Private Placement. Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm AS is acting as legal advisor to the Company.For further information  please contact:Jo Uthus  CEOTel: +47 47 38 06 34Email: jo.uthus@crayonano.comJens Kielland  CFOTel: +47 95 81 55 81Email: jens.kielland@crayonano.com***About CrayoNano ASFounded in 2012  CrayoNano develops and manufactures nanomaterials-based semiconductor components using proprietary technologies. Headquartered in Trondheim  Norway  CrayoNano has expanded with a subsidiary in Taiwan and supporting customers globally with sales representatives in EMEA  APAC and Americas. CrayoNano's innovative semiconductor components advance global solutions in health and safety  water purification  consumer  and industrial applications  and more. CrayoNano is registered on Euronext OTC in Norway under the ticker ""CNANO"".***Important notice:This announcement is not and does not form a part of any offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to purchase  any securities of the Company. Copies of this announcement are not being made and may not be distributed or sent into any jurisdiction in which such distribution would be unlawful or would require registration or other measures.The securities referred to in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act"")  and accordingly may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with applicable U.S. state securities laws. The Company does not intend to register any part of the offering in the United States or to conduct a public offering of securities in the United States. Any sale in the United States of the securities mentioned in this announcement will be made solely to ""qualified institutional buyers"" as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act.In any EEA Member State  this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Member State within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation  i.e.  only to investors who can receive the offer without an approved prospectus in such EEA Member State. The expression ""Prospectus Regulation"" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended (together with any applicable implementing measures in any Member State.This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at persons in the United Kingdom that are (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005  as amended (the ""Order"") or (ii) high net worth entities  and other persons to whom this announcement may lawfully be communicated  falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as ""relevant persons""). This communication must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this communication relates is available only for relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Persons distributing this communication must satisfy themselves that it is lawful to do so.Matters discussed in this announcement may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by words such as ""believe""  ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""strategy""  ""intends""  ""estimate""  ""will""  ""may""  ""continue""  ""should"" and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon various assumptions  many of which are based  in turn  upon further assumptions. Although the Company believe that these assumptions were reasonable when made  these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors which are difficult or impossible to predict  and are beyond their control. Such risks  uncertainties  contingencies and other important factors could cause actual events to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in this release by such forward-looking statements. The Company does not make any guarantee that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements in this announcement are free from errors nor does it accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the opinions expressed in this announcement or any obligation to update or revise the statements in this announcement to reflect subsequent events. You should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements in this announcement.The information  opinions and forward-looking statements contained in this announcement speak only as at its date  and are subject to change without notice. The Company does not undertake any obligation to review  update  confirm  or to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that arise in relation to the content of this announcement.Neither the Managers nor any of their affiliates makes any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this announcement and none of them accepts any responsibility for the contents of this announcement or any matters referred to herein.This announcement is for information purposes only and is not to be relied upon in substitution for the exercise of independent judgment. It is not intended as investment advice and under no circumstances is it to be used or considered as an offer to sell  or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a recommendation to buy or sell any securities of the Company. Neither the Managers nor any of their affiliates accepts any liability arising from the use of this announcement.The distribution of this announcement and other information may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this announcement or such other information should come are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.03,0.25,0.72,True,English,"['CrayoNano AS', 'private placement', 'NOK 100', 'million', 'THE HONG KONG SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGION', 'U.S. NEWS WIRE SERVICES', 'Nordic Technology Group AS', 'SpareBank 1 SMN Invest AS', 'Norwegian Securities Trading Act', 'one board observer seat', 'Skips AS Tudor', 'supply chain disruption', 'Euronext Growth Oslo', 'European Innovation Council', 'three largest shareholders', 'customary indemnity undertaking', 'general corporate purposes', 'new ordinary shares', 'customary case handling', 'guarantee commission agreement', 'Offering Option Scheme', 'other registration requirements', 'The Offer Price', 'The Private Placement', 'Norway-CrayoNano AS', 'customary exemptions', 'general meeting', 'prepayment agreement', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'OTHER RESTRICTIONS', 'Norwegian Register', 'Offer Shares', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'gross proceeds', 'net proceeds', 'patent rights', 'manufacturing capacity', 'product quality', 'next 12 months', 'term sheet', 'EIC"") Fund', 'EIC Fund', 'new investors', 'Matching Capital', 'KYC verification', 'EIC commitment', 'strong support', 'bridge loan', 'Loan Conversion', '12-month lock-up', 'bookbuilding process', 'bookbuilding period', 'sole discretion', 'application period', 'applicable exemptions', 'relevant prospectus', 'minimum application', 'prospectus requirement', 'ancillary regulations', 'conditional allocation', 'DVP"") basis', 'Business Enterprises', 'share capital', 'subscription price', 'final number', 'total number', 'NOK equivalent', 'The Company', 'international investors', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'additional options', 'allocation amount', 'Apr', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'CANADA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'PEOPLE', 'REPUBLIC', 'CHINA', 'JAPAN', 'Trondheim', 'range', 'issuance', 'operations', 'flexibility', 'risks', 'directors', 'listing', 'terms', 'conditions', 'interests', 'equity', 'part', 'size', 'behalf', 'connection', 'Members', 'management', 'time', 'reason', 'compliance', 'filing', 'extent', 'end', 'Notification', 'Managers', 'Settlement', 'delivery', 'approval', 'GM', 'employees', 'founders', 'distributed', '09:00', '16:30']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22693,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROYAL-VOPAK-N-V-6452/news/Vopak-provides-an-update-on-its-LNG-project-portfolio-43462296/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Vopak provides an update on its LNG project portfolio,(marketscreener.com) Agreement to acquire 50% of the shares in EemEnergyTerminalGate preparing a final investment decision for the 4th LNG TankVopak decides to no longer make use of the share right of 49.99% of the floating storage and regasification unit in …,Agreement to acquire 50% of the shares in EemEnergyTerminalGate preparing a final investment decision for the 4th LNG TankVopak decides to no longer make use of the share right of 49.99% of the floating storage and regasification unit (FSRU) in Hong KongRotterdam  the Netherlands; 11 April 2023Today Vopak provides an update on its LNG project portfolio. This update is in line with Vopak's strategic priorities to improve its financial and sustainability performance  to grow its base in industrial and gas terminals  and to accelerate towards new energies and sustainable feedstocks.Vopak to become shareholder in EemsEnergyTerminalGasunie and Vopak entered into a principle agreement whereby Vopak will acquire 50% of the shares in EemsEnergyTerminal B.V. This transaction will be subject to a number of conditions  including the approval from the competition authorities. The transaction is targeted to be completed latest by 1 October 2023.The EemsEnergyTerminal is an LNG import terminal located in the Eemshaven in the Netherlands. Gasunie developed this new floating LNG terminal in the Eemshaven area in response to gas supply insecurities and a desire to reduce the dependency on Russian gas. The LNG terminal has been operational since 15 September 2022 and has a regas capacity of 8 billion cubic meters per year. The partners will explore to increase the capacity further. This agreement highlights the commitment of Gasunie and Vopak to jointly develop and operate open access LNG infrastructure in the Netherlands and contribute to the energy security of Europe. The partners are planning the further development of the Eemshaven site to facilitate the import of green hydrogen.Ulco Vermeulen  director business development at Gasunie: “I am pleased with the intention of Vopak to become a co-shareholder in EemsEnergyTerminal  as our long-term partner in enabling energy import and terminalling. By pooling our knowledge and experience we will offer a unique and reliable LNG import solution and we will be even better positioned and committed to the future development of green hydrogen import infrastructure.”Walter Moone  president New Energies & LNG at Vopak: “We are excited to build upon our successful partnership with Gasunie. This fits very well with Vopak’s strategy to grow in LNG infrastructure and accelerate towards new energies. We are proud to develop and operate reliable and open access infrastructure as this plays an important role both in the security of energy  as well as in the energy transition.”Gate terminal RotterdamVopak and Gasunie are the founders and owners of Gate terminal in Rotterdam which has been operational since 2011. The terminal has a current regas capacity of 16 billion cubic meters per year. The Open Season gauging market interest for an additional 4 billion cubic meters per year of regas capacity has recently been closed  a fourth tank would be constructed for this additional capacity. Gate will continue to develop this project  including financing with the aim to reach a final investment decision by September 2023. Once all envisaged projects at Gate terminal have been completed  the terminal will have a regas capacity of 20 billion cubic meters per year.Hong Kong LNG Terminal ProjectVopak has decided to no longer pursue the acquisition of 49.99% of the vessel owning company of MOL that owns a floating storage and regasification unit (FSRU). Vopak has been working with MOL for developing and commissioning the Hong Kong FSRU LNG terminal  and Vopak has contributed much to the establishment of a reliable system for the operation and maintenance of the terminal. Although the commercial start is expected later this year  the delay of the project has resulted in reduced attractiveness and made Vopak decide not to make use of the share right. Vopak will remain involved in the commissioning of the terminal and will continue to provide support to the operation of the terminal as required.Financial frameworkAs previously announced during Vopak's updates.- Vopak aims to improve the performance of the portfolio and targets an operating cash return of above 12% by 2025.- Vopak will grow its base in industrial and gas terminals by allocating EUR 1 billion to these activities by 2030.- Vopak will accelerate its portfolio investments towards new energies and sustainable feedstocks by allocating EUR 1 billion in growth capital to these activities by 2030.To reach these targets Vopak is having a disciplined approach to capital allocation. Vopak’s equity investments in EemsEnergyTerminal and Gate terminal are expected to be around EUR 100 million and will result in attractive operating cash return. There is no material financial impact for Vopak as a result of no longer pursuing the acquisition of 49.99% of the vessel owning company of MOL.Vopak will host an analysts’ presentation with Vopak’s CFO  Michiel Gilsing via an on-demand audio webcast on Vopak’s corporate website  starting at 8:00 AM CEST on 11 April 2023.About Royal VopakRoyal Vopak is the world’s leading independent tank storage company. We store vital products with care. Products for everyday life. The energy that allows people to cook  heat or cool their homes and for transportation. The chemicals that enable companies to manufacture millions of useful products. The edible oils to prepare food. We take pride in improving access to cleaner energy and feedstocks for a growing world population  ensuring safe  clean and efficient storage and handling of bulk liquid products and gases at strategic locations around the world. We are excited to help shape a sustainable future by developing infrastructure solutions for new vital products  focusing on zero- and low-carbon hydrogen  ammonia  CO2  long duration energy storage and sustainable feedstocks. We have a track record of over 400 years in navigating change and are continuously investing in innovation. On sustainability  we are ambitious and performance driven  with a balanced roadmap that reflects key topics that matter most to our stakeholders and where we can have a positive impact for people  planet and profit and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. Vopak is listed on the Euronext Amsterdam and is headquartered in Rotterdam  the Netherlands. For more information  please visit www.vopak.comFor more information please contactPress: Liesbeth Lans - Manager External Communication - global.communication@vopak.comAnalysts and Investors: Fatjona Topciu - Head of Investor Relations - investor.relations@vopak.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.19,0.27,True,English,"['LNG project portfolio', 'Vopak', 'update', 'Hong Kong LNG Terminal Project', 'Hong Kong FSRU LNG terminal', 'attractive operating cash return', 'open access LNG infrastructure', 'additional 4 billion cubic meters', 'reliable LNG import solution', 'green hydrogen import infrastructure', 'new floating LNG terminal', 'open access infrastructure', '8 billion cubic meters', '16 billion cubic meters', '20 billion cubic meters', 'final investment decision', 'The Open Season', '4th LNG Tank', 'LNG import terminal', 'The LNG terminal', 'gas supply insecurities', 'director business development', 'material financial impact', 'LNG project portfolio', 'president New Energies', 'EemsEnergyTerminal B.V.', 'current regas capacity', 'vessel owning company', 'Gate terminal Rotterdam', 'additional capacity', 'floating storage', 'energy import', 'fourth tank', 'reliable system', 'The EemsEnergyTerminal', 'gas terminals', 'Russian gas', 'EemEnergyTerminal Gate', 'regasification unit', 'strategic priorities', 'sustainable feedstocks', 'competition authorities', 'Ulco Vermeulen', 'long-term partner', 'future development', 'Walter Moone', 'successful partnership', 'important role', 'market interest', 'commercial start', 'reduced attractiveness', 'Financial framework', 'portfolio investments', 'growth capital', 'disciplined approach', 'capital allocation', 'equity investments', 'analysts’ presentation', 'Michiel Gilsing', 'audio webcast', 'corporate website', 'leading indepen', 'energy transition', 'Eemshaven area', 'Eemshaven site', 'share right', 'sustainability performance', 'principle agreement', 'energy security', 'Royal Vopak', 'shares', 'use', 'Netherlands', 'April', 'update', 'base', 'industrial', 'shareholder', 'Gasunie', 'transaction', 'number', 'conditions', 'approval', '1 October', 'response', 'desire', 'dependency', '15 September', 'year', 'commitment', 'Europe', 'intention', 'terminalling', 'knowledge', 'experience', 'unique', 'strategy', 'founders', 'owners', 'financing', 'aim', 'projects', 'acquisition', 'MOL', 'establishment', 'operation', 'maintenance', 'delay', 'commissioning', 'support', 'activities', 'targets', 'result', 'CFO', 'demand', 'world', '8:00']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22694,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wavestone-receives-great-place-to-work-certification-along-with-management-consulted-and-vault-designations-301794573.html,Wavestone Receives Great Place to Work Certification™  along with Management Consulted and Vault Designations,Survey data shows 85% of employees describe Wavestone as a Great Place to Work NEW YORK  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Wavestone received its first-ever Great Place to Work ® certification in the United States for 2022  marking a milestone as a brand in a hi…,"Survey data shows 85% of employees describe Wavestone as a Great Place to WorkNEW YORK  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Wavestone received its first-ever Great Place to Work ® certification in the United States for 2022  marking a milestone as a brand in a highly competitive talent market. Great Place to Work is globally recognized as an authority on workplace culture  employee experience  and effective leadership  and provides independent company assessments based entirely on employees' feedback. The results highlighted several areas of strength at Wavestone  including honest and ethical management  a welcoming environment for new employees  and a sense of pride in the work we deliver.Wavestone was also recognized as a Top Boutique Consulting Firm for the second year running by Management Consulted  a leading resource that ranks organizations and advises on finding opportunities in the industry. Additionally  in the Vault Consulting survey  Wavestone ranked in the Top 25 globally for firms with International Opportunities in its first year of participation.Wavestone received its first-ever Great Place to Work ® certification in the United States for 2022. Tweet this""As we grow as a firm in the US  it's crucial for us to continue focusing on the entire talent lifecycle for all of our colleagues "" said Bettina Tam  HR Manager. ""We want all our employees to find meaning  through growth and opportunities  in their experience working with us – and this recognition shows that our efforts are paying off.""""It is a true honor to be named a Great Place to Work ® certified company!"" said Reza Maghsoudnia  Strategic Development Director and US Lead for Wavestone. ""We are purpose-driven as a culture and have made great strides in developing our people. The culture they create is a real strength for us  and now we're seeing the results reflected with these distinctions.""This certification means that we've been able to architect a strong culture – across different geographies and organizations that we've brought into the Wavestone fold."" he continued. ""We will continue to actively build on this progress and recruit the best talent to serve our clients.""Learn more at www.wavestone.us..About WavestoneIn a world where knowing how to drive transformation is key to success  Wavestone's mission is to inform and guide large organizations in their most critical transformations  with the aim of a positive outcome for all stakeholders. This is anchored in the firm's DNA and embodied in our overarching values  known as ""The Positive Way.""Wavestone draws on nearly 4 000 employees across Europe  the United States  and Asia  and is a leading independent consultancy.Wavestone is listed on Euronext Paris and recognized as a Great Place to Work® and ranked in Forbes's World Best Management Consulting Firms 2022 List.More information on www.wavestone.us.SOURCE Wavestone",neutral,0.5,0.5,0.0,positive,0.85,0.12,0.02,True,English,"['Great Place', 'Management Consulted', 'Vault Designations', 'Wavestone', 'Certification™', 'Best Management Consulting Firms 2022 List', 'Top Boutique Consulting Firm', 'Vault Consulting survey', 'Strategic Development Director', 'competitive talent market', 'entire talent lifecycle', 'The Positive Way', 'leading independent consultancy', 'independent company assessments', 'best talent', 'ethical management', 'Management Consulted', 'Survey data', 'leading resource', 'positive outcome', 'Great Place', 'NEW YORK', 'United States', 'effective leadership', 'several areas', 'welcoming environment', 'second year', 'Bettina Tam', 'HR Manager', 'true honor', 'Reza Maghsoudnia', 'great strides', 'different geographies', 'critical transformations', 'overarching values', 'Euronext Paris', 'More information', 'workplace culture', 'employee experience', 'US Lead', 'real strength', 'strong culture', ""employees' feedback"", 'new employees', 'International Opportunities', 'first year', 'large organizations', 'Wavestone fold', 'SOURCE Wavestone', '4,000 employees', 'PRNewswire', '® certification', 'milestone', 'brand', 'authority', 'results', 'honest', 'sense', 'pride', 'industry', 'participation', 'colleagues', 'meaning', 'growth', 'recognition', 'efforts', 'people', 'distinctions', 'progress', 'clients', 'world', 'success', 'mission', 'aim', 'stakeholders', 'DNA', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'Forbes']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,prnewswire.com
22695,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tetragon-financial-group-limited-announcement-of-final-results-of-tender-offer-to-purchase-tetragon-non-voting-shares-301794696.html,Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement of Final Results of Tender Offer to Purchase Tetragon Non-Voting Shares,"LONDON  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon announces the final results of the ""modified Dutch auction"" tender offer to purchase a portion of the outstanding non-voting shares of Tetragon for a maximum aggregate payment of $25 000 000 in cash. The tender …","LONDON  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Tetragon announces the final results of the ""modified Dutch auction"" tender offer to purchase a portion of the outstanding non-voting shares of Tetragon for a maximum aggregate payment of $25 000 000 in cash. The tender offer expired at 11:59 p.m. (ET) on 6 April 2023.J.P. Morgan Securities plc (which conducts its UK investment banking business as J.P. Morgan Cazenove) acted as dealer manager for the tender offer and Computershare Investor Services PLC acted as tender agent for the tender offer. As dealer manager  J.P. Morgan determined the final purchase price at which Tetragon will purchase shares in the tender offer. As tender agent  Computershare determined the final proration factor.In accordance with the terms of the tender offer  Tetragon has accepted for purchase 2 325 574 non-voting shares at a purchase price of $10.75 per share. The aggregate cost of this purchase is $24 999 920.50  excluding fees and expenses relating to the tender offer. A total of 2 433 116 Tetragon non-voting shares were properly tendered and not properly withdrawn at or below the purchase price of $10.75 per share. Because more than $25 000 000 in value of Tetragon non-voting shares was properly tendered and not properly withdrawn  the tender offer was subject to proration pursuant to the terms of the tender offer  with appropriate adjustments to avoid purchases of fractional shares. The final proration factor  which is applicable only to shares properly tendered and not properly withdrawn at the purchase price of $10.75 per share  is 87.02%  rounded to the second decimal place.1Tetragon will promptly make payment for the shares validly tendered and accepted for purchase  which is expected to occur on or about 14 April 2023. All shares tendered and not purchased in the tender offer will be promptly returned to the tendering shareholders.About Tetragon:Tetragon is a Guernsey closed-ended investment company. Its non-voting shares are listed on Euronext in Amsterdam  a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V.  and also traded on the Specialist Fund Segment of the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange. Our investment manager is Tetragon Financial Management LP. Find out more at www.tetragoninv.com.Tetragon: Yuko Thomas Investor Relations [email protected] Press Inquiries: Prosek Partners [email protected] +44 20 3890 9193 +1 212 279 3115This release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation (2014/596/EU)  or EU MAR  and of the UK version of EU MAR as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act (as amended).This release does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. The securities of Tetragon have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they are registered under applicable law or exempt from registration. Tetragon does not intend to register any portion of its securities in the United States or to conduct a public offer of securities in the United States. In addition  Tetragon has not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended  and investors will not be entitled to the benefits of such Act. Tetragon is registered in the public register of the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (Autoriteit Financiële Markten) under Section 1:107 of the Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act as an alternative investment fund from a designated state.J.P. Morgan Securities plc  which is authorised by the UK Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority in the United Kingdom  is acting exclusively for Tetragon and for no one else in connection with the tender offer and will not be responsible to anyone (whether or not recipient of the tender offer) other than Tetragon for providing the protections afforded to the clients of J.P. Morgan Securities plc or for providing advice in relation to the tender offer.1 The full final proration factor applied is 87.02095765019410%.SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['Tetragon Financial Group Limited Announcement', 'Tetragon Non-Voting Shares', 'Final Results', 'Tender Offer', 'J.P. Morgan Securities plc', 'Dutch Financial Markets Supervision Act', 'SOURCE Tetragon Financial Group Limited', 'U.S. Investment Company Act', 'modified Dutch auction"" tender offer', 'J.P. Morgan Cazenove', 'Guernsey closed-ended investment company', 'Yuko Thomas Investor Relations', 'Autoriteit Financiële Markten', 'Computershare Investor Services PLC', 'UK investment banking business', 'UK Financial Conduct Authority', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'UK Prudential Regulation Authority', 'Tetragon Financial Management LP', 'full final proration factor', 'Euronext Amsterdam N.V.', 'EU Market Abuse Regulation', 'U.S. persons', 'alternative investment fund', 'second decimal place', 'Specialist Fund Segment', 'London Stock Exchange', 'outstanding non-voting shares', 'maximum aggregate payment', 'final purchase price', '2,433,116 Tetragon non-voting shares', 'investment manager', 'Netherlands Authority', 'UK version', 'UK law', 'final results', 'regulated market', 'Main Market', '2,325,574 non-voting shares', 'aggregate cost', 'tender agent', 'public offer', 'dealer manager', 'appropriate adjustments', 'tendering shareholders', 'Press Inquiries', 'Prosek Partners', 'European Union', 'United States', 'other jurisdiction', 'applicable law', 'public register', 'United Kingdom', 'fractional shares', 'April', 'portion', 'cash', 'accordance', 'terms', 'fees', 'expenses', 'total', 'value', 'purchases', 'release', 'inside', 'information', 'meaning', 'Article', 'virtue', 'solicitation', 'registration', 'addition', 'investors', 'benefits', 'Section', 'connection', 'recipient', 'protections', 'clients', 'advice', '11:59']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,prnewswire.com
22696,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/ROYAL-KPN-N-V-6287/news/Royal-KPN-N-Invitation-KPN-AGM-2023-43461825/?utm_medium=RSS&utm_content=20230411,Royal KPN N : Invitation KPN AGM 2023,(marketscreener.com)   Invitation to attend the KPN Annual General   Meeting of Shareholders 2023   Royal KPN N.V. invites its shareholders to its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders held at the head office of KPN  Wilhelminakade 123 in Rotterdam  …,"Invitation to attend the KPN Annual General Meeting of Shareholders 2023 Royal KPN N.V. (""KPN"") invites its shareholders to its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders ('AGM') held at the head office of KPN  Wilhelminakade 123 in Rotterdam  the Netherlands  on Wednesday 12 April 2023. The registration will be open as of 13:00 (CEST)  the meeting will commence at 14:00 (CEST). Shareholders may also attend the meeting virtually and if desired vote real-time via www.abnamro.com/evoting. The livestream of the meeting can also be followed via ir.kpn.com. Agenda Opening and announcements. Report by the Board of Management for the fiscal year 2022. Proposal to adopt the financial statements for the fiscal year 2022 ( Resolution ). Proposal to approve the remuneration report for the fiscal year 2022 ( Advisory vote ). Explanation of the financial and dividend policy. Proposal to determine the dividend over the fiscal year 2022 ( Resolution ). Proposal to discharge the members of the Board of Management from liability ( Resolution ). Proposal to discharge the members of the Supervisory Board from liability ( Resolution ). Proposal to appoint the external auditor for the fiscal year 2024 ( Resolution ). Opportunity to make recommendations for the appointment of members of the Supervisory Board. Proposal to reappoint Ms. Sap as member of the Supervisory Board ( Resolution ). Proposal to appoint Mr. Noteboom as member of the Supervisory Board ( Resolution ). Proposal to appoint Mr. Heemskerk as member of the Supervisory Board ( Resolution ). Proposal to appoint Mr. Dijkhuizen as member of the Supervisory Board ( Resolution ). Proposal to authorize the Board of Management to resolve that the company may acquire its own shares ( Resolution ). Proposal to reduce the capital by cancelling own shares ( Resolution ). Proposal to designate the Board of Management as the competent body to issue ordinary shares ( Resolution ). Proposal to designate the Board of Management as the competent body to restrict or exclude pre- emptive rights upon issuing ordinary shares ( Resolution ). Any other business. Voting results and closure of the meeting. The Chairman may decide at the beginning of the meeting that the polls for all items will be open during the meeting and closed after agenda item 18. The voting results will be announced shortly before the close of the meeting. 1Webcast The meeting will be broadcasted live and in replay at ir.kpn.com. Meeting Documents The (i) agenda with the explanatory notes thereto (including the information regarding the nominated members for the Supervisory Board as referred to in Section 2:142 (3) of the Dutch Civil Code)  (ii) the Integrated Annual Report 2022 (including the financial statements  the remuneration report and information as referred to in Section 2:392 (1) of the Dutch Civil Code)  and (iii) the position of the Central Works Council in relation to the Supervisory Board nominations  are available at ir.kpn.comand can also be obtained digitally by contacting ABN AMRO Bank N.V. (""ABN AMRO"") by e-mail at ava@nl.abnamro.comor by phone at (+ 31) 20 628 6070. The meeting documents are also available for inspection at the head office of KPN  Wilhelminakade 123  3072 AP Rotterdam  the Netherlands. Record Date The Board of Management has determined that for this meeting the persons who will be considered as entitled to attend the general meeting  are those holders of shares who on Wednesday 15 March 2023  after close of trading on Euronext Amsterdam (the ""Record Date"")  hold those rights and are registered as such in one of the following (sub)registers: For holders of deposit shares: the administrations of the banks and brokers which are intermediaries according to the Dutch Securities Giro Transactions Act ('Wet giraal effectenverkeer') (the ""Intermediaries"");For holders of registered shares: the shareholders' register of the company. Registration Shareholders are entitled to vote up to the total number of shares that they held at the close of trading at the Record Date  provided they have registered their shares timely. Upon registration via ABN AMRO (via www.abnamro.com/evoting) shareholders will be requested to choose whether they attend the meeting in-person or virtually. Alternatively  shareholders may also grant a proxy to vote as referred to below. A holder of deposit shares who wishes to attend the meeting in-person or virtually must register with ABN AMRO (via www.abnamro.com/evoting) as of the Record Date and no later than Wednesday 5 April 2023  17:30 (CEST). A confirmation by the Intermediary in which administration the holder is registered for the deposit shares must be submitted to ABN AMRO  stating that such shares were registered in his/her name at the Record Date. With this confirmation  Intermediaries are furthermore requested to include the full address details of the relevant holder in order to be able to verify the shareholding on the Record Date in an efficient manner. If a holder wishes to attend the meeting virtually  his/her valid email address  securities account and mobile phone number are required for authentication purposes in order to provide virtual access. The receipt (of registration) to be supplied by ABN AMRO will serve as an admission ticket to the meeting for those attending the meeting in-person  or will contain log-in details for those attending the meeting virtually. A holder of registered shares can attend the meeting in-person and may cast his/her votes in the manner as set out in the letter of notification. A holder of ADRs can follow the meeting via the webcast at ir.kpn.com or attend the meeting in-person at the head office of KPN. A holder of ADRs who wishes to attend the meeting in the Netherlands should contact the American Stock Transfer & Trust Company  LLC at phone number (+1) 800-821-8780 or via email at db@astfinancial.comno later than Thursday 30 March 2023  13:00 (US EST). 2Voting by proxy Notwithstanding the obligation to register for the meeting  the right to attend in-person and to vote at the meeting may be exercised by a holder of a written proxy (for which purpose forms can be obtained free of charge as set out in the paragraph above entitled 'Meeting Documents'). The written proxy must be received by the Board of Management no later than Wednesday 5 April 2023  17:30 (CEST). Shareholders who wish to exercise their voting rights by an electronic proxy  which entails a voting instruction to a civil law notary of Allen & Overy LLP (or his or her deputy)  can do this via www.abnamro.com/evotingno later than Wednesday 5 April 2023  17:30 (CEST). The Intermediary must provide ABN AMRO with a statement including the number of shares registered by the Intermediary in the name of the ultimate beneficial holder at the Record Date. Shareholders who have chosen upon registration to attend the meeting virtually will not be able to issue a proxy to vote after Wednesday 5 April 2023 (17:30 CEST). If you intend to instruct your Intermediaries for any of the above  please be aware that their deadlines could be a number of days before those mentioned above. Please check with the individual Intermediaries as to their cut-off dates. Furthermore  please be aware that some Intermediaries do not accommodate the granting of electronic proxies. Virtual Voting KPN wishes to assist its shareholders to attend its AMG virtually by providing an adequate opportunity to follow the proceedings of the meeting and to vote electronically and real time during the meeting. Shareholders can attend and vote at the meeting on all shareholders' resolutions via the internet  therefore online and remote with their own smartphone  tablet or personal computer  unless the shareholder's Intermediary does not accommodate online voting. Upon registration to vote virtually  a shareholder will receive an email with a link via www.abnamro.com/evotingto login to the KPN online voting platform. After successful login and confirmation of the login via two factor authentication (by SMS verification)  the shareholder is automatically logged into the meeting. Further instructions will be provided via www.abnamro.com/evotingand/or the online voting platform. You will be able to log in for virtual admission to the meeting on Wednesday 12 April 2023 via www.abnamro.com/evotingfrom 13:00 (CEST) until the commencement of the meeting at 14:00 (CEST). You must log in and complete the admission procedure for the meeting before 14:00 (CEST). Shareholders who log in afterwards will only have access to the live stream to follow the meeting  but will not be able to vote. Minimum requirements for the devices and systems that can be used for virtual participation as well as an overview of Q&A's regarding online voting and KPN's Policy regarding virtual participation in the General Meeting of Shareholders can be found at ir.kpn.com. Virtual participation entails risks  as described in KPN's Policy regarding virtual participation in the General Meeting of Shareholders. If you wish to avoid such risks you should choose to cast your vote by proxy. Registration and identification at the meeting Registration for admission in-person to the meeting will take place from 13:00 (CEST) until the commencement of the meeting at 14:00 (CEST). After this time registration is no longer possible. Persons entitled to attend the meeting in-person may be asked for identification prior to being admitted by means of a valid identity document  such as a passport or driver's license. 3",neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,mixed,0.13,0.27,0.6,True,English,"['Royal KPN N', 'Invitation KPN AGM', 'Dutch Securities Giro Transactions Act', 'ABN AMRO Bank N.V.', 'Royal KPN N.V.', 'KPN Annual General Meeting', 'Dutch Civil Code', 'Central Works Council', 'following (sub)registers', 'Wet giraal effectenverkeer', 'full address details', 'valid email address', 'Integrated Annual Report', 'pre- emptive rights', 'Supervisory Board nominations', 'securities account', 'head office', 'fiscal year', 'remuneration report', 'Advisory vote', 'external auditor', 'Ms. Sap', 'Mr. Noteboom', 'Mr. Heemskerk', 'Mr. Dijkhuizen', 'competent body', 'other business', 'Voting results', 'explanatory notes', 'Record Date', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'total number', 'efficient manner', 'kpn.comand', 'Wednesday 12 April', 'Agenda Opening', 'financial statements', 'agenda item', 'Wednesday 5 April', 'ordinary shares', '3072 AP Rotterdam', 'deposit shares', 'registered shares', 'mobile phone', 'Meeting Documents', ""shareholders' register"", 'relevant holder', 'Registration Shareholders', 'Invitation', 'AGM', 'Wilhelminakade', 'Netherlands', 'abnamro', 'livestream', 'announcements', 'Management', 'Proposal', 'Resolution', 'Explanation', 'policy', 'members', 'liability', 'Opportunity', 'recommendations', 'appointment', 'company', 'capital', 'Chairman', 'beginning', 'polls', 'items', 'close', 'Webcast', 'replay', 'information', 'Section', 'position', 'relation', 'ava', 'inspection', 'persons', 'March', 'trading', 'administrations', 'banks', 'brokers', 'intermediaries', 'proxy', 'CEST', 'confirmation', 'Intermediary', 'name', 'order', 'shareholding']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,marketscreener.com
22697,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/acm-biolabs-further-strengthens-leadership-appoints-david-lawrence-to-board-of-directors-301792932.html,ACM Biolabs Further Strengthens Leadership  Appoints David Lawrence to Board of Directors,SINGAPORE  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- ACM Biolabs (FR0012596468 – ALSEN) a pioneering Singaporean-Swiss biotechnology company  which specializes in the development of targeted therapeutics for the prevention of multiple life-threatening diseases based on …,"SINGAPORE  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- ACM Biolabs (FR0012596468 – ALSEN) a pioneering Singaporean-Swiss biotechnology company  which specializes in the development of targeted therapeutics for the prevention of multiple life-threatening diseases based on its proprietary ACM (Artificial Cell Membranes) tunable polymer-based delivery ATP™ technology  announces the appointment of David Lawrence as Non-Executive Director.Mr Lawrence is currently Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Sensorion  a gene therapy company listed on Euronext Growth in Paris and is a Director at EnteroBiotix Ltd. He was previously CFO of Valneva  a specialty vaccine company  where he served as a member of the Management Board; his responsibilities included Investor Relations and Communications in addition to overseeing the financial management of the company. During his tenure at Valneva he was instrumental in several financings including a NASDAQ Initial Public Offering (IPO) and by the point of his retirement from Valneva the market capitalisation of the company had grown to over €2bn. He also previously served as CFO of Acambis and as VP of Finance  Business Development and Strategy at Chiron Vaccines. In 2011 he supported the establishment and development of Synpromics Ltd  a synthetic promoter company that was acquired by AskBio in 2019  which was in turn acquired by Bayer in 2020.Mr Lawrence has over 30 years' experience of leadership roles in life sciences  ranging from large biopharma companies such as GSK to start-ups and earlier stage companies  including Synpromics Ltd. He brings with him extensive industry experience including strategy  business development and M&A  and currently sits on the Boards of Enterobiotix Limited. He has also advised several life sciences Venture Capital firms between 2006 and 2017.Madhavan Nallani  Chief Executive Officer of ACM Biolabs  commented: ""We are delighted to welcome David to the team at this critical point in the development of our ATP™ technology. David brings a wealth of experience in strategic partnering as well as years of operational leadership in biopharma companies. I look forward to working closely with him as we progress with our partnering and accelerate the growth of ACM Biolabs.""David Lawrence said: ""I am thrilled to be joining ACM at this exciting time in their development  to expand the possibilities of their novel polymer-based platform. There is huge potential in the variety of clinical areas this could be applied to. I look forward to working with Madhavan  the Board and the team to help unlock the potential of ACM and their unique technology.""About ACM BiolabsACM Biolabs is a pioneering Singaporean-Swiss biotechnology company with a versatile clinical platform for disease prevention and therapeutics based on its proprietary ACM (Artificial Cell Membranes) polymer-based delivery technology. ACM Biolabs' Tunable Platform (ATP™)  offers flexibility to deliver multiple payloads (proteins to RNA) and can successfully target specific organs. Current R&D efforts focus on the development of vaccines for infectious diseases and personalised cancer therapeutics.ACM Biolabs' lead program  ACM-001 an adjuvanted SARS-CoV-2 spike protein (beta variant) intranasal vaccine  has demonstrated pre-clinical efficacy and safety  with the potential to disrupt viral transmission and mutation. Its phase 1 clinical trial has progressed with no adverse safety signals in cohorts 1-6 and full immunogenicity data expected in the coming weeks. The ACM-001 program also validates the clinical efficacy of the ACM polymer-based platform  enabling a wider range of clinical applications.ACM Biolabs leads all clinical and regulatory activities of its pipeline programs. It also coordinates business development discussions with potential partners  to leverage ATP™ for the formulation and targeted delivery of novel pipeline candidates.SOURCE ACM Biolabs",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.77,0.03,0.2,True,English,"['ACM Biolabs', 'David Lawrence', 'Leadership', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Artificial Cell Membranes) tunable polymer-based delivery ATP™ technology', 'several life sciences Venture Capital firms', 'NASDAQ Initial Public Offering', 'Current R&D efforts', 'beta variant) intranasal vaccine', 'pioneering Singaporean-Swiss biotechnology company', ""ACM Biolabs' Tunable Platform"", ""ACM Biolabs' lead program"", 'novel polymer-based platform', 'ACM polymer-based platform', 'The ACM-001 program', 'specialty vaccine company', 'SARS-CoV-2 spike protein', 'full immunogenicity data', 'gene therapy company', 'synthetic promoter company', 'earlier stage companies', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'novel pipeline candidates', 'versatile clinical platform', 'large biopharma companies', 'phase 1 clinical trial', 'multiple life-threatening diseases', 'extensive industry experience', 'adverse safety signals', 'SOURCE ACM Biolabs', 'targeted delivery', 'business development discussions', 'several financings', 'unique technology', 'financial management', 'multiple payloads', 'infectious diseases', 'pipeline programs', 'proprietary ACM', 'clinical areas', 'clinical efficacy', 'clinical applications', 'Executive Director', 'Mr Lawrence', 'EnteroBiotix Ltd.', 'Investor Relations', 'market capitalisation', 'Synpromics Ltd', 'leadership roles', 'M&A', 'Enterobiotix Limited', 'operational leadership', 'exciting time', 'specific organs', 'viral transmission', 'coming weeks', 'wider range', 'regulatory activities', 'David Lawrence', 'Euronext Growth', 'Management Board', 'Chiron Vaccines', ""30 years' experience"", 'Madhavan Nallani', 'critical point', 'strategic partnering', 'huge potential', 'disease prevention', 'potential partners', 'cancer therapeutics', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'ALSEN', 'appointment', 'CFO', 'Sensorion', 'Paris', 'Valneva', 'member', 'Communications', 'addition', 'tenure', 'IPO', 'retirement', 'Acambis', 'VP', 'Finance', 'Strategy', 'establishment', 'AskBio', 'turn', 'Bayer', 'GSK', 'start-ups', 'Boards', 'team', 'wealth', 'possibilities', 'variety', 'flexibility', 'proteins', 'mutation', 'cohorts', '1-6', 'formulation']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,prnewswire.com
22698,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/freedom-of-mobility-forum-publishes-key-takeaways-from-inaugural-live-debate-301794691.html,Freedom of Mobility Forum Publishes Key Takeaways From Inaugural Live Debate,AMSTERDAM  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ -- Mobility  decarbonization  global objectives emerge as headline topics International panel expressed opinions on the environmental  social and financial impacts of providing accessible  safe and sustainable freedom of…,"AMSTERDAM  April 11  2023 /PRNewswire/ --Mobility  decarbonization  global objectives emerge as headline topicsInternational panel expressed opinions on the environmental  social and financial impacts of providing accessible  safe and sustainable freedom of mobilityThe Freedom of Mobility Forum  initiated by Stellantis and facilitated by Wavestone as a neutral third party  has published key takeaways from the inaugural live digital debate on the topic  ""In a decarbonized world  will freedom of mobility be affordable to only a happy few?""A summary and replay of the key takeaways are available on the Freedom of Mobility Forum website. Stakeholders can use the takeaways to leverage dialogue in their respective domains. Going forward  the platform will serve as a source of information and curated content related to the Topic of the Year in between annual editions of the Forum.The lively two-hour debate on March 29 featured a range of insights on mobility  decarbonization and objectives from the international group of six panelists  providing diverse perspectives from various regions around the world.Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares  a co-chair of the Freedom of Mobility Forum Advisory Board and debate panelist representing the business community  said the diversity of opinions on mobility and collaborative spirit from the debate panelists is a reason to be optimistic for the future.Tavares shared thoughts on his experience in the debate in a video post.Freedom of Mobility ForumThe Freedom of Mobility Forum  initiated by Stellantis and facilitated by Wavestone as a neutral third-party  is an international gathering of passionate problem-solvers committed to fact-based discussions that challenge the status quo  expand perspectives and identify how best to enable safe  affordable and sustainable freedom of mobility for a society facing the implications of global warming. For more information visit: freedomofmobilityforum.org.StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world's leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today's customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep  Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2Move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.SOURCE Stellantis",neutral,0.06,0.94,0.0,positive,0.67,0.32,0.01,True,English,"['Inaugural Live Debate', 'Mobility Forum', 'Key Takeaways', 'Freedom', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'headline topics International panel', 'inaugural live digital debate', 'Stellantis CEO Carlos Tavares', 'Mobility Forum Advisory Board', 'neutral third party', 'lively two-hour debate', 'Stellantis N.V.', 'Mobility Forum website', 'international group', 'international gathering', 'sustainable freedom', 'neutral third-party', 'Citroën', 'debate panelist', 'environmental, social', 'financial impacts', 'accessible, safe', 'respective domains', 'annual editions', 'six panelists', 'various regions', 'business community', 'collaborative spirit', 'video post', 'passionate problem-solvers', 'fact-based discussions', 'status quo', 'safe, affordable', 'global warming', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'mobility provider', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'key takeaways', 'global objectives', 'The Freedom', 'diverse perspectives', 'SOURCE Stellantis', 'decarbonized world', 'AMSTERDAM', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'decarbonization', 'opinions', 'Wavestone', 'summary', 'replay', 'Stakeholders', 'dialogue', 'platform', 'information', 'content', 'Year', 'March', 'range', 'insights', 'chair', 'diversity', 'reason', 'future', 'thoughts', 'experience', 'society', 'implications', 'NYSE', 'MTA', 'STLA', 'storied', 'customers', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2Move', 'Leasys', 'value', 'communities']",2023-04-11,2023-04-12,prnewswire.com
22699,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.forexfactory.com/news/1215327-euronext-fx-spot-declines-13-to-14-trillion,Euronext FX Spot Declines 13% to $1.4 Trillion in Q1 23,The volume of spot forex traded on Euronext FX reached approximately $1.4 trillion during the first quarter of 2023. This is a 13% decline from the $1.6 trillion posted during the same period in 2022.,The volume of spot forex traded on Euronext FX reached approximately $1.4 trillion during the first quarter of 2023. This is a 13% decline from the $1.6 trillion posted during the same period in 2022.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext FX Spot', '4 Trillion', 'Q1', 'spot forex', 'Euronext FX', 'first quarter', 'same period', 'volume', '13% decline', '1.6 trillion']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,forexfactory.com
22700,EuroNext,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1105988140/Hybrid-Software-Group-PLC-Hybrid-Software-Group-PLC-Reports-Strong-2022-Results-With-467-Million-Revenue-And-109-Million-EBITDA,Hybrid Software Group PLC: Hybrid Software Group PLC Reports Strong 2022 Results With €46.7 Million Revenue And €10.9 Million EBITDA,Hybrid Software Group PLC (Euronext: HYSG) announces that it has published its annual report and financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. The full document is available to download from the financial reports section of the Company's web site at: .,(MENAFN- GlobeNewsWire - Nasdaq) PRESS RELEASE – REGULATED INFORMATION HYBRID SOFTWARE GROUP PLC REPORTS STRONG 2022 RESULTS WITH €4 6.7 MILLION REVENUE AND € 10.9 MILLION EBITDA Cambridge ( UK )  12 April 20 2 3 ( 0 7 :00 CE S T) : Hybrid Software Group PLC (Euronext: HYSG) announces that it has published its annual report and financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. The full document is available to download from the financial reports section of the Company's web site at: . CEO Mike Rottenborn comments “We entered 2022 with bullish growth projections until the economic downturn began to affect our OEM and our end-user business. In addition  during the first half of the year our revenues were impacted by the global shortage of semiconductor chips. Meteor Inkjet's revenue fell short of projections by more than £4 million during this period. Their team quickly redesigned a critical circuit board using a chip that was more widely available  but the lost first-half revenue was not fully recovered in 2022. I'm pleased to say that 2023 has started very strongly for Meteor  with revenues recovering to healthy levels and demand from China increasing rapidly. “Despite all the challenges  we completed two strategic acquisitions  sold an old and unused intangible asset for net €3.3 million  achieved four new patents  and drew the constituent parts of the business closer together into one company  reorganising R&D resources and pushing ahead with product innovation to the benefit of our customers. There's no doubt that Hybrid Software Group has emerged from 2022 as a stronger company. We have best-in-class technology  a sound business plan focussed on markets that are trending upwards  and strong cash position of Euros 6.3 million.” Executive Chairman Guido Van der Schueren adds “2022 was a year of mixed results and we fell short of our growth projections in both revenue and net profit. We acted quickly in response  taking prudent steps to conserve cash and reduce our cost structure  especially external spending. But we never sacrificed the long-term value of Hybrid Software Group. We did not cut any of our key personnel or reduce R&D spending  and if anything  we stepped up our sales efforts and increased the company's presence at key trade shows and industry events. We have broadened our potential customer reach by offering successful products for all digital printing applications and I anticipate a much higher level of growth and profitability in the very near future.” Financial highlight sFor the year ended 31 December In thousands of euros 202 2 2021 Continuing operations Revenue 46 693 48 562 Operating profit 2 274 4 770 Profit before tax 1 835 4 565 Tax (charge)/credit (535) 349 Profit from continuing operations 1 300 4 914 EBITDA - continuing operations 10 895 12 211 Adjusted operating profit - continuing operations 2 106 7 308 Adjusted net profit - continuing operations 945 6 390 Basic earnings per share (euro) - continuing operations 0.04 0.15 Adjusted earnings per share (euro) - continuing operations 0.03 0.20 Available cash 6 317 9 234The consolidated pre-tax result for continuing operations was €1.84 million compared with a profit of €4.57 million in 2021. The decrease in profitability of €2.73 million was due to:a decrease in revenue of €1.87 million;a decrease in cost of sales of €1.09 million;an increase in selling  general and administrative expenses of €4.38 million;an increase in research and development expenses of €0.78 million;a decrease in other operating expenses of €0.18 million;an increase in other income of €3.27 million;an increase in net finance expenses of €0.79 million; and a decrease in foreign exchange losses of €0.55 million.Revenue for the Printing Software segment was €15.26 million for the year (2021: €13.84 million).Revenue for the Printhead Solutions segment was €8.66 million for the year (2021: €13.98 million). This segment was severely impacted by the shortage of its most commonly used chip until a critical circuit board was redesigned using a different component in mid-2022.Revenue for the Enterprise Software segment was €22.78 million for the year (2021: €20.74 million).Gross profit for the period increased to 84.2% of revenue (2021: 82.5%)  primarily due to the higher mix ofsoftware related sales during the year  particularly higher margin sales to end users by HYBRID Software.Included in selling  general and administrative expenses is amortisation of €1.17 million (2021: €0.84 million)related to intangible assets recognised as a result of acquisitions.Research and development expenses includes the capitalisation and amortisation of internally generated intangible assets and the amortisation of certain intangible assets recognised as a result of acquisitions. During the period there was a net capitalisation of development expenditure of €2.00 million (2021: €2.39 million) and amortisation of acquired intangible assets of €5.10 million (2021: €3.93 million).The net capitalisation of development expenditure comprised €4.0 million (2021: €3.40 million) of capitalised expenditure less €2.0 million (2021: €1.01 million) of amortisation.The third quarter results were favourably impacted by the sale of an unused asset (approximately 69 000 IPv4 internet addresses) for a net amount of €3.3 million which closed in July. Given the nature of the sale this income is reported as“Other Income” and is not included in our revenue figures  but it is accretive to EBITDA.Total operating expenses increased by €4.98 million  or 14.1% compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase was mainly due to higher sales & marketing related expenditures  increased amortization expenses and higher staff cost resulting from the acquisitions of ColorLogic and Hybrid Iberia in Q4 2021  and iC3D in Q1 2022.Foreign exchange gains and losses were primarily due to the revaluation of currency balances held at the balance sheet date and the change in exchange rates during the year.The Company presents EBITDA (earnings before interest  tax  depreciation and amortisation) and adjusted profit when reporting its financial results to provide investors with an additional tool to evaluate the Group's results in a manner that focuses on what the Group believes to be its underlying business operations. The Group's management believes that the inclusion of adjusted financial results provides consistency and comparability with past reports.Additional commentary and analysis of the Company's consolidated results for the year ending 31 December 2022 can be found in the annual report and financial statements.Should you wish to receive a printed copy of the annual report  please send an e-mail to p or make your request in writing  for the attention of the Company's Chief Financial Officer  to 2030 Cambourne Business Park  Cambourne  Cambridge  CB23 6DW  UK.Annual General MeetingThe Company will hold its annual general meeting on Wednesday 24 May 2023. The official notice of the meeting will be available on the Company's website at: .About Hybrid Software GroupThrough its operating subsidiaries  hybrid software group plc (Euronext: hysg ) is a leading developer of enterprise software for industrial print manufacturing. Customers include press manufacturers such as HP  Canon  Durst  Roland  Hymmen  and hundreds of packaging printers  trade shops  and converters worldwide.Hybrid Software Group PLC is headquartered in Cambridge UK. Its subsidiary companies are colour technology experts colorlogic   printing software developers global graphics software   enterprise software developer hybrid software   3D design and modelling software developers ic3d   the industrial printhead driver solutions specialists  meteor inkjet and pre-press workflow developer xitron .ContactsJoachim Van Hemelen Jill Taylor Chief Financial Officer Corporate Communications Director Tel: +32 (0) 329 57 53 Tel: +44 (0) 1223 926489 pEmail: p,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.41,0.16,0.42,True,English,"['Hybrid Software Group PLC', 'Strong 2022 Results', 'EBITDA', '€', 'REGULATED INFORMATION HYBRID SOFTWARE GROUP PLC REPORTS', 'Guido Van der Schueren', 'financial reports section', 'CEO Mike Rottenborn', 'critical circuit board', 'four new patents', 'R&D resources', 'potential customer reach', 'digital printing applications', 'foreign exchange losses', 'Printing Software segment', 'Enterprise Software segment', 'software related sales', 'R&D spending', 'key trade shows', 'Printhead Solutions segment', 'unused intangible asset', 'sound business plan', 'strong cash position', 'two strategic acquisitions', 'higher margin sales', 'net finance expenses', 'other operating expenses', 'bullish growth projections', 'decrease in profitability', 'Continuing operations Revenue', 'external spending', 'key personnel', 'other income', 'higher level', 'administrative expenses', 'development expenses', 'higher mix', 'financial statements', 'sales efforts', 'Financial highlight', 'intangible assets', 'MENAFN- GlobeNewsWire', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'annual report', 'full document', 'web site', 'economic downturn', 'end-user business', 'first half', 'semiconductor chips', 'healthy levels', 'constituent parts', 'product innovation', 'class technology', 'Executive Chairman', 'prudent steps', 'long-term value', 'industry events', 'successful products', 'near future', 'Available cash', 'different component', 'end users', 'development expenditure', '62 Operating profit', 'net capitalisation', 'net profit', 'Gross profit', '10.9 MILLION EBITDA', 'global shortage', 'Meteor Inkjet', 'one company', 'stronger company', 'mixed results', 'cost structure', '390 Basic earnings', '6.7 MILLION REVENUE', 'first-half revenue', 'financial year', 'pre-tax result', 'Nasdaq', 'Cambridge', 'UK', 'April', 'Euronext', 'HYSG', 'OEM', 'addition', 'revenues', 'period', 'team', 'demand', 'China', 'challenges', 'old', 'benefit', 'customers', 'doubt', 'markets', 'Euros', 'response', 'presence', 'thousands', 'charge', 'credit', 'share', 'increase', 'general', 'research', 'mid-20', 'selling', 'amortisation', '0 7']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,menafn.com
22701,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,SODITECH And EURASIA FONC INV On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Wednesday's Euronext Session… https://t.co/V8rA2KQOBo,nan,SODITECH And EURASIA FONC INV On The List Of Winners And Losers Of Wednesday's Euronext Session… https://t.co/V8rA2KQOBo,neutral,0.1,0.86,0.04,neutral,0.1,0.86,0.04,True,English,"['EURASIA FONC', 'Euronext Session', 'SODITECH', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Wednesday', 'V8rA2KQOBo', 'EURASIA FONC', 'Euronext Session', 'SODITECH', 'List', 'Winners', 'Losers', 'Wednesday', 'V8rA2KQOBo']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22702,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Traders on the Euronext added to overall net short positions wk ending 4/6 in milling #wheat to -51 647. 🌾,nan,Traders on the Euronext added to overall net short positions wk ending 4/6 in milling #wheat to -51 647. 🌾,positive,0.74,0.26,0.01,positive,0.74,0.26,0.01,True,English,"['net short positions', 'Traders', 'Euronext', 'overall', 'milling', 'net short positions', 'Traders', 'Euronext', 'overall', 'milling']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22703,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext Dublin outperformed international peers as it finished the day up 1.7% on the back of strong rallies A gau… https://t.co/STtRPwdUjT,nan,Euronext Dublin outperformed international peers as it finished the day up 1.7% on the back of strong rallies A gau… https://t.co/STtRPwdUjT,neutral,0.25,0.74,0.01,neutral,0.25,0.74,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext Dublin', 'international peers', 'strong rallies', 'day', 'back', 'STtRPwdUjT', 'Euronext Dublin', 'international peers', 'strong rallies', 'day', 'back', 'STtRPwdUjT']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22704,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext is looking for an intern to support the offices of the Group CEO and Euronext Paris CEO  for 6 months.Yo… https://t.co/AI4Gjcn0AD,nan,Euronext is looking for an intern to support the offices of the Group CEO and Euronext Paris CEO  for 6 months.Yo… https://t.co/AI4Gjcn0AD,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,neutral,0.08,0.9,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext Paris CEO', 'Group CEO', 'intern', 'offices', '6 months', 'AI4Gjcn0AD', 'Euronext Paris CEO', 'Group CEO', 'intern', 'offices', '6 months', 'AI4Gjcn0AD']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22705,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,fun fact euronext atms are owned by a company in kansas https://t.co/BiVsBO1dR8,nan,fun fact euronext atms are owned by a company in kansas https://t.co/BiVsBO1dR8,neutral,0.45,0.54,0.01,neutral,0.45,0.54,0.01,True,English,"['fun fact', 'atms', 'company', 'BiVsBO1dR8', 'fun fact', 'atms', 'company', 'BiVsBO1dR8']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22706,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@MLiebreich Still they bamboozled small shareholders. Thank you Euronext https://t.co/Rhx5XOk3pB,nan,@MLiebreich Still they bamboozled small shareholders. Thank you Euronext https://t.co/Rhx5XOk3pB,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,positive,0.96,0.04,0.0,True,English,"['small shareholders', 'Euronext', 'Rhx5XOk3pB', 'small shareholders', 'Euronext', 'Rhx5XOk3pB']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22707,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,EURONEXTVISIOMED GROUP could be a good buy (has a nice wave)stop loss 0.401 https://t.co/6NvTqgSlbS,nan,EURONEXTVISIOMED GROUP could be a good buy (has a nice wave)stop loss 0.401 https://t.co/6NvTqgSlbS,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,positive,1.0,0.0,0.0,True,English,"['VISIOMED GROUP', 'good buy', 'nice wave', 'EURONEXT', 'loss', 'NvTqgSlbS', 'VISIOMED GROUP', 'good buy', 'nice wave', 'EURONEXT', 'loss', 'NvTqgSlbS']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22708,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext 100 Index Went Up By Over 4% In The Last 10 Sessionshttps://t.co/bBPN3yHPxI(VIANEWS) - Euronext 100 Inde… https://t.co/9nymRKohPo,nan,Euronext 100 Index Went Up By Over 4% In The Last 10 Sessionshttps://t.co/bBPN3yHPxI(VIANEWS) - Euronext 100 Inde… https://t.co/9nymRKohPo,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Euronext 100 Index', 'Last 10 Sessions', 'VIANEWS', 'Euronext 100 Index', 'Last 10 Sessions', 'VIANEWS']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22709,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext has Highest Cash Volumes in a Yearhttps://t.co/5pChZUOG8d,nan,Euronext has Highest Cash Volumes in a Yearhttps://t.co/5pChZUOG8d,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,neutral,0.02,0.98,0.0,True,English,"['Highest Cash Volumes', 'Euronext', 'Year', 'Highest Cash Volumes', 'Euronext', 'Year']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22710,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,#NYSE Euronext’s Free Market Fallacy https://t.co/NmfSapa6eG #Freedom #Brussels #Finance #Euronext #Economics… https://t.co/DehJS0UpHH,nan,#NYSE Euronext’s Free Market Fallacy https://t.co/NmfSapa6eG #Freedom #Brussels #Finance #Euronext #Economics… https://t.co/DehJS0UpHH,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,neutral,0.15,0.84,0.01,True,English,"['Free Market Fallacy', 'NmfSapa6eG', 'Freedom', 'Brussels', 'Finance', 'Euronext', 'Free Market Fallacy', 'NmfSapa6eG', 'Freedom', 'Brussels', 'Finance', 'Euronext']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22711,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@euronext   the largest stock exchange in Europe  released its trading data for March 2023  seeing an monthly incre… https://t.co/gY71wnXWNL,nan,@euronext   the largest stock exchange in Europe  released its trading data for March 2023  seeing an monthly incre… https://t.co/gY71wnXWNL,neutral,0.1,0.9,0.01,neutral,0.1,0.9,0.01,True,English,"['largest stock exchange', 'trading data', 'monthly incre', 'Europe', 'March', 'largest stock exchange', 'trading data', 'monthly incre', 'Europe', 'March']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22712,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Euronext FX Spot Declines 13% to $1.4 Trillion in Q1 23The volume of spot forex traded on Euronext FX reached app… https://t.co/E8FVOyulKb,nan,Euronext FX Spot Declines 13% to $1.4 Trillion in Q1 23The volume of spot forex traded on Euronext FX reached app… https://t.co/E8FVOyulKb,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,neutral,0.09,0.89,0.02,True,English,"['Euronext FX Spot', 'spot forex', '4 Trillion', 'Q1', 'volume', 'app', 'E8FVOyulKb', 'Euronext FX Spot', 'spot forex', '4 Trillion', 'Q1', 'volume', 'app', 'E8FVOyulKb']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
22713,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,don't let PE guys buy exchange groups  all they know is take leverage--- is greater than merge some shitthen there's euronext https://t.co/l2h0pOOt39,nan,don't let PE guys buy exchange groups  all they know is take leverage--- is greater than merge some shitthen there's euronext https://t.co/l2h0pOOt39,negative,0.03,0.33,0.64,negative,0.03,0.33,0.64,True,English,"['PE guys', 'exchange groups', 'leverage', 'shit', 'PE guys', 'exchange groups', 'leverage', 'shit']",2023-04-12,2023-04-12,Unknown
