UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
49392,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.politico.eu/article/french-parliament-calls-for-seizing-russian-frozen-assets/,French parliament calls for seizing frozen Russian assets,Officials in Paris are also privately warming to the idea.,More than 60 percent of lawmakers present voted for the measure. | Julien De Rosa/AFP via Getty ImagesPARIS — French lawmakers on Wednesday night passed a nonbinding resolution urging the European Union to seize frozen Russian assets and use them to support Ukraine.The vote comes as European countries are increasingly looking at the idea of seizing around €200 billion in Russian assets that were immobilized after Moscow launched its full-scale invasion of Ukraine in 2022. Most of those assets are held in Brussels-based financial institution Euroclear.France has so far publicly opposed the move  as it fears it could breach international law and spook investors. But French officials are privately warming to the idea. G7 countries last year agreed to use profits from those assets — rather than the assets directly — to back a $50 billion loan to Ukraine.,neutral,0.01,0.53,0.46,negative,0.0,0.2,0.8,True,English,"['frozen Russian assets', 'French parliament', 'Julien De Rosa/AFP', 'Brussels-based financial institution', 'frozen Russian assets', 'Getty Images', 'Wednesday night', 'nonbinding resolution', 'European Union', 'European countries', 'full-scale invasion', 'international law', 'French officials', 'G7 countries', '$50 billion loan', 'French lawmakers', 'More', '60 percent', 'measure', 'PARIS', 'Ukraine', 'vote', 'idea', 'Moscow', 'Euroclear', 'France', 'move', 'investors', 'profits']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,politico.eu
49393,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3041912/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Martela-Corporation-proposals-of-the-Board-of-Directors-and-shareholders.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Martela Corporation; proposals of the Board of Directors and shareholders,Martela Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  13.3.2025 at 10.00 a.m.  The Annual General Meeting of Martela Corporation will be held on 7 April 2025 ......,Martela Corporation  Stock Exchange Release  13.3.2025 at 10.00 a.m.The Annual General Meeting of Martela Corporation will be held on 7 April 2025  beginning at 2:00 p.m. (EET) at Töölönlahdenkatu 2  00100 Helsinki (Flik event studio Eliel  Sanomatalo). The reception of persons who have registered for the meeting and the distribution of voting tickets will commence at 1:30 p.m. (EET). The meeting is held as a hybrid meeting in accordance with Chapter 5  Section 16 (2) of the Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act. Shareholders may also participate to the Annual General Meeting via remote access. Shareholders participating via remote access have during the meeting all shareholder rights such as the voting right and possibility to ask questions.Shareholders may also use their voting right by voting in advance. The Board of Directors recommends that shareholders vote in advance.The instructions on participation are provided in section C. of this notice.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThe following matters will be considered at the Annual General Meeting:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to orderThe Board of Directors proposes that Attorney-at-Law Olli Kotila shall act as the Chair of the meeting. In case Olli Kotila is  due to a weighty reason  prevented from acting as the Chair  the Board of Directors shall propose another person it deems the most suitable to act as the Chair. The Chair may appoint a secretary for the meeting.3. Election of person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votesThe Board of Directors proposes that the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of shall be the Company’s CFO Henri Berg. In case Henri Berg is  due to a weighty reason  prevented from acting as the person to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes  the Board of Directors shall propose another person it deems the most suitable to act in the role.4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements  the consolidated financial statements and the report of the Board of Directors for the financial year 1 January 2024 – 31 December 2024Presentation of the CEO’s review.7. Adoption of the financial statementsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting adopts the financial statements of the parent company and the consolidated financial statements.8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividendsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividends would be paid from the financial year 1 January 2024 – 31 December 2024.9. Resolution on the discharge from liability of the members of the Board of Directors and CEO10. Consideration of the Remuneration Report for governing bodiesThe Remuneration Report for the Company’s governing bodies is available on the Company’s website at https://martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors/corporate-governance/rewarding.The Board of Directors proposes the acceptance of the Remuneration Report 2024. The resolution is advisory in accordance with the Companies Act.11. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders representing more than 50 % of the Company’s voting rights have informed of their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting that the Chair of the Board of Directors would receive a remuneration of EUR 3 700.00 per month and the other Board of Directors members each EUR 1 850.00 per month. In addition  the Board of Directors members belonging to a committee would receive EUR 1 600.00 per year. Board of Directors members employed by a company belonging to the Martela Group will not be remunerated separately for the Board of Directors work. Compensation for travelling expenses would be paid according to the Company’s travelling policy.12. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders representing more than 50 % of the Company’s voting rights have informed of their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting that 6 members will be elected to the Board of Directors.13. Election of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe shareholders representing more than 50 % of the Company’s voting rights have informed of their intention to propose to the Annual General Meeting that the current members of the Board of Directors Mr. Eero Martela  Mr. Jan Mattsson  Ms. Anni Vepsäläinen  Mr. Johan Mild  Ms. Hanna Mattila and Mr. Jacob Kragh would be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors.The members of the Board of Directors will be elected for a term which expires at the end of the first Annual General Meeting following the election.The CVs of the proposed members of the Board of Directors are available on the Company’s website at https://martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors/corporate-governance/board-of-directors.With respect to the election procedure of the members of the Board of Directors  the Board of Directors proposes that the shareholders take a position on the proposal as a whole at the Annual General Meeting.14. Resolution on the remuneration of the AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the auditor is remunerated according to a reasonable invoice approved by the Company.15. Election of AuditorThe Board of Directors proposes that Ernst & Young Ltd  Authorized Public Accountants  be re-elected auditor of the Company. Ernst & Young Ltd has notified that Osmo Valovirta  Authorized Public Accountant  would continue act as the auditor with principal responsibility. The term of office of the auditor expires at the end of the next Annual General Meeting.16. Remuneration of the sustainability reporting assurerThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the sustainability reporting assurer to be elected is remunerated according to a reasonable invoice approved by the company.17. Election of the sustainability reporting assurerThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the sustainability audit firm Ernst & Young Ltd be elected as the company's sustainability reporting assurer for the term ending at the conclusion of the following annual general meeting.Ernst & Young Ltd has informed the company that Osmo Valovirta  Authorized Sustainability Auditor  would act as the principally responsible sustainability reporting assurer.18. Authorizing the Board of Directors to decide on the repurchase and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide upon the repurchase of the Company’s own shares and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the Company’s own shares in one or several occasions as follows:Based on authorization the Board of Directors may resolve on the repurchase of together a maximum of 450 000 Company’s own A-series shares with funds from the Company’s unrestricted equity and/or on the acceptance as pledge of the Company’s own shares.Own shares will be repurchased in public trading maintained by Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd at the market price of the shares as per the time of repurchase or otherwise at a price formed on the market.Own shares may be repurchased  when necessary  as part of the Company’s salary and incentive scheme  for use in conjunction with corporate acquisitions and other business arrangements  if the Board of Directors deems this is in the interest of the shareholders in light of the Company’s share indicators  or if the Board deems it is an economical way of using liquid assets  or for other corresponding purpose.Own shares repurchased to the Company may be retained in the possession of the Company  cancelled or transferred further.The Board of Directors resolves how own shares are repurchased and/or accepted as pledge. The authorization grants the Board of Directors the right to resolve on all other terms of the repurchase and/or acceptance as pledge of the own shares. Thus  this share repurchase authorization includes the right to repurchase shares otherwise than in proportion of the shareholdings (directed repurchase).The authorization cancels any previous unused authorizations to repurchase the Company’s own shares.This share repurchase authorization will be valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2026.19. Authorizing the Board of Directors to resolve on share issues and issues of option rights and other special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to decide upon the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares as referred to in Chapter 10 Section 1 of the Companies Act in one or several tranches  either against payment or without payment.The aggregate number of shares to be issued  including the shares to be received based on special rights  cannot exceed 450 000 of the Company’s A-series shares. The Board of the Directors may resolve to issue new shares or to transfer own shares possibly held by the company. The proposed maximum amount of the authorisation corresponds to approximately 10 per cent of all shares in the Company.The Board of Directors is authorised to decide on all other matters related to the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the pre-emptive right of shareholders to subscribe for shares to be issued (directed share issue). The authorisation is proposed to be used for the purposes of paying purchase prices of corporate acquisitions  share issues directed to personnel or incentive schemes such as share award schemes or to issue share options or for other purposes decided by the Board of Directors.The authorization cancels any previous unused authorizations to share issues and issues of option rights and other special rights entitling to shares.This authorization remains valid until the closing of the next Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2026.20. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThis notice to the Annual General Meeting  that includes the proposals for the decisions on the aforementioned matters on the above agenda of the Annual General Meeting  is available at Martela Corporation’s website at https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors. Martela Corporation’s Annual Report  financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report and the remuneration report will be available on the above-mentioned website as of 13 March 2025.The minutes of the Annual General Meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website by no later than 21 April 2025.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Right to participate and registration of a shareholder registered in the shareholders’ registerA shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on the record date of the Annual General Meeting  26 March 2025  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on his/her Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.The registration commences on 14 March 2025 at 12:00 noon (EET). A shareholder registered in the Company's shareholders’ register  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  must register for the Annual General Meeting no later than by 2 April 2025 at 4:00 p.m. (EET) by which time the registration needs to have been received. The registration for the Annual General Meeting can be made:a) Through the Company’s website at https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors.Online registration requires that the shareholders or their statutory representatives or proxy representatives use strong electronic authentication either by Finnish  Swedish or Danish Bank ID or Mobile ID.b) By mail or email.A shareholder who registers by mail or email shall send the registration and advance voting form available on the Company’s website at https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Martela Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi.If the shareholder registers for the Annual General Meeting by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall be deemed a registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder’s message includes the information mentioned on the form required for registration.In connection with the registration and possible advance voting  the requested information shall be provided  such as the shareholder’s name  date of birth/business ID and contact information. The provided personal data shall only be used in connection with the processing of the Annual General Meeting and necessary registrations related to it.Additional information on the registration and advance voting is available during the registration period by telephone from Innovatics Ltd’s telephone number at +358 10 2818 909 on weekdays from 9:00 a.m. until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. until 4:00 p.m.2. Holder of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of the shares based on which the shareholder would be entitled to be registered in the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd on 26 March 2025. The right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires  in addition  that the shareholder has  on the basis of such shares  temporarily been registered into the shareholders’ register held by Euroclear Finland Ltd at the latest by 2 April 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). As regards nominee-registered shares  this constitutes registration for the Annual General Meeting.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder’s number of votes.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request in good time from his/her/its custodian bank the necessary instructions regarding the temporary registration in the shareholders' register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions as well as registration and participation in the Annual General Meeting and advance voting. The account manager of the custodian bank shall report the holder of nominee-registered shares  who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  to be temporarily registered into the shareholder’s register of the Company by the above-mentioned date at the latest and take care of possible advance voting on behalf of the shareholder within the attendance notice period set for the nominee-registered shares.A holder of nominee-registered shares who has registered for the Annual General Meeting may also participate in the meeting in real time using telecommunication connection and technical means. In addition to the temporary registration in the company’s shareholders’ register  the real-time participation in the meeting requires the submission of the shareholder’s e-mail address and telephone number and  if necessary  a proxy document and other documents necessary to prove the right of representation to by regular mail to Innovatics Oy  General Meeting / Martela Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland or by email to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period for the holders of nominee registered shares  so that the shareholders can be sent a participation link and password to participate in the meeting. If a holder of nominee-registered shares has authorized their custodian to cast advance votes on their behalf  such advance votes will be taken into account as advance votes of the nominee-register.3. Use of proxy representatives and proxy documentsA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her rights at the Annual General Meeting by way of proxy representation. The proxy representative of the shareholder may also vote in advance in a manner set out in this notice.When registering for the Annual General Meeting and possibly voting in advance through the Company’s website  the proxy representative is required to identify him-/herself in the electronic registration service personally with strong authentication  after which the proxy representative is able to register and  if he/she wishes  vote in advance on behalf of the represented shareholder. The proxy representative of the shareholder is required to present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate his/her right to represent the shareholder. Statutory right of representation may be demonstrated by using the Suomi.fi e-Authorisations service which is in use in the online registration service.A template for the proxy and voting instructions is available on the Company’s website https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors. Should a shareholder participate in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives who represent the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares based on which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be informed in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with the electronic registration and possible advance voting  or alternatively to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Martela Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by e-mail to agm@innovatics.fi before the end of the registration period  by which time the proxy documents must be received by Innovatics Ltd. In addition to the proxy document  the shareholder or the shareholder’s proxy representative must register to the Annual General Meeting as is described above in this notice to the Annual General Meeting.4. Exercising rights by the use of telecommunications and technical meansA shareholder  who has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting and whose shares are registered on his/her Finnish book-entry account  may participate in the Annual General Meeting via remote access. Shareholder participating via remote access has during the Annual General Meeting all shareholder rights such as voting right and speaking right.The Annual General Meeting may decide  in accordance with the Companies Act chapter 5 paragraph 25 a  on the principles how the possible written questions and other statements may be combined and modified.The shareholder’s notification regarding participation in the Annual General Meeting via remote access is binding and the shareholder or proxy representative may not after the end of the notice period change the participation method nor participate in person at the meeting venue. A notice of remote access participation by a proxy representative of a shareholder does not  however  limit the participation right of the shareholder’s possible other proxy representatives in person at the meeting venue.A shareholder or proxy representative  who has notified in person attendance at the meeting venue  may change the participation method to remote access. No separate notification to the Company is required regarding this. The remote access participation is done by using the remote access link and password sent by email and/or text message to the email address and/or phone number provided in connection with the registration to the Annual General Meeting.The Annual General Meeting shall be accessed remotely in real time through Inderes Corporation’s virtual general meeting service on the Videosync platform that includes a video and audio connection to the Annual General Meeting. Participating remotely does not require software or loadings subject to charge. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for audio. Furthermore  presenting questions orally requires a microphone in the device used for participating in the Annual General Meeting. Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari or Opera browsers are recommended for participation. It is recommended to log into the meeting system well in advance of the starting time of the Annual General Meeting.The link and password for the participation remotely will be sent by email and/or text message to the email address and/or phone number provided in connection with the registration to the Annual General Meeting at the latest on the day preceding the Annual General Meeting. Thus  also shareholders who have voted in advance and notified attendance at the meeting venue may participate via remote access. The advance votes that have been given will be taken into account even in case the shareholder does not participate in the Annual General Meeting via remote access. In case a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting via remote access  the shareholder may change the advance votes given  should there be a voting during the Annual General Meeting.More detailed information about the virtual general meeting service  additional instructions for proxy representatives when representing several shareholders  contact details of the service provider  and instructions in case of an error situation are available at https://vagm.fi/support. Link to test the compatibility of a computer  smartphone or tablet and the network connection are available at https://demo.videosync.fi/agm-compatibility?language=fi. It is recommended that participants view the instructions for participation before the start of the Annual General Meeting.5. Voting in advanceShareholders with a personal Finnish book-entry account may  if they wish  vote in advance on certain items on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting between 14 March 2025 at 12:00 noon (EET) and 2 April 2025 at 4:00 p.m. (EET).a) Through the Company’s website at https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors.Logging into the service is done in the same way as for the registration in section C. 1. of this notice.b) By mail or email.A shareholder who votes in advance by mail or email shall send the registration and advance voting form available on the Company’s website at https://www.martela.com/about-us/about-martela/investors or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by mail to the address Innovatics Ltd  General Meeting / Martela Corporation  Ratamestarinkatu 13 A  FI-00520 Helsinki  Finland  or by email to agm@innovatics.fi. If the shareholder votes in advance by mail or email to Innovatics Ltd  the delivery of the registration and advance voting form or the corresponding information before the end of the registration period shall be deemed also a registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that the shareholder's message includes the required information required in both the registration section and the advance voting section of the form.It is not possible for the shareholder who votes in advance to exercise other shareholder rights under the Companies Act in the Annual General Meeting  such as the right to ask questions or right to demand a vote  unless the shareholder also registers for and participates him-/herself or through a proxy representative in the Annual General Meeting via remote access. A shareholder who has voted in advance and who also participates in the Annual General Meeting via remote access can  in a voting situation  if he/she wishes  change the votes given in advance.Holders of nominee-registered shares vote through their custodian banks. The account manager of the custodian bank may vote in advance in accordance with the voting instructions given by the shareholder during the attendance notice period set for the nominee-registered shares.The proposals for resolutions that are subject to the advance voting are deemed to have been presented at the Annual General Meeting as unchanged.6. Other instructions and informationThe meeting language is Finnish.Shareholders participating to the Annual General Meeting have the right to ask questions in accordance with chapter 5  section 25 of the Companies Act.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or the shareholder’s number of votes.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting the total number of shares in the Company is 4 639 212 shares from which 604 800 are K shares and 4 034 412 A shares. K shares have 20 votes per share and A shares 1 vote per share.In Espoo  13 March 2025MARTELA CORPORATIONBOARD OF DIRECTORSFurther information:CFO  Henri Bergtel. +358 40 836 5464DistributionNASDAQ HelsinkiMain news mediawww.martela.comMartela is a Nordic leader specialising in user-centric working and learning environments. We create the best places to work and offer our customers the Martela Lifecycle solutions which combine furniture and related services into a seamless whole.,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,negative,0.02,0.43,0.55,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Martela Corporation', 'Notice', 'proposals', 'Board', 'Directors', 'shareholders', 'Ms. Anni Vepsäläinen', 'Finnish Limited Liability Companies Act', 'first Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Töölönlahdenkatu', 'Ms. Hanna Mattila', 'Stock Exchange Release', 'Flik event studio', 'Mr. Jan Mattsson', 'Mr. Johan Mild', 'Mr. Jacob Kragh', 'Law Olli Kotila', 'CFO Henri Berg', 'consolidated financial statements', 'Mr. Eero Martela', 'The Remuneration Report', 'hybrid meeting', 'voting tickets', 'remote access', 'shareholder rights', 'voting right', 'following matters', 'weighty reason', 'balance sheet', 'governing bodies', 'travelling expenses', 'travelling policy', 'financial year', 'Martela Corporation', 'Martela Group', 'section C.', 'A. MATTERS', 'The Board', 'The Chair', 'current members', 'election procedure', 'other Board', 'Directors work', 'parent company', 'Directors members', '10.00 a', '6 members', '7 April', '00100 Helsinki', 'Eliel', 'Sanomatalo', 'reception', 'persons', 'distribution', 'accordance', 'Chapter', 'Shareholders', 'possibility', 'questions', 'advance', 'instructions', 'participation', 'notice', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Attorney', 'case', 'secretary', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'role', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'January', '31 December', 'CEO', 'review', 'Resolution', 'use', 'profit', 'payment', 'dividends', 'discharge', 'Consideration', 'website', 'investors', 'corporate-governance', 'rewarding', 'acceptance', 'intention', 'month', 'addition', 'committee', 'Compensation', 'number', 'term', 'CVs', 'respect', '2:00', '1:30']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49394,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3042079/0/en/Notice-to-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Verkkokauppa-com-Oyj.html,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Verkkokauppa.com Oyj,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Verkkokauppa.com Oyj  Verkkokauppa.com Oyj STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 13 March 2025 at 1:30 p.m. (EET)  Notice to...,Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Verkkokauppa.com OyjVerkkokauppa.com Oyj STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 13 March 2025 at 1:30 p.m. (EET)Notice to the Annual General Meeting of Verkkokauppa.com OyjNotice is given to the shareholders of Verkkokauppa.com Oyj (“Verkkokauppa.com” or the “Company”) to the Annual General Meeting to be held on 8 April 2025 starting at 2:00 p.m. (EEST). The Annual General Meeting will be held without a meeting venue using remote connection in real-time  in accordance with Section 7 of the Articles of Association of the Company and Chapter 5  Section 16  Subsection 3 of the Finnish Companies Act. Instructions for participation are provided in section C of this notice.Shareholders may also exercise their voting rights by voting in advance. Instructions for advance voting are provided in Section C.5 of this notice.A. MATTERS ON THE AGENDA OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGAt the Annual General Meeting  the following matters will be considered:1. Opening of the meeting2. Calling the meeting to order3. Election of persons to scrutinize the minutes and to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the Financial Statements  the report of the Board of Directors and the Auditor’s Report for the year 2024Review by the CEOThe Company’s annual reporting package for 2024  including the financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors (including the sustainability statement)  the auditor’s report and the assurance report on the sustainability report  has been made available on the Company’s investor website at https://investors.verkkokauppa.com/en/ under Annual General Meeting 2025 as of 13 March 2025.A recording of the CEO’s review in Finnish will be available on the investor website after the Annual General Meeting.7. Adoption of the Financial Statements8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the distribution of fundsThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that no dividend be distributed based on the financial statements to be adopted for the financial year ended 31 December 2024. The Board of Directors proposes that the loss for the financial period be transferred to the account for retained earnings.9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability10. Advisory resolution on the Company’s remuneration report for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes to the Annual General Meeting that the Company’s remuneration report for governing bodies for the year 2024 is approved through an advisory resolution.The Company’s remuneration report is available on the investor website under Annual General Meeting 2025 and has been published by way of a stock exchange release on 13 March 2025.11. Presentation of the Remuneration Policy for governing bodiesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolve to support the Company’s remuneration policy for governing bodies. The resolution of the General Meeting on the matter is advisory.The Company’s remuneration policy for governing bodies was last presented to the Annual General Meeting held on 25 March 2021. The remuneration policy must be presented to the Annual General Meeting at least every four years or every time material changes are made to the policy. The proposed amendment consists of a specification that the long-term incentive rewards cannot exceed 200 per cent of the CEO’s annual fixed salary.The remuneration policy is available on the investor website under Annual General Meeting 2025 and has been published by way of a stock exchange release on 13 March 2025.12. Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the annual fees to be paid to the members of the Board of Directors to be elected at the Annual General Meeting for the term of office ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026 be as follows:EUR 70 000 for the Chair of the Board of Directors  andEUR 35 000 for each member of the Board of Directors.The proposed annual fees correspond to the current remuneration.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board further proposes that 50 per cent of the annual fee be paid in Verkkokauppa.com’s shares either purchased from the market or alternatively by using treasury shares held by the Company. It is proposed that the Company will pay the transaction costs and transfer tax in connection with the purchase or transfer of remuneration shares. The rest of the annual fee is proposed to be paid in cash  which is used to cover taxes arising from the fees.Notwithstanding the above  the annual fee can be paid fully in cash if  due to legal  tax  or other regulatory restrictions  or for any other reason related to the Company or the Board member  the fee cannot be paid in shares.The Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the annual fees payable to members of the committees of the Board of Directors for the term of office ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting in 2026 be the following:EUR 12 000 for the Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 10 000 for the Vice Chair of the Audit Committee EUR 6 000 for each member of the Audit Committee EUR 8 000 for the Chair of the Remuneration Committee  andEUR 4 000 for each member of the Remuneration Committee.The proposed fees for committee work correspond to the current remuneration.The fees of the committees are proposed to be paid in cash. It is additionally proposed that the members of the Board of Directors shall be compensated for reasonable accrued travel and lodging expenses as well as other potential costs related to Board and Committee work.13. Resolution on the number of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the Board of Directors consists of seven (7) members.Should any of the candidates proposed by the Shareholders’ Nomination Board for any reason not be available for election to the Board of Directors at the Annual General Meeting  the number of members of the Board of Directors is proposed to be the number of available candidates.14. Election of members of the Board of DirectorsThe Shareholders’ Nomination Board proposes that the following persons be re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for a term ending at the close of the Annual General Meeting 2026: Robin Bade  Henrik Pankakoski  Kati Riikonen  Irmeli Rytkönen  Samuli Seppälä  Enel Sintonen and Arja Talma.Should any of the candidates presented above for any reason not be available for election to the Board of Directors  the remaining available candidates are proposed to be elected as presented above.All nominees have given their consent to the election. All nominees  except for Samuli Seppälä and Enel Sintonen  are deemed independent of the Company and its major shareholders. Samuli Seppälä is not independent of the Company or its significant shareholders. Enel Sintonen is not independent of the Company.The Chair of the Board will be elected by the members of the Board of Directors from amongst themselves. The nominees to the Board of Directors have indicated to the Shareholders’ Nomination Board that if elected  they will elect Arja Talma as the Chair of the Board of Directors.Biographical details of the proposed members of the Board of Directors are available on the investor website under Board of Directors.15. Resolution on the remuneration of the auditor and the sustainability reporting assurance providerThe Board of Directors proposes  on the recommendation of the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee  to the Annual General Meeting that the remuneration of the auditor be paid according to the reasonable invoice approved by the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee. For the sake of clarity  it is noted that the elected sustainability reporting assurance provider would also be reimbursed for services rendered for sustainability reporting assurance services based on a reasonable invoice approved by the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee.16. Election of auditor and sustainability reporting assurance providerThe Board of Directors proposes  on the recommendation of the Board of Directors’ Audit Committee  to the Annual General Meeting that PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy be re-elected as the Company’s auditor and sustainability reporting assurance provider until the end of the following Annual General Meeting.PricewaterhouseCoopers Oy has notified the Company that Mikko Nieminen  APA  ASA  would act as the responsible auditor and as the principally responsible sustainability reporting assurer.The Audit Committee has prepared its recommendations in accordance with the EU Audit Regulation (537/2014). The Audit Committee hereby confirms that its recommendations are free from influence by a third party and that no clause of the kind referred to in Article 16  paragraph 6 of the EU Audit Regulation  which would restrict the choice by the Annual General Meeting as regards the appointment of the auditor  has been imposed upon it.17. Authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of the Company’s own sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to resolve on the repurchase of a maximum of 4 535 453 shares in one or several instalments using the unrestricted equity of the Company  however  taking into account the provisions of the Finnish Companies Act on the maximum number of the treasury shares held by the Company or its subsidiaries. The proposed number of shares represents a maximum of approximately ten (10) per cent of the total number of the shares in the Company.The authorization includes the right of the Board of Directors to resolve on all other terms and conditions of the repurchase of the shares  including the repurchase of shares in another proportion than that of the existing shareholdings of the shareholders (directed repurchase). The shares may be repurchased on any trading venue or in transactions outside of a trading venue  in each case  at market terms and at the market price of the time of the repurchase  or at the price otherwise established on the market at the time of the repurchase.Shares may be repurchased for the purposes of improving the Company’s capital structure  financing or carrying out corporate acquisitions or other arrangements  implementing prospective incentive and remuneration schemes  or to be otherwise transferred further  retained as treasury shares or cancelled.It is proposed that the authorization be valid until the close of the following Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2026. The authorization revokes previous unused authorizations for the repurchase of the Company’s own shares.18. Authorization of the Board of Directors to resolve on the issuance of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting authorizes the Board of Directors to resolve on a share issue by one or several resolutions. A maximum of 4 535 453 shares may be issued on the basis of the authorization. The proposed maximum authorized number represents approximately ten (10) per cent of the total number of the shares in the Company. The Board of Directors may resolve to issue either new shares or transfer treasury shares held by the Company.The Board of Directors would resolve on all the terms and conditions of the share issue  including the deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right  by way of a directed issuance  for a weighty financial reason. The authorization may be used to improve the Company’s capital structure  to finance or carry out corporate acquisitions or other arrangements  to implement prospective incentive and remuneration schemes or to be used for other purposes resolved by the Board of Directors.It is proposed that the authorization be valid until the close of the following Annual General Meeting  however  no longer than until 30 June 2026. The authorization revokes previous unused share issue authorizations.19. Closing of the meetingB. DOCUMENTS OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGThis notice  which includes the agenda of the Annual General Meeting  and the resolution proposals are available on Verkkokauppa.com’s investor website under Annual General Meeting 2025. The financial statements  the report of the Board of Directors (including the sustainability statement)  the auditor’s report  the assurance report on the sustainability report  the remuneration report and the remuneration policy of Verkkokauppa.com  have been available on the above-mentioned website as of 13 March 2025. The proposals for resolutions and other documents referred to above will also be available for review at the Annual General Meeting.The minutes of the meeting will be available on the above-mentioned website as of 22 April 2025 at the latest.C. INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Shareholders registered in the shareholders’ registerEach shareholder  who on the record date for the Annual General Meeting on 27 March 2025 is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy  has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting. A shareholder whose shares are registered on the shareholder’s Finnish book-entry account is registered in the shareholders’ register of the Company.Registration for the Annual General Meeting will begin on 14 March 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (EET). A shareholder who is registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register and who wishes to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shall register for the Annual General Meeting no later than by 31 March 2025 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST)  by which time the notice must have been received by the Company. Registration for the Annual General Meeting can be done in the following manners:a) On the investor website under Annual General Meeting 2025Electronic registration requires that the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy representative uses strong electronic authentication either by Finnish  Swedish or Danish banking IDs or mobile certificate.b) By emailAlternatively  a shareholder may send the notice of participation to Innovatics Ltd  which assists in the organization of the meeting  by email to agm@innovatics.fi. Shareholders registering by e-mail shall attach the advance voting form available on the investor website under Annual General Meeting 2025 or equivalent information.In connection with the registration  the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy representative is required to provide the requested personal information  such as their name  date of birth or business identity code  contact details  and the name  birth date and contact details of a possible proxy representative or assistant.The personal data given to Verkkokauppa.com and Innovatics Ltd by shareholders  legal representatives and proxy representatives is only used in connection with the Annual General Meeting and with the processing of related necessary registrations. Further information on how the Company processes personal data is available in the privacy notice regarding the Annual General Meeting  which is available on the investor website under Annual General Meeting 2025.Additional information on the registration and advance voting is available during the registration period by telephone at +358 10 2818 909 on business days during 9:00 a.m. until 12:00 noon and from 1:00 p.m. until 4:00 p.m.2. Holders of nominee-registered sharesA holder of nominee-registered shares has the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting by virtue of such shares  based on which the shareholder on the record date of the Annual General Meeting on 27 March 2025  would be entitled to be registered in the Company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. In addition  the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting requires that the shareholder on the basis of such shares has been registered into the temporary shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy at the latest by 3 April 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (EEST). With regard to nominee-registered shares  this constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting. Changes in share ownership following the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not have an impact on the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting nor on the number of votes of the shareholder.A holder of nominee-registered shares is advised to request necessary instructions regarding the registration in the Company’s temporary shareholders’ register  the issuing of proxy documents and voting instructions  and registration for the Annual General Meeting from their custodian bank without delay. The account management organisation of the custodian bank shall register a holder of nominee registered shares who wants to participate in the Annual General Meeting in the temporary shareholders’ register of the Company and see to the voting in advance on behalf of the nominee registered shareholder by 10:00 a.m. (EEST) on 3 April 2025 at the latest.A holder of nominee-registered shares who has registered for the Annual General Meeting through their custodian may also participate in the meeting in real time using telecommunication connection and technical means. In addition to temporary registration in the Company’s shareholders’ register  real-time participation in the meeting requires the submission by email to agm@innovatics.fi of the shareholder’s and a possible representative’s name  e-mail address and telephone number and  in the case of representatives  a proxy authorization document or other documents necessary to prove the right of representation by 10:00 a.m. (EEST) on 3 April 2025 at the latest  so that holder of nominee-registered shares can be sent a participation link and password to participate in the meeting. If a holder of nominee-registered shares has authorized their custodian to cast advance votes on their behalf  such advance votes will be taken into account as advance votes of the nominee-registered shareholder at the Annual General Meeting  unless the holder of nominee-registered shares votes otherwise at the Annual General Meeting.3. Proxy representatives and power of attorneyA shareholder may participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise their rights at the Annual General Meeting by way of proxy representation. Proxy representatives may also vote in advance in the manner described in this notice.Proxy representatives must use personal electronic authentication when registering through the electronic registration service for the meeting and voting in advance  after which they can register and vote in advance on behalf of the shareholder they represent. A proxy representative shall present a dated proxy document or otherwise in a reliable manner demonstrate their right to represent the shareholder at the Annual General Meeting. If a shareholder participates in the Annual General Meeting by means of several proxy representatives representing the shareholder with shares in different book-entry accounts  the shares by which each proxy representative represents the shareholder shall be identified in connection with the registration for the Annual General Meeting.Proxy and voting instruction templates will be available on the investor website under Annual General Meeting 2025 as from 14 March 2025 onwards. Possible proxy documents shall be delivered primarily as an attachment in connection with electronic registration or  alternatively  by email to agm@innovatics.fi before the expiry of the registration period  by which time the documents must have been received.In addition to delivering the proxy documents  the shareholder or their proxy representative shall also register for the Annual General Meeting in the manner set out in this notice.Shareholders may also use the electronic Suomi.fi authorization service for authorizing their proxies instead of using traditional proxy authorization documents. In this case  the shareholder authorizes a representative appointed by it in the Suomi.fi service at www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations (using the authorization topic “Representation at the General Meeting”). In connection with registering  the representative must identify themselves using strong electronic authentication  after which they can register and vote in advance. The strong electronic authentication works with personal banking ID or mobile certificate. For more information  see www.suomi.fi/e-authorizations.Further information will also be available on the investor website under Annual General Meeting 2025.4. Advance votingShareholders with a Finnish book-entry account may vote in advance on certain matters on the agenda of the Annual General Meeting during the period from 14 March 2025 at 10:00 a.m. (EET) until 31 March 2025 at 4:00 p.m. (EEST). Advance voting can be done in the following manners:a) On the investor website under Annual General Meeting 2025Voting in advance electronically requires that the shareholder or their legal representative or proxy representative uses strong electronic authentication either by Finnish  Swedish or Danish banking IDs or mobile certificate.b) By emailA shareholder may submit the advance voting form available on the investor website or corresponding information to Innovatics Ltd by email to agm@innovatics.fi. The advance votes must be received by Innovatics Ltd before the expiry of the advance voting period.Submission of votes before the expiry of the voting period in this manner constitutes due registration for the Annual General Meeting  provided that they contain the above-mentioned information required for registration.A shareholder who has voted in advance may request information under the Finnish Companies Act  request a vote at the Annual General Meeting or vote on a possible counterproposal if they are present or represented at the Annual General Meeting using telecommunications and technical means.With regards to holders of nominee registered shares  advance voting is performed via the custodian bank. The account management organization of the custodian bank may vote in advance on behalf of the holders of nominee registered shares it represents  in accordance with the voting instructions provided by them  during the advance voting period for holders of nominee registered shares.A proposal subject to advance voting is considered to have been presented unchanged at the Annual General Meeting.The terms and conditions as well as other instructions concerning the advance voting are available on the investor website under Annual General Meeting 2025.5. Participation InstructionsShareholders who have the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting may participate in the meeting remotely and exercise their shareholder rights in full in real time during the meeting via remote access or by voting in advance.Shareholders may exercise their right to request information during the meeting orally by using their microphone.Remote access to the Annual General Meeting will be provided through Inderes Plc’s virtual general meeting service on the Videosync platform  which includes video and audio access to the Annual General Meeting. The meeting platform does not require any paid software or downloads. In addition to an internet connection  participation requires a computer  smartphone or tablet with speakers or headphones for sound reproduction and a microphone for addressing the meeting. It is recommended to use the most common browsers (i.e.  Chrome  Firefox  Edge  Safari  or Opera). It is recommended to log in to the meeting platform well in advance of the meeting.The participation link and password for the remote participation will be sent by e-mail and/or text message no later than the day before the Annual General Meeting to the e-mail address and/or mobile phone number provided at the time of registration to all those shareholders who have registered for the Annual General Meeting. Shareholders who have voted in advance may also participate in the Annual General Meeting on the platform. The votes cast in advance will be taken into account in the resolutions of the Annual General Meeting  regardless of whether such shareholders participate in the Annual General Meeting remotely or not. Shareholders participating in the meeting remotely will be able to change their advance votes during the meeting  should a vote take place.For more information on the meeting platform  additional instructions for proxies representing more than one shareholder  contact details of the service provider and instructions in case of possible disruptions  please visit: https://vagm.fi/support. A link to test the compatibility of your device’s network connection is found at https://demo.videosync.fi/agm-compatibility?language=en. Participants are recommended to familiarise themselves with the participation instructions before the meeting.In the event of problems during the Annual General Meeting  shareholders are requested to contact the online general meeting service provider's support without delay. Assistance with logging in to the meeting is available by phone at +358 10 2818 909 or by e-mail at agm@innovatics.fi. In case of problems in following the meeting  exercising your right to speak or voting during the meeting  assistance is available by phone at +358 20 729 1449 or by email at support@videosync.fi.6. Other instructions and informationThe Annual General Meeting will be held in Finnish.Pursuant to Chapter 5  Section 25 of the Finnish Companies Act  a shareholder who participates in the Annual General Meeting has the right to ask questions and request information with respect to the matters to be considered at the meeting. Shareholders may exercise their right to request information during the meeting orally by using their microphone.Changes in share ownership after the record date of the Annual General Meeting do not affect the right to participate in the Annual General Meeting or a shareholder’s number of votes at the meeting.On the date of this notice to the Annual General Meeting  13 March 2025  the total number of shares and votes in Verkkokauppa.com is 45 354 532.Helsinki  13 March 2025VERKKOKAUPPA.COM OYJBoard of DirectorsFor further information  please contact:Klaus Korhonen  Head of LegalVerkkokauppa.com Oyjklaus.korhonen@verkkokauppa.comTel. +358 50 32 555 28Verkkokauppa.com is an e-commerce pioneer that stands passionately on the customer’s side. Verkkokauppa.com accelerates the transition of commerce to online with Finland’s fastest deliveries and ultimate convenience. The company leads the way by offering one-hour deliveries to more than 1.7 million customers  a winning assortment and probably always cheaper prices. Every day  the company strives to find more streamlined ways to surpass its customers´ expectations and to create a new norm for buying and owning.Verkkokauppa.com was founded in 1992 and has been online since day one. The company’s revenue in 2024 was EUR 468 million and it employs around 600 people. Verkkokauppa.com is listed on the Nasdaq Helsinki stock exchange.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.0,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'Verkkokauppa', 'Oyj', 'The Shareholders’ Nomination Board', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'stock exchange release', 'long-term incentive rewards', 'annual reporting package', 'other regulatory restrictions', 'Finnish Companies Act', 'Oyj STOCK EXCHANGE', 'meeting venue', 'other reason', 'annual fees', 'The Board', 'voting rights', 'A. MATTERS', 'following matters', 'Financial Statements', 'sustainability statement', 'investor website', 'balance sheet', 'financial period', 'governing bodies', 'material changes', '200 per cent', '50 per cent', 'transaction costs', 'legal, tax', 'current remuneration', 'The Company', 'Remuneration Policy', 'assurance report', 'sustainability report', 'remote connection', 'section C', 'advance voting', 'treasury shares', 'transfer tax', 'remuneration report', 'remuneration shares', 'Board member', 'financial year', 'Advisory resolution', 'Verkkokauppa.com', 'Notice', 'March', '8 April', 'EEST', 'real-time', 'Articles', 'Association', 'Chapter', 'Subsection', 'Instructions', 'participation', 'AGENDA', 'Opening', 'Election', 'persons', 'minutes', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'Review', 'CEO', 'investors', 'recording', 'use', 'profit', 'distribution', 'funds', 'dividend', 'loss', 'account', 'earnings', 'discharge', 'members', 'liability', 'way', 'years', 'amendment', 'specification', 'salary', 'office', 'close', 'Chair', 'market', 'purchase', 'cash', 'taxes', '1:30', '2:00']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49395,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3041889/0/en/Haffner-Energy-announces-the-launch-of-a-7M-Capital-Increase-by-ABSA-issue-with-preferential-subscription-rights-which-may-go-up-to-8M-with-the-support-of-its-long-standing-shareho.html,Haffner Energy announces the launch of a €7M Capital Increase by ABSA issue with preferential subscription rights  which may go up to €8M  with the support of its long-standing shareholders and new investors for an amount of €5.5M,This material may not be published  transmitted or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan.          ......,"This material may not be published  transmitted or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan.Webinar in French today at 6:00 p.m.CLICK HERE TO REGISTERVitry-le-François  France – March 13  2025  8:00 a.m. (CET) - Haffner Energy (ISIN: FR0014007ND6 – Ticker: ALHAF) (the ""Company"") announces the launch of a capital increase in cash with preferential subscription rights (the ""PSR”) in the amount of €7M through the issuance of 17 488 744 shares with warrants (the ""ABSA"") at a unit price of €0.40  representing a face discount of 59% compared to the closing price of March 12  2025 (€0.98)  with a parity of 9 ABSA for 23 Existing Shares (the ""Capital Increase"").Main terms of the Capital IncreaseInitial amount of €7M with preferential subscription rights that may be increased to a maximum of approximately €8M in the event of exercise of the extension clauseSubscription price per ABSA: €0.40Subscription parity: 9 ABSA for 23 Existing SharesExercise parity of the Warrants : 3 Warrants for 1 New SharePSR negotiation period from March 17 to March 26  2025 inclusiveSubscription period from March 19 to March 28  2025 inclusiveInvestor subscription commitments up to €5.5MOperation eligible for the IR-PME  PEA-PME and FIP-FCPI schemes and article 150-0 B terPhilippe Haffner  Co-Founder and CEO of Haffner Energy  states:“With 32 years of experience in biomass-to-energy conversion  Haffner Energy is at a strategic turning point in its history. The launch of an operational unit producing  among other things  “super green” mobility-grade hydrogen is a decisive factor in converting our pipeline into firm orders. Indeed  the start of the year was marked by the successful commissioning of our hydrogen production  testing and training center in Marolles. This site  which confirms the industrial maturity of our technologies  houses the world's first continuous production unit of mobility-grade hydrogen from biomass using a thermochemical process. This process significantly reduces costs compared with alternative technologies  while diversifying the biomass used.The site provides our customers with proof of the effective industrial-scale operation of our technology. As a result  we have signed a key contract with H 2 bois SA for the construction of a 720 kg/day hydrogen  electricity and biochar production unit in Switzerland.Today  our strategy is no longer based solely on hydrogen  as was the case in 2022 at the time of our IPO  but on several complementary markets with different cycles. This enables us to significantly broaden our addressable market while mitigating risk. Hydrogen now represents only 18% of our weighted sales pipeline. We are positioning ourselves in key mature sectors such as syngas production for industrial decarbonization  sustainable aviation fuels (SAF) and renewable methanol. Our offering in these markets is a major asset for accelerating our commercial expansion.Mobility-grade hydrogen  with 99.97% purity  is the most demanding biofuel  demonstrating our technological capacity in all markets. In fact  hydrogen and biofuels are produced from the same syngas. The use of a primary energy source that is far more competitive and versatile than electricity means that we can produce highly competitive biofuels with limited recourse to electricity and the associated connection constraints. This unique combination strengthens our market position across different applications.Although 2022 and 2023 were marked by major delays in the hydrogen sector  notably due to the impact of the conflict in Ukraine on the energy ecosystem  our current situation is stronger than it was at the time of our IPO. We have overcome the most critical challenges and the successful commissioning of our Marolles unit is a game-changer. On the one hand  beyond technology demonstration  our customers will be able to test and qualify the biomasses they wish to exploit under real conditions  and not just in a laboratory setting. Secondly  we will be bringing to market “super-green” hydrogen produced as part of the site's operations starting the second half of the year  once the distribution station provided by HRS has been commissioned.We could have deployed our technology as early as 2023 had we had a site available by the end of 2022. However  delays in the hydrogen sector have led us to focus on the Marolles site  3 km from our head office  which was made available to us in early 2024.We have also seen major advances in the SAF market  with strategic partnerships with leading players such as LanzaJet/LanzaTech  IðunnH2 and ATOBA Energy  who recognize the potential of our technologies  including renewable methanol. These partnerships are enabling us to structure our development within this booming sector and we have already created a project company (SPV) for the Paris-Vatry SAF project  designed to produce 60 000 tons of SAF per year. We have also initiated the launch of SAF Zero  a spin-off designed to maximize our potential in the SAF market  where investments worth trillions of euros are expected between 2025 and 2050. Finally  our Haffner Energy  Inc. subsidiary (not consolidated) in the United States opens up major prospects for us in North America.The syngas market makes it possible to decarbonize many industries by replacing fossil natural gas with syngas without having to change our customers' industrial equipment. Syngaz provides a unique  carbon-free and competitive solution with regard to natural gas. The main challenge is financing installations  and we are actively developing third-party financing solutions with several partners.From a financial standpoint  we have implemented a plan to reduce and control our operating expenses in order to control our costs while preserving our potential for commercial and industrial development. Our streamlining efforts and budgetary discipline have led to an improvement in our EBITDA  thus strengthening our resilience and our ability to accelerate our development while securing our business continuity.We believe that our key differentiating factors  combined with our demonstrated technological maturity  place us in a positive dynamic with solid growth prospects. As of the next closing  on March 31  2026  we expect to be EBITDA breakeven  given the short-term order prospects  particularly related to the demonstration of mobility-grade hydrogen production in Marolles.We are convinced that our mastery of biomass valorization  whose biogenic carbon is essential  and our differentiating approach will make a significant contribution to the global energy transition.”Use of FundsThis fundraising will allow the company to finance its activities until the end of March 2026  excluding the effect of potential contract signatures expected during this period. This cash horizon also takes into account the cost reductions undertaken by the Company  which significantly cap the average monthly cash burn  excluding revenues and non-recurring expenses  under €600k to date (compared to €1M as indicated in the half-year results press release published on December 17  2024).The cash runway also includes the receipt of innovation aid in the form of a loan (Innovation – Research and Development Loan) in the amount of €500k granted by Bpifrance (and received at the beginning of March 2025)  relating to the project for a hydrogen production  testing and training center in Marolles  bringing the total public funding obtained for this project to €1.5M (cf. press release and November 22  2024 media kit).In addition  the Company estimates that the net loss for the year ended March 31  2025 should be reduced compared to the previous year due to the full impact in the second half of the year of the cost reductions implemented during the first half. It also confirms its breakeven EBITDA target as of March 31  20261  including the launch of SAF Zero2. Finally  in order to offer a clearer and more representative view of its business and prospects  the Company is now adopting a communication based on a weighted sales pipeline instead of medium-term annual revenue targets  as was previously practiced  as projects typically convert into backlog over a two-year cycle. This weighted pipeline is determined by applying a probability of success to the potential revenue of each project that counts in the sales pipeline.Thus  given an unweighted pipeline of projects amounting to €1.55 billion to date  the weighted pipeline currently amounts to €388M with hydrogen projects currently representing only 18% of the total.If  at present and before taking into account the Capital Increase  the Company does not have sufficient cash and net working capital to meet its current obligations over the next twelve months  it will have sufficient cash and net working capital to meet its working capital requirements after completion of the Capital Increase  including in the event of completing 77.5% of the capital increase  i.e. on the basis of the irrevocable subscription commitments already obtained.Underwriting commitments received to dateAs of the date of this press release  the Company has received underwriting commitments for a total amount of €5.4M representing 77.5% of the issuance  with the possibility it may raise up to €5.5M. This amount includes:Underwriting commitments on the part of Haffner Participation  VICAT and EUREFI  of €950k  €1M and €0.9M (potentially up to €1.03M) respectively  representing in all 41% of the initial offer before the possible exercise of the extension clause;Subscription commitments from six institutional investors for a total amount of €2.5M  representing 36% of the issue before exercise of the extension clause  of which €1.5M on an irreducible basis and €1M on an unrestricted basis  remunerated (up to 8% of their commitments) in order to ensure that the initial amount of the issue is reached  if necessary.The company is not aware of the intentions of its other shareholders.Retention and Withholding CommitmentsIn the context of the Capital Increase  Haffner Participation and EUREFI  long-standing shareholders of the Company  holding directly and jointly 52.73% of the share capital and 59.69% of the voting rights before the Capital Increase  have entered into a 180-day lock-up commitment covering all the shares they hold prior to the Capital Increase  subject to the usual exceptions.Haffner Energy has committed not to issue new shares after the Capital Increase for 180 days  except for customary exceptions.STOCK DETAILS AND FEATURES OF THE COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANTS (ABSA)Share capital before the Capital IncreasePrior to the operation  the Company's share capital is composed of 44 693 457 shares  fully subscribed and paid up  with a nominal value of €0.10 per share.Stock  BSA and PSR codesLabel: Haffner EnergyStock ISIN code: FR0014007ND6Ticker: ALHAFPSR ISIN code: FR001400XXP1Warrant ISIN code: FR001400Y4X9Place of listing: Euronext Growth ParisLEI code: 969500KUNUHC32N0J037Operation and common stock purchase warrants (ABSA) featuresThe operation consists in a Capital Increase by issuing ABSA with preferential subscription rights (PSR). The transaction will involve the issuance of 17 488 744 ABSA at a unit price of €0.40  at the rate of 9 ABSA for 23 Existing Shares held (23 PSR will allow the subscription to 9 ABSA)  i.e. gross proceeds of €6 995 497.60.Each ABSA will be composed of one new Ordinary Share and one warrant. The Warrants will be detached from the ABSA immediately after the issuance of the ABSA and will be admitted to trading on Euronext Growth. The characteristics of the Warrants are defined below:Number of Warrants issued: 17 488 744 (i.e. one (1) Warrant per ABSA)Exercise parity: 3 Warrants will allow the subscription to one (1) New Share  subject to legal adjustmentsSubscription price of the New Shares upon exercise of the warrants: €1.20Listing of the Warrants: Yes (ISIN code FR001400Y4X9)Maturity: 18 months from the date of issuance of the ABSAsExercise period: from 04/04/2026 to 04/10/2026 inclusiveThe exercise of the 17 488 744 Warrants would represent  in the long term  a potential capital increase of a gross amount of €7M.Legal framework for the Capital IncreaseThe Board of Directors of the Company  at its March 12  2025 meeting  decided to implement the 7th resolution adopted at the Combined General Meeting of September 12  2024  in accordance with the delegation of authority granted to it by the Company's shareholders in order to proceed with the Capital Increase (with the possibility of exercising the extension clause  see below).Extension clauseDepending on demand  the Company may exercise the extension clause in accordance with the 11th resolution of the Combined Shareholders' Meeting of September 12  2024  up to a limit of (i) 15% of the initial amount of the issue and (ii) a total issue amount of up to €8M in nominal terms  i.e. an issue proceeds of €6 995 497.60 that may be increased to €7 999 999.60 in order to serve all or part of the subscription orders on a reducible basis. Thus  the initial number of 17 488 744 ABSA could be increased by 2 511 255 additional ABSAs  bringing the total number of ABSAs to be issued to a maximum of 19 999 999 shares.Similarly  the additional 2 511 255 warrants issued if the extension clause were exercised in full would make it possible to subscribe  if applicable  to 837 085 additional New Shares bringing the potential capital increase  in the long term  to €8 000 000.Subscription priceThe subscription price has been set at €0.40 per ABSA  i.e. €0.10 nominal value and €0.30 issue premium  representing a face discount of 59% compared to the closing price of March 12  2025 (€0.98).Subscription on an irreducible basisABSA subscription is reserved for holders of existing shares recorded in their securities accounts at the end of the day preceding the opening date of the subscription period. PSR holders will be able to subscribe on an irreducible basis  at the rate of 9 ABSA for 23 Existing Shares held  i.e. 23 PSR which will allow them to subscribe to 9 ABSA. PSR may only be exercised up to a number of PSR allowing the subscription of a whole number of ABSA.Subscribers who do not possess  in respect of the subscription on an irreducible basis  a sufficient number of existing shares or PSR to obtain a whole number of ABSA  will have to make it their business to acquire or sell on the market the number of PSR required to allow them to reach the multiple leading to a whole number of New Shares.Subscription on a reducible basisA PSR is hereby introduced for the benefit of shareholders  which will be exercised in proportion to their rights and within the limits of their requests. At the same time as they exercise their subscriptions on an irreducible basis  shareholders or assignees of PSR will be able to subscribe on a reducible basis for the number of ABSA they wish  in addition to the number of ABSA resulting from the exercise of their PSR on an irreducible basis.Any ABSA that are not absorbed by the non-reducible subscriptions will be distributed and allocated to the reducible subscribers. Subscription orders on a reducible basis will be served within the limit of their requests and in proportion to the number of existing shares whose rights have been used in support of their subscription on an irreducible basis  without this resulting in an allocation of a fraction of an ABSA.In the event that the same subscriber submits several separate subscriptions  the number of ABSAs to which she is entitled on a reducible basis will only be calculated on all of her PSR if she expressly requests it in writing  no later than the day on which the subscription is closed. This request must be attached to one of the subscriptions and give all the information useful for the consolidation of rights  specifying the number of subscriptions established as well as the authorized intermediary(s) with whom these subscriptions have been filed. Subscriptions in the name of separate policyholders cannot be combined to obtain reducible ABSA. A notice published by Euronext will make known  if applicable  the distribution scale for subscriptions on a reducible basis.Request for unrestricted subscriptionAny person or legal entity  whether or not they hold any PSR  may subscribe to the Capital Increase on an unrestricted basis. Individulas interested in an unrestricted subscription must send their request to CIC Market Solutions3 (Middle Office Issuers  6 avenue de Provence  75009 Paris) or to their authorized financial intermediary at any time during the subscription period and pay the corresponding subscription price. In accordance with the provisions of Article L.225-134 of the French Commercial Code  subscriptions on an unrestricted basis will only be taken into account if the irreducible and reducible subscriptions have not absorbed the entire capital increase  it being specified that the Board of Directors will have the option of freely allocating the unsubscribed shares  in whole or in part  among the persons (shareholders or third parties) of its choice who have made unrestricted subscription requests.Exercizing PSRTo exercise their PSR  holders must make a request to their authorized financial intermediary at any time during the subscription period  i.e. between March 19  2025 and March 28  2025 inclusive  and pay the corresponding subscription price. Each subscription must be accompanied by payment of the subscription price in cash or by offsetting liquid and due claims on the Company. Subscriptions that have not been fully paid up will be cancelled ipso jure. PSR must be exercised by their beneficiaries before the end of the subscription period. PSR will be tradable from March 17  2025 to March 26  2025 inclusive. The transferor of the PSR will be divested of it in favor of the transferee who  for the exercise of the PSR thus acquired  will be purely and simply substituted in all the rights and obligations of the owner of the existing share. PSR not exercised by the close of the subscription period will automatically lapse.PSR quotationAt the close of trading on March 14  2025  the Company's shareholders will receive 1 PSR for each share held (i.e. a total of 44 693 457 PSR issued). Each shareholder holding 23 PSR (and multiples of this number) will be able to subscribe to 9 ABSA (and multiples of this number) at a unit price of €0.40. They will be listed and traded on Euronext Growth  under ISIN code FR001400XXP1 from March 19 to March 26  2025 inclusive. If these PSR are not subscribed or sold  they will lapse at the end of the subscription period and their value will be zero.BSA quotationAt the close of trading on April 4  2025  the Company's shareholders who have subscribed to the Capital Increase will receive 1 Warrant for each ABSA subscribed (i.e. a maximum of 19 999 999 Warrants). Each shareholder holding 3 Warrants (and multiples thereof) will be entitled to subscribe to 1 New Share (and multiples thereof) at a unit price of €1.20 as from April 4  2026. They will be listed and traded on Euronext Growth  under ISIN code FR001400Y4X9 and will be exercisable until October 4  2026.PSR theoretical value€0.16 (based on the closing price of the Company's shares on March 12  2025  i.e. €0.98). The subscription price of €0.40 per share represents a discount of 51% to the theoretical value of the share after detachment of the right.Warrant theoretical value€0.06 based on the closing price of the Company's share on March 12  2025  i.e. €0.98 as well as:A parity of 3 Warrants for 1 shareA subscription price per share of €1.20A risk-free rate of 3.30%Historical Company price volatility of 22%For a period of exercise from April 4  2026 to October 4  2026 inclusiveA dividend rate of 0%PSR detached from treasury sharesPursuant to Article L. 225-206 of the French Commercial Code  the Company may not subscribe to its own shares. The preferential subscription rights detached from the Company's treasury shares will be sold on the market before the end of their trading period under the conditions of Article L. 225-210 of the French Commercial Code.Limitation of the amount of the Capital IncreaseIn the event that the subscriptions  both on an irreducible basis and on a reducible basis  have not absorbed the entire issue  the Board of Directors may limit the amount of the issue to the amount of the subscriptions received  in accordance with Article L. 225-134 of the French Commercial Code  provided that it reaches at least 75% of the specified amount of the issue.Paying agents – Subscription paymentsSubscriptions for ABSA and payments of funds by subscribers whose shares are held in administered registered or bearer form will be received up to and including the closing date of the subscription period by their authorized intermediary acting in their name and on their behalf. Subscriptions and payments by subscribers whose shares are held in pure registered form will be received free of charge by CIC Market Solutions. The ABSA will be fully paid up at the time of subscription  either in cash or by offsetting liquid and due claims on the Company  for the full nominal value and issue premium  it being specified that the amount of the issue premium paid will be recorded as a liability on the balance sheet in a special “Issue premium” account to which the rights of existing and new shareholders will relate. Funds received in support of subscriptions will be centralized by CIC  which will issue a certificate of deposit acknowledging the completion of the capital increase. Subscriptions for which payments have not been made will be cancelled ipso jure  without the need for formal notice.Gilbert Dupont  Groupe Société Générale  is acting as global coordinator and sole bookrunner for the Capital Increase (the “Global Coordinator and Sole Bookrunner”).GuaranteeThe Capital Increase has been the subject of a management agreement entered into on March 12  2025 between the Company and the Global Coordinator and Sole Bookrunner. The Capital Increase will not be subject to a performance guarantee within the meaning of article L. 225-145 of the French Commercial Code. Trading in the shares will therefore only start once settlement and delivery have been completed and the depositary's certificate has been issued.Settlement and delivery of the New SharesAccording to the indicative timetable for the issue  the settlement-delivery date for the ABSA is scheduled for April 4  2025.Terms and conditions of the New SharesNature and form of the shares: the New Shares to be issued as a result of the Capital Increase are ordinary shares of the Company of the same class as the existing shares.The New Shares will be subject to all the provisions of the Articles of Association.The fully paid-up shares will be held in registered or bearer form  at the option of their holders  subject to current legislation and the Company's bylaws.Application will be made for these shares to be admitted to Euroclear France.Dividend rights of the New Shares: The New Shares will carry current dividend rights and will be assimilated to the Company's existing shares.Listing of the New Shares: Application will be made for the New Shares to be listed on Euronext Growth in Paris on April 4  2025. They will not be listed until the depositary's certificate of deposit has been issued. They will be immediately assimilated to the Company's existing shares already traded on Euronext Growth in Paris and will be tradable  as from this date  on the same quotation line as these shares under the same ISIN code FR0014007ND6 - ticker ALHAF.BSA (Warrants) Terms and ConditionsWarrrants are transferable securities giving access to capital  subject to the provisions of Articles L. 228-91 et seq. of the French Commercial Code.Maximum Warrant Number: 19 999 999Detachment of the Warrants: as soon as the Capital Increase is reachedDate of issue of the Warrants: April 4  2025Form and method of account registration: Warrants will be issued in bearer form  with the exception of those issued to shareholders whose shares to which the Warrants relate are held in pure registered form  which will be issued in pure registered form.Ownership of Warrants will be established by registration in an account with the issuer or an authorized intermediary  in accordance with article L. 211-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.They will be entered in the following areas  depending on the case:CIC Market Solutions  6 avenue de Provence  75009 Paris  mandated by the Company for BSA registered in direct registered form  oran authorised intermediary for bearer Warrants.Proof of the rights of any Warrants holder will be made by registration in the holder's name in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.The transfer of ownership of Warrants will result from their registration in the account of their holder in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 431-2 of the Monetary and Financial Code.Warrants will be registered in an account and will be tradable from April 4  2025 under ISIN code FR001400Y4X9.Warrants will be admitted to trading on Euroclear France  which will be responsible for clearing securities between account holders. Settlement and delivery of the Warrants will be handled by the Euroclear France settlement system.Exercise Parity: three (3) Warrants will give its holder the right to subscribe to one share of the Company subject to any adjustment of the Exercise Parity.Fractional payments: Warrants may only be exercised up to a number of Warrant allowing the subscription of a whole number of shares.In the event that a Warrant holder does not have a sufficient number of Warrants to subscribe for a whole number of New Shares of the Company  he will have to make it his business to acquire on the market the number of Warrants necessary to subscribe for such a whole number of shares of the Company.Fractional Warrant may be sold on the market during the exercise period.Terms of exercise: the exercise of Warrant is optional for their holders.To exercise their Warrants  holders must make a request to the financial intermediary with whom their shares are registered  and pay the amount due to the Company as a result of such exercise.The subscription price of the New Shares must be paid in full in cash at the time Warrants are exercised  or by offsetting against certain  liquid and payable debts owed to the Company. CIC Market Solutions (6 avenue de Provence  75009 Paris) will centralize these transactions.Suspension of the right to exercise Warrants: in the event of a capital increase or other financial transaction involving pre-emptive subscription rights or a priority subscription period for shareholders  as well as in the event of a merger or demerger  the Company may suspend the exercise of subscription rights for a period not exceeding three months  provided that this does not prevent holders from exercising their warrants.The Company's decision to suspend the exercise of Warrants will be the subject of a notice published in leagal announcements (the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires  BALO). This notice will be published at least seven days before the date the suspension is implemented; this information will also be the subject of an opinion from Euronext Paris.Maximum number of shares that may be issued: 6 666 666 New Shares  subject to any adjustments to the Exercise Parity.Dividend rights attached to shares issued on exercise of BSA: shares issued on exercise of Warrants will carry dividend rights from the first day of the financial year in which the Warrants are exercised  and will be subject to all the provisions of the Company's bylaws and any other agreements entered into between the Company's shareholders.These New Shares will be assimilated to the Company's Existing Shares.Exercise price: €1.20 for one share at the rate of one (1) New Share for three (3) Warrants exercised corresponding to €0.40 per Warrant.Warrants will be fully released from the issue price at the time of subscription by the subscribers.Exercise period: from April 4  2026 (inclusive) to October 4  2026 (inclusive).Warrants that have not been exercised by October 4  2026 at the latest will immediately and automatically become null and void  without any further formality.There are no plans for the Company to redeem or repurchase Warrants.Early exercise option: noneRepresentation of Warrant holders: in order to defend their interests  Warrant holders will be grouped into a “mass” (group) under the conditions laid down by law. At the end of the subscription period  they will convene a special meeting  at the request of the Chairman of the Company  to appoint their representative  in accordance with Articles L. 228-47 and L. 228-103 of the French Commercial Code.The special meetings of Warrant holders will be called to authorize any changes to the terms and conditions of Warrants and to rule on any decisions affecting the subscription conditions determined at the time of the Capital Increase.However  if all BSA are held by the same holder  the sole holder exercises the powers conferred by law and these characteristics and terms and conditions on the body and the general meeting of the holders.Maintaining the rights of Warrant holders - adjustments: as an exception to Articles L. 228-98 and L. 228-100 of the French Commercial Code  the Company may  without consulting the Warrant holders' General Meeting  redeem its share capital  change the allocation of its profits or issue preference shares  provided that it has taken the necessary measures to preserve the rights of Warrant holders for as long as any Warrants are outstanding.The Company is also authorized to change its corporate form or purpose without seeking the prior authorization of the Warrant holders.In accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 228-98 and L. 228-100 of the French Commercial Code  in the event of a reduction in the Company's capital motivated by losses and carried out by the reduction of the nominal amount  the rights of the Warrant holders will be reduced accordingly  as if they had exercised them before the date on which the capital reduction became final. In the event of a capital reduction due to losses by reducing the number of shares  the rights of the Warrant holders as to the number of shares to be received upon exercise of Warrant will be reduced accordingly as if they had been shareholders from the date of issue of the Warrants.Upon completion of the following transactions: (1.) financial transactions with preferential subscription rights  (2.) free allocation of shares to shareholders  consolidation or division of shares  (3.) increase in the nominal amount of shares  (4.) distribution of cash or in-kind reserves  or bonuses  (5.) free allocation to the Company's shareholders of any financial instrument other than shares of the Company  (6.) absorption  merger  demerger  (7.) repurchase of its own shares at a price higher than the stock market price  (8.) depreciation of capital  (9.) modification of the distribution of its profits by the creation of preferred shares  which the Company may carry out as of the Capital Increase  the maintenance of the rights of the holders of Warrants will be ensured by adjusting the conditions for exercising Warrants in accordance with Articles L. 228-98 et seq. of the Commercial Code.This adjustment will be made in such a way that it equalizes the value of the securities that would have been obtained in the event of the exercise of Warrants before the completion of one of the above-mentioned transactions and the value of the securities that will be obtained in the event of an exercise after the completion of the said transaction.In the event of adjustments  the new allocation ratio will be determined to the nearest hundredth of a share (0.005 being rounded up to the next hundredth  i.e. 0.01). Any subsequent adjustments will be made on the basis of the above allocation ratio calculated and rounded in this way. However  Warrants may only give rise to the delivery of a whole number of shares  the settlement of fractional shares being specified below in the paragraph ""Settlement of fractional shares"".This adjustment will be made in accordance with the provisions of Articles R. 228-87 et seq. of the French Commercial Code by reference to the last price listed on Euronext Growth.In the event that the Company carries out transactions for which an adjustment has not been made in respect of transactions (1) to (9) specified above and where a subsequent legislation or regulation provides for an adjustment  or in the event that subsequent legislation or regulation modifies the planned adjustments  the Company will make such adjustment in accordance with the applicable laws or regulations and the practices thereof on the French market.The Board of Directors will report on the calculation elements and the results of the adjustment in the first annual report following the adjustment.Transfer: Warrants are freely transferable.Listing: Warrants will be the subject of an application for listing on Euronext Growth. They are scheduled to be listed on Euronext Growth from April 4  2025 under the ISIN code FR001400Y4X9 until October 4  2026 (inclusive)  at which time they will be delisted from Euronext Growth.The New Shares issued upon exercise of the Warrants will be subject to periodic applications for listing on Euronext Growth in Paris.Tax regime of Warrants: it is the responsibility of the holders to obtain useful advice from a counsel of their choice regarding the tax treatment of Warrants.Applicable law and competent courts : Warrants are governed by French law. Any dispute arising out of the existence  validity  interpretation or performance hereof shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the competent commercial court.Placement restrictionsThe sale of ABSA and PSR may be subject to specific regulations in certain countries.WebinarHaffner Energy’s executive team will be holding a webinar on March 13  2025 at 6:00 pm CET to discuss the current transaction and strategy. The presentation  in French  will be followed by a Q&A session. The webinar can be accessed here. A replay of the webinar will be available on the Company's website on March 14.Impact of the issuance on consolidated equity per shareEquity per share (in euros) Before ABSA issue €0.47 After 17 488 744 ABSA issue from the Capital Increase €0.45 After 19 999 999 ABSA issue from the capital increase in the event of an extension to 115% of the offer €0.045 Equity per share (in euros) with impact of warrants After 17 488 744 ABSA issue from the Capital Increase and exercise of the 17 488 744 Warrants €0.52 After 19 999 999 ABSA issue resulting from the capital increase in the event of an extension to 115% of the offer and exercise of the 19 999 999 Warrants €0.52Impact of the issue on the shareholder's positionShareholder participation (%) Before ABSA issue 1% After 17 488 744 ABSA issue from the Capital Increase 0.35% After 19 999 999 ABSA issue resulting from the capital increase in the event of maximum exercise of the extension clause 0.33% Shareholder participation (%) with BSA impact After 17 488 744 ABSA issue from the Capital Increase and exercise of the 17 488 744 BSA 0.32% After 19 999 999 ABSA issuance resulting from the capital increase in the event of maximum exercise of the extension clause and exercise of the 19 999 999 Warrants 0.30%Before the Operation After Capital Increase is fully completed Shares Capital % % voting rights Shares Capital % % voting rights Haffner Participation 17 824  000 39.88% 45.15% 20 199 000 32.48% 39.42% Eurefi 5 741 600 12.85% 14.54% 7 988 902 12.85% 14.24% Concert 23 565 600 52.73% 59.69% 28 187 902 45.33% 53.66% Cornerstone industriels 15 001 112 33.56% 33.05% 16 501 112 28.14% 29.65% Floating 5 736 238 12.83% 7.26% 16 102 680 25.90% 16.70% Held shares 390 507 0.87% 0.00% 390 507 0.63% 0 00% Total 44 693 457 100.00% 100.00% 61 182 201 100.00% 10000%Shareholder structure before and after the Operation (assuming 100% completion)Capital Increase TimelineMarch 12  2025 Board of Directors deciding on the terms of the offer March 13  2025 before market opening Publication of a press release describing the main features of the transaction and restoring equality of information.Publication by Euronext of the notice of launch of the capital increase March 14  2025 Accounting day at the end of which holders of existing shares recorded in their securities accounts will be granted preferential subscription rightsLegal publication in the BALO March 17  2025 Detachment and start of trading of preferential subscription rights on Euronext Growth Paris March 19  2025 Opening of the subscription periodBeginning of the PSR exercise period March 26  2025 End of listing of PSR on Euronext Growth Paris March 28  2025 End of PSR exercise periodEnd of subscription period April 2  2025 Publication of a press release announcing the results of subscriptions.Publication by Euronext Paris of the notice of admission of the New Shares and Warrants  indicating the final amount of the capital increase and the allocation scale for reducible subscriptions. April 4  2025Issue of New Shares and WarrantsSettlement-delivery of the transactionAdmission of the New Shares to tradingThe PSR holder's custodian may shorten the deadlines (date and time) for exercising preferential subscription rights (PSR). We remind you that account keepers must inform investors through securities transactions  and we invite investors to contact their account keeper.Pursuant to the provisions of Article L.411-2-1 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Article 211-2 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers (the AMF)  the Capital Increase does not give rise to a prospectus submitted to the AMF for approval insofar as the total amount of the offer calculated over a period of twelve months does not reach €8M. A notice to shareholders relating to this transaction will be published on March 14  2025 in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales et Obligatoires (BALO).Risk factorsThe main risk factors relating to the issue are set out below:The PSR market may offer only limited liquidity and be subject to high volatility;Shareholders who do not exercise their PSR will see their stake in the Company's capital diluted;The market price of the Company's shares could fluctuate and fall below the subscription price of the shares issued on exercise of the PSR;The volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares could fluctuate significantly;In the event of a fall in the market price of the Company's shares  PSR could lose their value.Risk factors relating to the Company are presented in the 2023-2024 management report on page 36 and in the prospectus approved by the AMF on January 28  2022 related to the Company's initial public offering.All financial information is available on the Company's website https://www.haffner-energy.com/fr/documentation-financiere/.All the information related to the Operation are available on the dedicated website.About Haffner EnergyHaffner Energy is a French company providing solutions for the production of competitive clean fuels. With 32 years of experience converting biomass into renewable energies  it has developed innovative proprietary biomass thermolysis and gasification technologies to produce renewable gas  hydrogen and methanol  as well as Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF). The company also contributes to regenerating the planet  through the co-production of biogenic CO 2 and biocarbon (or char/biochar). Haffner Energy is listed on Euronext Growth. (ISIN code: FR0014007ND6 – Ticker: ALHAF).Investor relationsinvestisseurs@haffner-energy.comMedia relationsHaffner EnergyLaure BOURDONlaure.bourdon@haffner-energy.com+33 (0) 7 87 96 35 151 As indicated in the press release of the half-year results published on December 17  2024.2 Press release of September 12  2024.3 CIC Market Solutions provides you with its Investor Relations department from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. from Monday to Friday. The service can be reached at 01.53.48.80.10 or 34318@cic.frAttachment",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.26,0.4,True,English,"['€7M Capital Increase', 'preferential subscription rights', 'Haffner Energy', 'ABSA issue', 'standing shareholders', 'new investors', 'launch', 'support', 'long', 'amount', 'first continuous production unit', 'super green” mobility-grade hydrogen', 'H 2 bois SA', 'sustainable aviation fuels', 'associated connection constraints', 'preferential subscription rights', 'Investor subscription commitments', 'strategic turning point', 'key mature sectors', 'biochar production unit', 'primary energy source', 'effective industrial-scale operation', 'several complementary markets', 'PSR negotiation period', 'Paris-Vatry SAF project', 'Subscription period', 'syngas production', 'hydrogen production', 'unit price', 'operational unit', 'Subscription price', 'key contract', 'Marolles unit', 'Subscription parity', 'Haffner Energy', 'energy conversion', 'energy ecosystem', 'ATOBA Energy', 'United States', 'Vitry-le-François', 'capital increase', 'face discount', 'closing price', 'Main terms', '1 New Share', 'FIP-FCPI schemes', 'B ter', 'Philippe Haffner', 'other things', 'decisive factor', 'firm orders', 'successful commissioning', 'training center', 'industrial maturity', 'different cycles', 'industrial decarbonization', 'renewable methanol', 'major asset', 'commercial expansion', 'demanding biofuel', 'technological capacity', 'same syngas', 'limited recourse', 'unique combination', 'different applications', 'current situation', 'critical challenges', 'one hand', 'real conditions', 'laboratory setting', 'second half', 'distribution station', 'head office', 'major advances', 'strategic partnerships', 'leading players', 'IðunnH2', 'booming sector', 'project company', '720 kg/day hydrogen', 'hydrogen sector', 'super-green” hydrogen', 'SAF Zero', 'addressable market', 'market position', '23 Existing Shares', 'SAF market', 'Initial amount', 'thermochemical process', 'sales pipeline', 'competitive biofuels', 'major delays', 'alternative technologies', 'technology demonstration', 'Exercise parity', 'Marolles site', '17,488,744 shares', 'material', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'Webinar', 'French', 'REGISTER', 'France', 'March', '8:00 a', 'CET', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'ALHAF', 'launch', 'cash', 'issuance', 'warrants', 'ABSA', 'maximum', 'event', 'extension', 'clause', 'IR-PME', 'PEA-PME', 'article', 'Founder', 'CEO', '32 years', 'experience', 'biomass', 'history', 'start', 'testing', 'world', 'costs', 'customers', 'proof', 'result', 'construction', 'electricity', 'Switzerland', 'strategy', 'case', 'time', 'IPO', 'risk', 'offering', '99.97% purity', 'impact', 'conflict', 'Ukraine', 'game-changer', 'operations', 'HRS', 'end', 'early', 'LanzaJet/LanzaTech', 'potential', 'development', 'SPV', '60,000 tons', 'spin-off', 'investments', '6:00']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49396,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3041891/0/en/Notice-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-HMS-Networks-AB.html,Notice of the Annual General Meeting of HMS Networks AB,The shareholders of HMS Networks AB (publ)  Reg. no. 556661-8954  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting  which will be held at 10.30 a.m on Thursday April 24  2025  at the HMS head office  Stationsgatan 37  Halmstad. Registration for the Annual Gen…,The shareholders of HMS Networks AB (publ)  Reg. no. 556661-8954  are hereby invited to the Annual General Meeting  which will be held at 10.30 a.m on Thursday April 24  2025  at the HMS head office  Stationsgatan 37  Halmstad. Registration for the Annual General Meeting will begin at 9.30 a.m.Right to participate in the Annual General MeetingShareholders who wish to participate in the Annual General Meeting must be registered in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB (the Swedish Central Securities Depository) on Monday April 14  2025  and give notice of their intention to participate in the Annual General Meeting no later than on Wednesday April 16  2025  preferably before 4 p.m.Notification shall be made by phone +46 (0)35 17 29 00  in writing to HMS Networks AB  ”Annual General Meeting”  P.O. Box 4126  300 04 Halmstad  Sweden or via the website: www.hms-networks.com. The notification should include name  personal ID number/CIN  address  daytime telephone number and  when applicable  information on assistants (no more than two).ProxiesIf a shareholder is represented by a proxy  a proxy should be issued with a power of attorney for the proxy. Anyone representing a legal entity must present a copy of the registration certificate  or other document demonstrating the signatory’s authority to sign for the legal entity. The power of attorney may not be more than one year old  unless a longer period of validity is stated in the power of attorney (no more than five years). The power of attorney in original and  if applicable  registration certificate must be sent to HMS Networks AB  ”Annual General Meeting”  P.O. Box 4126  300 04 Halmstad  Sweden or by email to agm@innovatics.se  well in advance of the Annual General Meeting. A form of power of attorney is available on the HMS website www.hms-networks.com and at the company’s head office.Nominee registered sharesIn order to be entitled to participate in the Annual General Meeting  a shareholder whose shares are registered in the name of a nominee must  in addition to giving notice of participation in the Annual General Meeting  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is listed in the presentation of the share register as of Monday April 14  2025. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting rights registration)  and request for such voting rights registration shall be made to the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s routines at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been made by the nominee no later than Wednesday April 16  2025  will be taken into account in the presentation of the share register.Proposed agendaOpening of the Meeting Election of Chairperson of the Meeting Preparation and approval of the voting list Approval of the agenda Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes Determination as to whether the Meeting has been duly convened Presentation of the Annual Report  Auditors’ Report and the Consolidated Accounts and Consolidated Auditors’ Report the statement by the Auditor on the compliance with the current guidelines for remuneration to senior executives the Board of Directors’ proposals according to items 14-17 Report by the CEO Resolution concerning the adoption of the Income Statement and Balance Sheet  and of the Consolidated Income Statement and Consolidated Balance Sheet the allocation of the company's profit as set forth in the adopted Balance Sheet the discharge of liability for Board Members and CEO Determination of the number of Board Members and Deputies and Auditors Determination of fees payable to Board Members and Auditor Election of Board Members Election of Auditor Resolution on approval of remuneration report Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal for remuneration to senior executives Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal for authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal for (a) implementation of a performance-based Share Saving Plan 2026-2029 for all employees  (b) authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of own shares within Share Saving Plan 2026-2029 and (c) transfer of own shares to participants in Share Saving Plan 2026-2029 Closing of the Meeting The Nomination Committee’s proposalsElection of Chairperson of the Meeting  determination of the number of Board Members and Deputies and Auditors  determination of fees payable to Board Members and Auditor and election of Board Members and election of Auditor (item 2 and 10-13)The Nomination Committee for 2025  comprising Chairperson Johan Menckel (Investment AB Latour)  Staffan Dahlström (own holding)  Sophie Larsén (AMF Fonder)  Anette Dahlberg (Första AP-fonden) and Charlotte Brogren (Chairman of the Board) proposes:that Charlotte Brogren shall be appointed Chairperson of the Annual General Meeting (item 2);that the Board of Directors shall consist of six Board Members elected by the General Meeting  without any Deputies and that a registered public accounting firm shall be elected as Auditor (item 10);that fees to the Board Members shall amount to a total of SEK 2 575 000 (2 345 000)  excluding committee fees  of which SEK 875 000 (795 000) shall be paid to the Chairperson  and SEK 340 000 (310 000) to each other Board Member elected by the General Meeting  that the fee for work in the Audit Committee shall amount to SEK 170 000 (155 000) to the Chairperson and SEK 88 000 (80 000) to each other member in the Audit Committee and that no fees shall be paid for work in other committees. The fees to the Auditor shall be paid according to approved invoices (item 11);that the Board Members Charlotte Brogren  Anders Mörck  Cecilia Wachtmeister  Niklas Edling  Anna Kleine and Johan Stakeberg shall be re-elected as Board Members  and that Charlotte Brogren shall be re-elected as Chairperson of the Board (item 12) andthat  in accordance with the Audit Committee’s recommendation  Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is re-elected as the company’s Auditor  with Johan Palmgren as auditor in charge for a mandate period of one year (item 13).Proposals from the Board of DirectorsResolution concerning the allocation of the company's profit as set forth in the adopted Balance Sheet (item 9b)The Board of Directors proposes no dividend for the 2024 financial year and that the company's available funds totaling 2 656 178 245 SEK  including the year's profit of 555 347 995 SEK  be carried forward.Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal to guidelines for remuneration to senior executives (item 15)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on the following guidelines for remuneration to senior executives. These guidelines apply to persons who  during the period of time that the guidelines are in effect  are members of HMS Networks’ group management. The guidelines are applicable to remuneration agreed and amendments to remuneration already agreed  after adoption of the guidelines by the Annual General Meeting 2024. These guidelines do not apply to any remuneration decided or approved by the general meeting.The guidelines’ promotion of HMS Networks’ business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityHMS is a market-leading supplier of solutions for industrial ICT (Information and Communication Technology). HMS’ industrial communication products enable millions of machines  such as robots  frequency converters and air conditioning equipment  to be connected to different types of systems – a necessity to meet future demands for energy efficiency and suitability. In brief  HMS’ business strategy aims to achieve profitable growth in strategic markets  focus on sustainable product development  be a global actor with local presence and to have a sustainable supply chain. A prerequisite for the successful implementation of HMS’ business strategy and to the safeguarding of its interests  including its sustainability  is that the company is able to recruit and retain qualified personnel. The objective of HMS’ remuneration policy for senior executives is therefore to offer competitive and market-based remuneration  in order to attract  motivate and retain competent and skilled employees. These guidelines enable the company to offer a competitive total remuneration. Further information regarding HMS business strategy is available at HMS’ website  www.hms-networks.com.HMS has ongoing long-term share-related incentive plans  which have been resolved by the general meeting and are therefore excluded from these guidelines. The plans comprise all employees within HMS and aims to give the employees an increased interest for the company’s operation and earnings  and to increase the motivation and affinity with the company through a long-term owner commitment. The plans further enable HMS to offer a competitive total remuneration and thereby enabling the company to recruit and retain competent personnel. The performance criteria are currently linked to profit per share. Further  the incentive plans require own investment during a certain holding period. Further information on the incentive plans is available at HMS’ website  www.hms-networks.com.Types of remuneration  etc.The remuneration to senior executives shall be market-based and may consist of fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits  as well as further variable remuneration under certain extraordinary circumstances. Additionally  the general meeting may – irrespective of these guidelines – resolve on  among other things  share-related or share price-related remuneration.Fixed cash salary shall be determined on the basis that it should be competitive together with short- and long-term incentives. The absolute amount shall be determined based on the current position and the competence  experience and performance of the individual. The fixed cash salary shall be revised annually.Variable cash remuneration shall be based on predetermined and measurable financial and non-financial objectives of the group. The measurement period for the objectives for annual variable cash remuneration shall be one year and annual variable cash remuneration may amount to a maximum of 80 percent of the fixed cash salary. In addition to annual variable cash remuneration  senior executives shall be able to receive a long-term variable cash bonus (LTI bonus) amounting to a maximum of 40 percent of the fixed cash salary each respective year in the measurement period. The LTI bonus shall be based on achieved financial and operational objectives  related to  for example  growth and operating profit  after a multi-year measurement period in three to five years. Payment of LTI bonus shall take place after the end of the measurement period and only one LTI program may be ongoing at a time.The distribution between fixed cash salary and variable cash remuneration shall be proportionate to the executive’s responsibility and authority. The objectives shall primarily relate to growth and profitability  where the relationship between these performance measures shall determine the outcome of variable cash remuneration. In addition  individual objectives may be established. The objectives shall be designed to contribute to HMS’ business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  by for example being clearly linked to the business strategy or promote the executive’s long-term development.For the CEO  pension benefits  including health insurance benefits (Sw: sjukförsäkringsförmåner) shall be premium defined. The pension premium may amount to a maximum of 35 percent of the pensionable income up to 28.5 price base amounts  and a maximum of 25 percent on exceeding part of the pensionable income.For other senior executives  pension benefits  including health insurance benefits  shall be premium defined. For Swedish senior executives  excluding the CEO  the ITP1 plan shall be applied. This means that the pension premium shall amount to a maximum of 30 percent of the pensionable income  with an upper limit of 30 income base amounts.Variable cash remuneration (STI and LTI) shall not be pensionable unless required by mandatory collective agreement provisions.Other benefits may include  for example  medical insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring)  occupational health care (Sw: företagshälsovård) and company cars. Such benefits may amount to a maximum of 10 percent of the fixed cash salary.Further variable cash remuneration may be awarded in extraordinary circumstances  for example for the purpose of recruiting or retaining executives. Such remuneration may not exceed an amount corresponding to 50 percent of the fixed cash salary and may not be paid more than once each year per individual. Any resolution on such remuneration shall be made by the Board of Directors based on a proposal from the Remuneration Committee.For employments governed by rules other than Swedish  pension benefits and other benefits may be duly adjusted for compliance with mandatory rules or established local practice  taking into account  to the extent possible  the overall purpose of these guidelines.The satisfaction of criteria for awarding variable remuneration  etc.The Remuneration Committee shall prepare  monitor and evaluate matters related to variable cash remuneration for the Board of Directors. To the extent the criteria for awarding variable cash remuneration has been satisfied  shall be determined when the measurement period has ended. Assessments of whether financial objectives have been met  shall be based on established financial information for the period. Remuneration to the CEO is decided by the Board of Directors  based on a proposal from the Remuneration Committee. Remuneration to other senior executives is decided by the CEO after consultation with the Remuneration Committee.Variable cash remuneration may be paid after the measurement period has ended or be subject to deferred payment. The Board of Directors shall have the possibility  under applicable law or contractual provisions  to in whole or in part reclaim variable remuneration paid on incorrect grounds (claw-back).Termination of employmentSenior executives shall be employed until further notice. For the CEO  there shall be a mutual notice period of six months. If notice of termination of employment of the CEO is made by the company  a severance pay corresponding to a maximum of twelve months fixed cash salary may be paid. Other income should not be deducted from the severance pay. If notice of termination of employment is made by the CEO  severance pay should not be paid. Between the company and other senior executives  there shall be a mutual notice period of six months  without any right to severance pay.Senior executives may be compensated for a non-compete undertaking after the termination of the employment  however  only to the extent severance pay is not paid during the same period of time. Such remuneration is intended to compensate the senior executive for the difference between the fixed cash salary at the time of termination of the employment  and the (lower) income obtained  or could be obtained  by a new employment agreement  assignment or own business. The remuneration may be paid during the period the non-compete undertaking is applicable  and no longer than a period of twelve months after the termination of the employment.Salary and employment conditions for employeesIn the preparation of the Board of Directors’ proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salary and employment conditions for employees of HMS have been taken into account by including information on the employees’ total income  the components of the remuneration and increase and growth rate over time  in the Remuneration Committee’s and the Board of Directors’ basis of decision when evaluating whether the guidelines and the limitations set out herein are reasonable.The decision-making process to determine  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board of Directors has established a Remuneration Committee. The committee’s tasks include preparing the Board of Directors’ decision to propose guidelines for executive remuneration. The Board of Directors shall prepare a proposal for new guidelines at least every fourth year and submit it to the general meeting. The guidelines shall be in force until new guidelines are adopted by the general meeting. The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programs for variable remuneration for the executive management  the application of the guidelines for executive remuneration as well as the current remuneration structures and compensation levels in HMS. The members of the Remuneration Committee are independent in of the company and its executive management. The CEO and other members of the executive management do not participate in the Board of Directors’ processing of and resolutions regarding remuneration-related matters in so far as they are affected by such matters.Derogation from the guidelinesThe Board of Directors may temporarily resolve to derogate from the guidelines  in whole or in part if in a specific case there is special cause for the derogation and a derogation is necessary to serveHMS’ long-term interests  including its sustainability  or to ensure HMS’ financial viability. As set out above  the Remuneration Committee’s tasks include preparing the Board of Directors’ resolutions in remuneration-related matters. This includes any resolutions to derogate from the guidelines.Description of significant changes to the guidelines and comments from shareholdersIn relation to the current guidelines  resolved by the Annual General Meeting 2024  the proposal for the Annual General Meeting 2025 entails that clarification has been made regarding pensions on variable remuneration for Swedish senior executives  and regarding additional variable cash remuneration. The Board of Directors has not received any comments from shareholders on the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives.Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal for authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues (item 16)The Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues in accordance with the following conditions:The authorisation may be exercised on one or several occasions up to the Annual General Meeting 2026.Issues may be made of such number of shares that corresponds to a maximum of 10 per cent of the company’s share capital on the date when the authorisation is utilised for the first time.An issue may be made with or without deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right.An issue may be made against cash payment  by set-off or by contribution in kind.The subscription price shall  at deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right  be determined in accordance with market practice. The Board of Directors shall be entitled to determine other terms of the issue.The purpose of the authorisation  and the reason for the deviation from the shareholders’ preferential right  is to enable the company to finance or carry out  in whole or in part  acquisitions of companies.Under the Swedish Companies Act  the resolution of the General Meeting on authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on new share issues requires the support of shareholders representing at least two-thirds of both the number of votes cast and the shares represented at the Meeting in order to be valid.Resolution on the Board of Directors’ proposal on (a) implementation of a performance-based Share Saving Plan 2026-2029 for all employees  (b) authorisation of the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of own shares within Share Saving Plan 2026-2029 and (c) transfer of own shares to participants in Share Saving Plan 2026-2029 (item 17)A. Implementation of performance-based Share Saving Plan 2026-2029 for all employeesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on implementation of the below described Share Saving Plan 2026-2029 to all employees  comprising a maximum of 60 000 shares in the company  according to the following principal conditions:Employees within the group as per 31 December 2025 (approximately 1 150 persons) will be offered to participate in the program. In order to participate in the program  the participant must  with own funds  make an investment of minimum 1% and maximum between 3% and 6% (depending on position  se item 2 below) of his or her annual fixed gross salary in shares in the company at market price over Nasdaq Stockholm (“Saving Shares”). Notification of participation in Share Saving Program 2026-2029 shall be made no later than 31 December 2025. The investment shall take place during 2026 and shall be made to an amount corresponding to minimum 1% of the gross salary for 2025  with the possibility to further investment up to the fixed maximum amount.For senior executives (approximately 120 persons)  it is required that the own investment amounts to a minimum of 1% and a maximum of 6% of the gross salary for 2025. For other employees (approximately 1 030 persons)  it is required that the own investment amounts to a minimum of 1% and maximum of 3% of the gross salary for 2025.Each Saving Share entitles the participant to receive free of charge a maximum of two (2) shares in the company  based on the achievement of certain performance conditions (“Performance Share”). The performance conditions are based on the development of earnings per share according to determined objectives by the Board of Directors during the financial years 2027-2029 (the “Measurement Period”). The performance condition that must be achieved of exceeded relates to average annual growth of the company’s earnings per share during the Measurement Period  whereby Performance Shares is received linearly between the interval 0-20% and an average annual growth during the Measurement Period of 20% corresponds to maximum allotment  i.e. two (2) Performance Shares. Through the connection to earnings per share throughout the measurement period  the performance conditions contribute to the company’s long-term value creation.Upon achievement of the performance conditions  Performance Shares will be received within 60 days after the day of the publishing of the year-end report regarding the financial year 2029. Subject to customary exceptions  the participant does not receive Performance Shares if the participant does not acquire Saving Shares according to determined minimum level  does not hold all his or her Saving Shares up to and including 31 December 2029  or does not remain in his or her employment or equivalent within the group as per this date.A small number of selected consultants with assignments of essential importance for the company should be offered to  on comparable terms and conditions  participate in Share Saving Plan 2026-2029.The Board of Directors shall be responsible for the detailed terms and conditions of Share Saving Plan 2026-2029 within the scope the above stated principal terms and conditions  as well as such reasonable adjustments of the program which are deemed appropriate or efficient due to legal or administrative conditions. In addition  the Board of Directors shall have the right to make minor adjustments to the terms and conditions and the administration of the share saving plan  in order to comply with local rules  market practice and administrative circumstances  in a cost-effective manner in some of the group's jurisdictions other than Sweden.B. Authorisation for the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of own shares within Share Saving Plan 2026-2029To enable the company’s delivery of Performance Shares according to Share Saving Plan 2026-2029  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to authorise the Board of Directors to resolve on repurchase of own shares in accordance with the following conditions:The repurchase of shares shall take place on Nasdaq Stockholm.The authorisation may be exercised on one or several occasions until the Annual General Meeting 2026.The repurchase shall as a maximum comprise the number of shares required for delivery of Performance Shares to the participants in Share Saving Plan 2026-2029  however no more than 60 000 shares.Repurchase shall be made at a price within the share price interval registered from time to time  where share price interval means the difference between the highest buying price and the lowest selling price.Payment of the repurchased shares shall be made in cash.The Board of Directors shall have the right to resolve on other terms and conditions for the repurchase.The repurchase is expected to take place on one or several occasions in conjunction with the notification and investment periods during 2025 and 2026. To the extent that repurchase must be made after the Annual General Meeting 2026 in order to ensure delivery of shares according to the program’s maximum amount  a new authorisation for repurchase of shares is required by the next Annual General Meeting.C. Transfer of own shares to participants in the Share Saving Plan 2026-2029To be able to deliver Performance Shares under Share Saving Plan 2026-2029  the Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on transfer of own shares in accordance with the following conditions:A maximum number of 60 000 shares may be transferred free of charge to participants in Share Saving Plan 2026-2029.With deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  the right to acquire shares free of charge shall comprise persons within the group participating in Share Saving Plan 2026-2029  with a right for each of the participant to acquire the maximum number of shares stipulated in the terms and conditions of the Share Saving Plan 2026-2029.Transfer of shares shall be made free of charge at the time for  and according to the terms for  the allotment of shares to participants in Share Saving Plan 2026-2029.The number of shares that may be transferred under Share Saving Plan 2026-2029 may be recalculated due to any intervening split or reverse share split  bonus issue  preferential issue and/or similar corporate actions.The reason for deviation from the shareholders' preferential rights is to enable the company to transfer Performance Shares to the participants in Share Saving Plan 2026-2029.Shares that have been acquired by the company  and which are not transferred to participants in the Share Saving Plan 2026-2029 may be transferred to participants in previous share saving plans or future share saving plans decided on by the General Meeting of the company. Also  such shares acquired by the company within previous years' share saving plans may be transferred to participants in the Share Saving Plan 2026-2029  previous share saving plans or future share saving plans decided on by the General Meeting. Transfer shall take place in accordance with applicable rules for the current share saving plan.Estimated costsThe program will generate costs related to the application of IFRS 2 “Share-related remuneration” amounting to approximately m 23 SEK and costs for social security contributions of approximately m 7 SEK for the shares which are allotted free of charge. The total effect on the income statement is estimated to amount to approximately m 30 SEK  distributed over the years 2026-2029.Costs according to IFRS 2 do not affect the cash flow or equity during the duration of the Share Saving Plan. The acquisition cost of the shares is estimated to approximately m 23 SEK and will affect the cash flow and equity in connection with acquisition of the shares. The social security contributions effect the equity continuously  but the cash flow only in 2030  after that the shares has been allotted. Administrative costs for the program are estimated to amount to m 0.8 SEK during the duration of the program.The above cost-estimate is based on assumptions that just over half of the employees participate in the program  that all participants remain until the end of the program  an investment level per participant based on historical outcome and a maximum outcome on the performance conditions corresponding to two (2) Performance Shares per Saving Share. For the share price at the end of the program  a development corresponding to the outcome of the performance condition earnings per share has been assumed.Reason for the proposalThe Board of Directors’ reason for the abovementioned proposal on Share Saving Plan 2026-2029 is that a personal long-term owner commitment in the company by the employees is expected to stimulate an increased interest for the company’s operation and earnings  and to increase the motivation and affinity with the company. The offering and participation in the Share Saving Plan shall be considered as a part of the total remuneration package. Therefore  the Board of Directors assesses that the Share Saving Plan is favourably for both the company and its shareholders. It is the Board of Directors’ intention to annually return to the Annual General Meeting with proposals for share saving plans with equivalent conditions and effects. In case the conditions for the assumptions on number of employees that may be offered to participate in the share saving program or otherwise that is the basis for the calculations of the maximum size of the program change  the Board of Directors’ intends to return with a supplementary proposal to the Annual General Meeting 2026 regarding repurchase and transfer of own shares within Share Saving Plan 2026-2029  in order to ensure that employees as per 31 December 2025 who wish to participate in the program can do so.Effects on key ratiosAs per the date of the Board of Directors’ proposal  the number of shares in the company amounts to 50 318 868. The Share Saving Plan 2026-2029 is expected to result in acquisition and transfer of a total of approximately 60 000 shares  which corresponds to approximately 0.12% of the total number of outstanding shares and votes. The key ratio earnings per share is not expected to be affected substantially.Majority resolutionDecision on the Board of Directors’ proposal under items A  B and C shall be made as a joint decision. The proposal  to be valid  must be supported by shareholders holding at least nine-tenths of both the number of votes cast  as well as of the number of shares represented at the meeting.Shareholders’ right to receive informationThe Board of Directors and CEO shall at the Annual General Meeting  if any shareholder so requests and the Board of Directors believes that it can be done without material harm to the company  provide information regarding circumstances that may affect the assessment of an item on the agenda  circumstances that may affect the assessment of the company’s or its subsidiaries’ financial situation and the company’s relation to another company within the group.Available documentsThe Nomination Committee’s reasoned statement and form of power of attorney are available at the company and on the company’s website  www.hms-networks.com.The Annual Report and Auditor’s Report for the parent company and the group for the 2024 financial year and the Board of Directors complete proposal regarding items 14-17 and the Auditors’ statement on whether the current guidelines for remuneration to senior executives have been complied with  will be available at the company and on the company’s website  www.hms-networks.com   no later than April 3  2025.The documents will be sent free of charge to shareholders who so request and state their postal address. A printed version of the Annual Report may be received by sending address details to reception@hms.se.Number of shares and votes in the companyAs per March 18  2025  the total number of shares and votes in the company amounts to 50 318 868. As of the same date  the company’s holding of own shares amounts to 134 370 which do not entitle to any voting right as long as the company is the holder of the shares.Processing of personal dataFor information on processing of personal data  see https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.If you have questions regarding our processing of your personal data  you can contact us by emailing dataprotection@hms-networks.com. HMS Networks AB (publ) has company registration number 556661-8954 and the Board of Directors’ registered office is in Halmstad.....................................................Halmstad  March 2025HMS Networks AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsFor more information please contact:CEO Staffan Dahlström  phone: +46-35-17 29 01CFO Joakim Nideborn  phone: +46-35-710 69 83HMS Networks AB (publ) is a market-leading provider of solutions in Industrial Information and Communication Technology (Industrial ICT) and employs over 1 100 people. Local sales and support are handled through over 20 sales offices all over the world  as well as through a wide network of distributors and partners. HMS reported sales of SEK 3 059 million in 2024 and is listed on the NASDAQ OMX in Stockholm in the Large Cap segment and Telecommunications sector.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.04,0.95,0.0,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'HMS Networks AB', 'Notice', 'Swedish Central Securities Depository', 'registered public accounting fi', 'new share issues Resolution', 'performance-based Share Saving Plan', 'P.O. Box', 'The Nomination Committee', 'Investment AB Latour', 'Staffan Dahlström', 'Sophie Larsén', 'Första AP-fonden', 'HMS Networks AB', 'Voting rights registrations', 'Annual General Meeting', 'HMS head office', 'senior executives Resolution', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'daytime telephone number', 'Chairperson Johan Menckel', 'Consolidated Balance Sheet', 'Consolidated Income Statement', 'remuneration report Resolution', 'six Board Members', 'Nominee registered shares', 'Annual Report', 'share register', 'voting list', 'Consolidated Accounts', 'Meeting Preparation', 'HMS website', 'CEO Resolution', 'Auditor Resolution', 'registration certificate', 'Such registration', 'legal entity', 'other document', 'longer period', 'five years', 'innovatics.se', 'two persons', 'current guidelines', 'AMF Fonder', 'Anette Dahlberg', 'Charlotte Brogren', 'Meeting Election', 'Auditors’ Report', 'Wednesday April', 'Directors’ proposal', 'minutes Determination', 'Monday April', 'agenda Election', 'Auditor Election', 'proposals', 'shareholders', 'Reg.', 'Thursday', 'Stationsgatan', 'Halmstad', '9.30 a', 'notice', 'intention', 'Notification', 'writing', 'hms-networks', 'name', 'CIN', 'address', 'information', 'assistants', 'Proxies', 'proxy', 'power', 'attorney', 'Anyone', 'copy', 'signatory', 'authority', 'validity', 'original', 'email', 'agm', 'advance', 'company', 'order', 'addition', 'participation', 'presentation', 'request', 'accordance', 'routines', 'Opening', 'approval', 'compliance', 'items', 'adoption', 'allocation', 'profit', 'discharge', 'liability', 'Deputies', 'fees', 'authorisation', 'implementation', 'employees', 'repurchase', 'transfer', 'participants', 'Closing', 'holding', 'Chairman', '10.30', '4']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49397,Euroclear,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/conditions-riksbank-auctions-government-bonds-152000963.html,CONDITIONS FOR RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS,SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1062  SE0013935319  2031-05-12Bid date2025-03-21Bid times09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid dateOffered volume (corresponding nominal amount)1060: 1400 million SEK +/-1400 million S,Sveriges RiksbankBid procedure  2025-03-21 Bonds SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1060. SE0009496367. 2028-05-12SWEDISH GOVERNMENT: 1062  SE0013935319  2031-05-12Bid date 2025-03-21 Bid times 09.00-10.00 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Offered volume (corresponding nominal amount) 1060: 1400 million SEK +/-1400 million SEK1062: 1300 million SEK +/-1300 million SEKHighest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) 1060: 1400 million SEK per bid1062: 1300 million SEK per bidLowest permitted bid volume (corresponding nominal amount) SEK 10 million per bid Expected allocation time Not later than 10.15 (CET/CEST) on the Bid date Delivery and payment date 2025-03-25 Settlement amount To be paid to the Riksbank's account in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities settlement system SWIFT: VPCSSESSXXX Account: 1 4948 6383 CTM BIC: RIKSSESS ALERT acronym: RIKSBANKStockholm  2025-03-14This is a translation of the special terms and conditions published on www.riksbank.se. In the case of any inconsistency between the English translation and the Swedish language version  the Swedish language version shall prevail. Complete terms and conditions can be retrieved at www.riksbank.se.,neutral,0.01,0.83,0.16,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,True,English,"['RIKSBANK AUCTIONS GOVERNMENT BONDS', 'CONDITIONS', 'Highest permitted bid volume', 'Lowest permitted bid volume', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'RIKSSESS ALERT acronym', 'corresponding nominal amount', 'securities settlement system', 'Swedish language version', 'Bid date Delivery', 'Settlement amount', 'SWEDISH GOVERNMENT', 'payment date', 'Bid procedure', 'Bid times', '1400 million SEK', '1300 million SEK', 'CTM BIC', 'special terms', 'Complete terms', 'VPCSSESSXXX Account', 'English translation', 'Sveriges Riksbank', '21 Bonds', 'allocation', 'Stockholm', 'conditions', 'case', 'inconsistency']",2025-03-14,2025-03-14,uk.finance.yahoo.com
49398,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://bitcoinist.com/crypto-banking-battle-europe-outpaces-us-amid-regulatory-chaos/,Crypto Banking Battle: Europe Outpaces US Amid Regulatory Chaos,Europe appears to be leading the way in the financial industry’s transition to crypto. Institutions throughout Europe are responding to the United States’ crackdown on crypto-friendly banks by enhancing their efforts to foster a more hospitable environment fo…,Trusted Editorial content  reviewed by leading industry experts and seasoned editors. content  reviewed by leading industry experts and seasoned editors. Ad DisclosureEurope appears to be leading the way in the financial industry’s transition to crypto. Institutions throughout Europe are responding to the United States’ crackdown on crypto-friendly banks by enhancing their efforts to foster a more hospitable environment for digital assets.According to recent data  Europe is now home to over 50 institutions that provide crypto services  a figure that surpasses that of both Asia and North America.Regulations Provide A Clearer PathThe regulatory clarity of Europe is a significant factor contributing to its increasing involvement in crypto banking. With the implementation of the Markets in Crypto-Assets (MiCA) framework by the European Union  enterprises involved in cryptocurrencies are subject to clear laws. This gives organizations the confidence to offer services without worrying about unforeseen legal changes.On the other hand  the US has taken a different approach. The recent closures of Silvergate Bank and Signature Bank  two banks known for their backing of cryptocurrency companies  have left a hole in the American market. Currently  many US-based cryptocurrency companies are looking to other nations for financial solutions.Europe is leading the world in terms of crypto-friendly banks 🏦 While the U.S. OCC just issued guidance allowing banks to engage in crypto services such as custody or stablecoin services  European banks are already years ahead. BBVA Spain is the latest example  announcing… pic.twitter.com/2FRr38FA2k — Patrick Hansen (@paddi_hansen) March 11  2025Europe is leading the globe in terms of crypto-friendly banks  said Patrick Hansen  EU Strategy and Policy Advisor at Circle  in a recent X post. Europe has quietly established itself as the unchallenged leader in the digital currency market  while major powers like the United States try to gain a firm presence in the field through banking partnerships.Numbers Show Europe Pulling AheadData from Coincub indicates that there is an increasing level of division. Asia has only 24 banks that support Bitcoin and other related assets  while Europe has 55 banks that do. As regulatory pressures intensify  North America  which was previously a hub for Bitcoin-friendly banks  is now lagging behind.Lack of trustworthy banking partners is making US crypto companies struggle with capital management and payment processing. Some have already started moving their business to areas with better laws. Europe’s approach  stressing control over limitation  is proving appealing.Traditional Institutions Get InvolvedEstablished financial institutions in Europe are also getting into the mix. A major player in the financial markets  Deutsche Boerse’s Clearstream is now developing services for bitcoin custody and settlement. This move indicates that traditional financial institutions are looking to serve institutional investors since they understand the possibilities of digital assets.As of today  the market cap of cryptocurrencies stood at $2.63 trillion. Chart: TradingViewMeanwhile  American institutions continue to exhibit caution. Due to regulatory scrutiny  numerous individuals are refraining from investing in digital currency. The result? A growing disparity between the United States and Europe in terms of the number of financial institutions that are willing to provide services to the industry.The Road Ahead For EuropeEurope is becoming a center for digital banking as more institutions get involved and regulations become clearer. On the other hand  the US has yet to lay down a clear framework on how banks should deal with digital assets. If policies don’t change  American companies may continue to be behind their European competitors.Featured image from Gemini Imagen  chart from TradingView,neutral,0.0,0.8,0.2,positive,0.76,0.23,0.0,True,English,"['Crypto Banking Battle', 'Regulatory Chaos', 'Europe', 'US', 'many US-based cryptocurrency companies', 'unforeseen legal changes', 'U.S. OCC', 'recent X post', 'leading industry experts', 'trustworthy banking partners', 'Trusted Editorial content', 'United States’ crackdown', 'other related assets', 'digital currency market', 'US crypto companies', 'traditional financial institutions', 'American companies', 'financial industry', 'digital assets', 'digital banking', 'recent closures', 'American market', 'market cap', 'crypto banking', 'other hand', 'other nations', 'banking partnerships', 'Traditional Institutions', 'financial solutions', 'seasoned editors', 'Ad Disclosure', 'hospitable environment', 'North America', 'Clearer Path', 'regulatory clarity', 'significant factor', 'increasing involvement', 'MiCA) framework', 'European Union', 'Silvergate Bank', 'Signature Bank', 'BBVA Spain', 'latest example', 'Patrick Hansen', 'EU Strategy', 'Policy Advisor', 'unchallenged leader', 'major powers', 'firm presence', 'increasing level', 'regulatory pressures', 'capital management', 'payment processing', 'major player', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'institutional investors', 'regulatory scrutiny', 'numerous individuals', 'growing disparity', 'The Road', 'clear framework', 'European competitors', 'Featured image', 'Gemini Imagen', 'recent data', 'American institutions', 'financial markets', 'crypto-friendly banks', 'two banks', 'European banks', 'Bitcoin-friendly banks', 'crypto services', 'clear laws', 'different approach', 'stablecoin services', 'bitcoin custody', '50 institutions', '24 banks', '55 banks', 'way', 'transition', 'efforts', 'figure', 'Asia', 'Regulations', 'implementation', 'Crypto-Assets', 'enterprises', 'cryptocurrencies', 'organizations', 'confidence', 'backing', 'hole', 'world', 'terms', 'guidance', 'FRr38FA2k', 'paddi_hansen', 'March', 'globe', 'Circle', 'field', 'Numbers', 'Coincub', 'division', 'hub', 'Lack', 'business', 'areas', 'control', 'limitation', 'mix', 'Clearstream', 'settlement', 'move', 'possibilities', 'today', 'Chart', 'TradingView', 'caution', 'result', 'center', 'policies']",2025-03-12,2025-03-14,bitcoinist.com
49399,Clearstream,Bing API,https://www.waterstechnology.com/trading-tech/7952324/overnight-trading-blocked-consolidated-tapes-blackrocks-larry-fink-data-costs-and-more,Overnight trading blocked  consolidated tapes  BlackRock’s Larry Fink  data costs  and more,Deutsche Börse provides crypto custody  FIS has a new GenAI tool  and some M&A activity in this week’s news round-up.,It’s been a juicy week  in part  due to our reporter Nyela Graham’s efforts at this year’s FIA Boca conference. A lot was said and less was done about overnight trading  but we have some updates on the EU and UK consolidated tapes. Let’s go.Announced this weekDeutsche Börse provides institutional clients access to crypto assetsDeutsche Börse Group through Clearstream and Crypto Finance  both of which are under its group  will provide a new crypto custody offering for institutional investors in,neutral,0.01,0.71,0.28,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['Overnight trading', 'consolidated tapes', 'Larry Fink', 'data costs', 'BlackRock', 'new crypto custody offering', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'reporter Nyela Graham', 'FIA Boca conference', 'UK consolidated tapes', 'institutional clients access', 'crypto assets', 'Crypto Finance', 'institutional investors', 'juicy week', 'overnight trading', 'part', 'efforts', 'year', 'lot', 'updates', 'Clearstream']",2025-03-14,2025-03-14,waterstechnology.com
49400,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.waterstechnology.com/trading-tech/7952324/overnight-trading-blocked-consolidated-tapes-blackrocks-larry-fink-data-costs-and-more,Overnight trading blocked  consolidated tapes  BlackRock’s Larry Fink  data costs  and more,Deutsche Börse provides crypto custody  FIS has a new GenAI tool  and some M&A activity in this week’s news round-up.,It’s been a juicy week  in part  due to our reporter Nyela Graham’s efforts at this year’s FIA Boca conference. A lot was said and less was done about overnight trading  but we have some updates on the EU and UK consolidated tapes. Let’s go.Announced this weekDeutsche Börse provides institutional clients access to crypto assetsDeutsche Börse Group through Clearstream and Crypto Finance  both of which are under its group  will provide a new crypto custody offering for institutional investors in,neutral,0.01,0.71,0.28,neutral,0.08,0.91,0.01,True,English,"['Overnight trading', 'consolidated tapes', 'Larry Fink', 'data costs', 'BlackRock', 'new crypto custody offering', 'Deutsche Börse Group', 'reporter Nyela Graham', 'FIA Boca conference', 'UK consolidated tapes', 'institutional clients access', 'crypto assets', 'Crypto Finance', 'institutional investors', 'juicy week', 'overnight trading', 'part', 'efforts', 'year', 'lot', 'updates', 'Clearstream']",2025-03-14,2025-03-14,waterstechnology.com
49401,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3041887/0/en/Quadient-Maintains-Leader-Position-on-Aspire-Leaderboard-for-Customer-Communications-and-Interaction-Experience-Software.html,Quadient Maintains Leader Position on Aspire Leaderboard for Customer Communications and Interaction Experience Software,Paris  Quadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a global automation platform powering secure and sustainable business connections  announced today it has...,ParisQuadient (Euronext Paris: QDT)  a global automation platform powering secure and sustainable business connections  announced today it has maintained its leadership position on the Aspire Leaderboard. Produced by independent advisory firm Aspire CCS  the Aspire Leaderboard highlights and compares vendors in the customer communications management (CCM) and customer experience management software space. It is updated in real-time as vendors release enhancements and adjust strategies.Quadient  which has been a consistent Leader on the Aspire Leaderboard  recently saw its score increase on “overall strategy” and “ability to execute ” and remains a Leader in 2025 in four market segments of the Leaderboard: AnyPrem CCM Software  Vendor Hosted SaaS CCM  Communications Experience Platform and Interaction Experience Management.“Quadient won large deals in healthcare and insurance and has been emphasizing the automation of core processes – particularly using AI – as well as applying new innovations in e-invoicing and Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) ” said Kaspar Roos  CEO and founder of Aspire CCS. “Quadient has also been actively working to transition customers from legacy systems through its InspireXpress platform and competitor-specific conversion tools. In both of the company’s CCM solutions  Quadient Inspire Evolve and in the latest upcoming Quadient Inspire Flex release  Quadient is offering a ‘bring your own’ AI model approach that enhances customer safety by leveraging the customer’s vetted  trained AI service.”Quadient is an industry leading and long-standing trusted CCM solution provider  with its high-performance platform  Quadient Inspire  enabling organizations of all sizes to design  create and deliver omnichannel on-demand and batch customer communications. Quadient Inspire has transformed the customer experience for thousands of companies worldwide  flexible enough to handle the most complex  high-volume production jobs of regulatory-driven industries while delivering hyper-personalized  dynamic digital interactions across digital and print channels.“We are proud to maintain our Leader position on the Aspire Leaderboard and believe this demonstrates Quadient’s commitment to continuous innovation in an ever-evolving customer communications landscape ” said Chris Hartigan  chief solution officer  Digital Automation at Quadient. “Harnessing the power of AI  Quadient Inspire helps businesses deliver meaningful  timely in-the-moment digital interactions and experiences through sentiment analysis and optimization  AI-assisted authoring  auto-generation of translated touchpoints in targeted languages and more.”Aspire DisclaimerThe Aspire Leaderboard™ is copyrighted by Aspire Customer Communications Services Ltd. and is based on the findings and opinions of Aspire’s consultancy organization. Aspire does not endorse any vendor  product or service included in the Aspire Leaderboard.About AspireAspire Customer Communications Services is a boutique consulting firm specializing in the Customer Communications Management (CCM)  Customer Experience Management (CXM)  and Customer Journey Management (CJM) industries. Through deep market expertise and global insights  Aspire works with Software  Services and Solution providers  and Business Advisories and Private Equity Firms to help them achieve their CCM goals. Find more information about how Aspire is helping organizations navigate the complexities of the customer communications world at http://www.aspireccs.com.About Quadient®Quadient is a global automation platform powering secure and sustainable business connections through digital and physical channels. Quadient supports businesses of all sizes in their digital transformation and growth journey  unlocking operational efficiency and creating meaningful customer experiences. Listed in compartment B of Euronext Paris (QDT) and part of the CAC® Mid & Small and EnterNext® Tech 40 indices  Quadient shares are eligible for PEA-PME investing. For more information about Quadient  visit www.quadient.com.ContactsSandy Armstrong  Sterling Kilgore Joe Scolaro  Quadient Director of Media & Communications Global Press Relations Manager +1-630-699-8979 +1 203-301-3673 sarmstrong@sterlingkilgore.com j.scolaro@quadient.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.94,0.01,True,English,"['Quadient Maintains Leader Position', 'Interaction Experience Software', 'Aspire Leaderboard', 'Customer Communications', 'latest upcoming Quadient Inspire Flex release', 'standing trusted CCM solution provider', 'customer experience management software space', 'Aspire Customer Communications Services Ltd', 'complex, high-volume production jobs', 'Global Press Relations Manager', 'Sterling Kilgore Joe Scolaro', 'evolving customer communications landscape', 'hyper-personalized, dynamic digital interactions', 'customer communications management', 'Interaction Experience Management', 'customer communications world', 'batch customer communications', 'chief solution officer', 'Communications Experience Platform', 'independent advisory firm', 'four market segments', 'Electronic Data Interchange', 'competitor-specific conversion tools', 'boutique consulting firm', 'deep market expertise', 'Private Equity Firms', 'EnterNext® Tech 40 indices', 'Customer Journey Management', 'sustainable business connections', 'AnyPrem CCM Software', 'global automation platform', 'Quadient Inspire Evolve', 'AI model approach', 'meaningful customer experiences', 'The Aspire Leaderboard™', 'Solution providers', 'customer safety', 'global insights', 'Business Advisories', 'InspireXpress platform', 'high-performance platform', 'growth journey', 'SaaS CCM', 'CCM solutions', 'CCM goals', 'Digital Automation', 'Aspire CCS', 'Aspire Disclaimer', 'leadership position', 'score increase', 'overall strategy', 'large deals', 'core processes', 'new innovations', 'Kaspar Roos', 'legacy systems', 'industry leading', 'regulatory-driven industries', 'print channels', 'continuous innovation', 'Chris Hartigan', 'sentiment analysis', 'AI-assisted authoring', 'targeted languages', 'consultancy organization', 'CJM) industries', 'physical channels', 'digital transformation', 'operational efficiency', 'compartment B', 'CAC® Mid', 'PEA-PME investing', 'Sandy Armstrong', 'Euronext Paris', 'consistent Leader', 'Leader position', 'Quadient shares', 'Quadient Director', 'Vendor Hosted', 'AI service', 'Quadient®', 'QDT', 'secure', 'vendors', 'real-time', 'enhancements', 'strategies', 'ability', 'healthcare', 'insurance', 'EDI', 'CEO', 'founder', 'customers', 'company', 'vetted', 'long', 'organizations', 'sizes', 'omnichannel', 'demand', 'thousands', 'companies', 'commitment', 'power', 'businesses', 'moment', 'optimization', 'auto-generation', 'touchpoints', 'findings', 'opinions', 'CXM', 'information', 'complexities', 'aspireccs', 'Small', 'Contacts', 'sterlingkilgore', 'Attachment']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49402,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3041875/0/en/Euronext-scales-up-its-SaaS-offering-with-the-acquisition-of-Admincontrol.html,Euronext scales up its SaaS offering with the acquisition of Admincontrol,Euronext scales up its SaaS offering with the acquisition of Admincontrol        Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 13 March...,"Euronext scales up its SaaS offering with the acquisition of AdmincontrolAmsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 13 March 2025 – Euronext announces that it has entered into a definitive agreement with Visma to acquire 100% of Admincontrol  a leading provider of governance and secure collaboration Software as a Service (SaaS) solutions in the Nordics and in the UK.On 8 November 2024  as part of its “Innovate for Growth 2027” strategic plan  Euronext outlined its ambition to scale up its SaaS offering and increase Euronext’s share of subscription-based revenues. Euronext significantly accelerates this strategic ambition through the contemplated acquisition of Admincontrol. This acquisition strengthens the development of Euronext Corporate Solutions in the Nordics and in the UK. It more than doubles the size of the Euronext governance offering and broadens capabilities with state-of-the art solutions addressing mission-critical workflows.Founded in 2005 and headquartered in Oslo  Admincontrol offers a leading governance and secure collaboration platform providing mission-critical board management software and transaction management solutions  designed to support effective decision-making processes and collaboration for over 4 000 clients and 200 000 users across organisational structures. Admincontrol has seen double-digit annual growth over the last five years and recorded NOK 452 million (€39 million1) of revenues and NOK 200 million of EBITDA (€17 million1 and 44% EBITDA margin) in the year to 31 December 20242. Admincontrol’s product offering and geographic coverage are highly complementary to Euronext Corporate Solutions’ business  making it an ideal strategic fit to accelerate new client acquisition and cross-selling opportunities. Admincontrol’s strong footprint in the Nordics will allow Euronext to further increase its presence in the region  following the acquisition of Euronext Oslo Børs  Nord Pool  Insiderlog  Euronext Securities Copenhagen and Euronext Securities Oslo  and the recently announced expansion in Nordic power futures.The transaction will be paid in cash and amounts to an enterprise value of NOK 4 650 million (€398 million1). The transaction complies with Euronext’s capital allocation policy  with a ROCE expected to exceed WACC between years three to five after closing. Completion of the transaction is expected by Q2 2025  subject to receipt of customary regulatory approvals.Euronext Corporate Solutions  a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Euronext Group  is a leading European B2B SaaS and service provider in the fields of governance  compliance  and investor relations. Established in 2016 to support listed companies in leveraging capital markets effectively  it now empowers 5 000 clients - issuers  private and public organisations - across 30 countries with innovative SaaS solutions and tailored advisory services. Euronext Corporate solutions saw double-digit annual growth over the last strategic cycle “Growth for Impact 2024” and recorded €50 million of revenue in 2024.Stéphane Boujnah  CEO of Euronext N.V.  said: “The acquisition of Admincontrol is a major milestone in the delivery of Euronext’s “Innovate for Growth 2027” ambition to scale up our SaaS business. This transaction will improve our share of subscription-based revenue. The acquisition of Admincontrol positions Euronext Corporate Solutions as a leader in the governance SaaS space and expands our access to new markets in the Nordics where we have already expanded our presence over the years with promising growth prospects. Euronext has all the tools and the relevant network to accelerate the growth of Admincontrol’s state-of-the-art governance solutions. Euronext looks forward to welcoming Admincontrol’s talented teams to further accelerate the deployment of its strategy in Europe.”Merete Hverven  CEO of Visma  said: “Admincontrol has been a valued part of the Visma portfolio since 2017 and has shown exceptional performance over that time. It has been a pleasure working with the Admincontrol team to build an industry-leading platform. As we increasingly focus the business  I am pleased that Møyfrid and the Admincontrol team will now have the opportunity to benefit from a sharpened focus within Euronext Corporate Solutions.”Møyfrid Øygard  CEO of Admincontrol  said: “The past eight years have been transformative for Admincontrol  and while Visma has been an invaluable partner for us  joining Euronext is the logical next step for Admincontrol to unlock further growth. Excellent governance is critical for the Euronext network of issuers and customers  and we are excited to bring our complementary product offering to market supporting Euronext Corporate Solutions’ business and its position in the Nordics. I am very grateful to Stéphane and team for their vote of confidence in our product  our team and our culture.”CONTACTS - EURONEXTANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.comInvestor Relations Aurélie CohenJudith Stein +33 6 15 23 91 97MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.comEurope Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 45Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13Belgium Marianne Aalders +32 26 20 15 01France  Corporate Flavio Bornancin-Tomasella +33 1 70 48 24 45Ireland Andrea Monzani +39 02 72 42 62 13Italy Ester Russom +39 02 72 42 67 56The Netherlands Marianne Aalders +31 20 721 41 33Norway Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund +47 41 69 59 10Portugal Sandra Machado +351 91 777 68 97Corporate Solutions Coralie Patri +33 7 88 34 27 44About EuronextEuronext is the leading European capital market infrastructure  covering the entire capital markets value chain  from listing  trading  clearing  settlement and custody  to solutions for issuers and investors. Euronext runs MTS  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets  and Nord Pool  the European power market. Euronext also provides clearing and settlement services through Euronext Clearing and its Euronext Securities CSDs in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal.As of December 2024  Euronext’s regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal host over 1 800 listed issuers with around €6 trillion in market capitalisation  a strong blue-chip franchise and the largest global centre for debt and fund listings. With a diverse domestic and international client base  Euronext handles 25% of European lit equity trading. Its products include equities  FX  ETFs  bonds  derivatives  commodities and indices.For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on X and LinkedIn.DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2025  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.1 Assuming the 1-month average Euro / Norwegian krone reference exchange rate of 11.6804  as of 11 March 20252 Based on unaudited figuresAttachment",neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.88,0.12,0.0,True,English,"['SaaS offering', 'Euronext', 'acquisition', 'Admincontrol', 'mission-critical board management software', 'leading European B2B SaaS', 'Euronext Oslo Børs', 'Euronext Corporate Solutions’ business', 'effective decision-making processes', 'Nordic power futures', 'customary regulatory approvals', 'logical next step', 'Aurélie Cohen', 'secure collaboration Software', 'capital allocation policy', 'innovative SaaS solutions', 'last strategic cycle', 'Euronext Securities Copenhagen', 'Euronext N.V.', 'last five years', 'Stéphane Boujnah', 'Møyfrid Øygard', 'past eight years', 'secure collaboration platform', 'double-digit annual growth', 'promising growth prospects', 'transaction management solutions', 'governance SaaS space', 'complementary product offering', 'Euronext Securities Oslo', 'new client acquisition', 'Euronext governance offering', 'SaaS) solutions', 'SaaS business', 'mission-critical workflows', 'SaaS offering', 'governance solutions', 'leading provider', 'leading governance', 'capital markets', 'new markets', 'industry-leading platform', '2027” strategic plan', 'Euronext Group', 'Euronext network', 'definitive agreement', 'organisational structures', 'geographic coverage', 'cross-selling opportunities', 'strong footprint', 'Nord Pool', 'enterprise value', 'owned subsidiary', 'investor relations', 'listed companies', 'public organisations', 'advisory services', 'major milestone', 'relevant network', 'talented teams', 'Merete Hverven', 'exceptional performance', 'sharpened focus', 'invaluable partner', 'Excellent governance', 'Judith Stein', 'strategic ambition', 'subscription-based revenues', '44% EBITDA margin', 'service provider', 'Visma portfolio', 'Admincontrol positions', 'Admincontrol team', '2027” ambition', 'Amsterdam', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Paris', '13 March', 'Nordics', 'UK', '8 November', 'Innovate', 'share', 'development', 'size', 'capabilities', 'state', '4,000 clients', '200,000 users', 'NOK', 'million1', '31 December', 'presence', 'region', 'Insiderlog', 'expansion', 'cash', 'amounts', 'WACC', 'three', 'closing', 'Completion', 'Q2', 'receipt', 'fields', 'compliance', '5,000 clients', 'issuers', 'private', '30 countries', 'tailored', 'Impact', 'CEO', 'delivery', 'leader', 'access', 'tools', 'deployment', 'strategy', 'time', 'pleasure', 'opportunity', 'customers', 'vote', 'confidence', 'culture', 'CONTACTS', 'ANALYSTS', 'INVESTORS', 'MEDIA', '70']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49403,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3041871/0/en/Pharming-Group-reports-fourth-quarter-and-full-year-2024-financial-results-and-provides-business-update.html,Pharming Group reports fourth quarter and full year 2024 financial results and provides business update,Leiden  the Netherlands  March 13  2025: Pharming Group N.V. (“Pharming” or “the Company”) (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM / Nasdaq: PHAR) presents its preliminary (unaudited) financial report for the three months and full year ended December 31  2024.,Full year 2024 total revenues increased by 21% to US$297.2 million and exceeded our guidance  driven by record RUCONEST® revenue and strong Joenja® (leniolisib) growthFourth quarter 2024 total revenues increased by 14% to US$92.7 million  compared to the fourth quarter 2023RUCONEST® full year revenue increased by 11% to US$252.2 million and fourth quarter revenue increased by 9% to US$79.6 million  compared to the fourth quarter 2023Joenja® revenue increased by 147% to US$45.0 million in the first full year post-launch and fourth quarter revenue increased by 66% to US$13.1 million  compared to the fourth quarter 2023Fourth quarter operating profit increased to US$6.7 million from US$1.1 million in the fourth quarter 2023Generated operating profit and positive net cash flows from operations for the second quarter in a rowTwo ongoing Phase II clinical trials of leniolisib for additional primary immunodeficiencies (PIDs) with immune dysregulation  including common variable immunodeficiency (CVID)Completed the acquisition of Abliva AB  adding KL1333 for mitochondrial DNA-driven primary mitochondrial diseases to Pharming’s late-stage clinical pipeline  in line with our vision to become a leading global rare disease companyFabrice Chouraqui appointed as Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director at EGM held on March 4  20252025 total revenue guidance of US$315 million – US$335 millionPharming to host a conference call today at 13:30 CET (8:30 am EDT)Leiden  the Netherlands  March 13  2025: Pharming Group N.V. (“Pharming” or “the Company”) (Euronext Amsterdam: PHARM / Nasdaq: PHAR) presents its preliminary (unaudited) financial report for the three months and full year ended December 31  2024.Chief Executive Officer  Fabrice Chouraqui commented:“I am delighted to have been appointed as CEO of Pharming and am deeply excited for the opportunities that lie ahead. The strength of the results presented today  with record RUCONEST® revenue and strong Joenja® growth  is testament to Pharming’s momentum.We ended 2024 on a strong note  growing total revenues by 21% to US$297.2 million and exceeding our revenue guidance range of US$280-$295 million. This achievement underscores the continued importance of RUCONEST® in the HAE treatment landscape as well as the strong commercial performance of Joenja® in just its first full year of sales.We enter 2025 with a number of regulatory reviews for leniolisib ongoing as we prepare for launches in key markets and for pediatrics. We also advanced our efforts to expand the addressable patient population for leniolisib  with two Phase II trials in additional PIDs now underway. The genetically identifiable PIDs indication and the CVID indication first announced today represent significantly larger market opportunities than APDS  with blockbuster revenue potential.We are also strengthening our clinical pipeline with the acquisition of Abliva  which has now been completed. This adds a potential first-in-disease treatment for primary mitochondrial diseases  KL1333  which has the opportunity to further transform Pharming’s growth trajectory as it too has blockbuster potential. The acquisition aligns with our vision to become a leading global rare disease company and is well aligned with our operational capabilities. We are now moving to start the second wave of patient recruitment for the pivotal FALCON clinical trial as soon as possible.Pharming’s 2024 financial performance was also noteworthy  with the company generating an operating profit and positive net cash flows from operations in the last two quarters of the year. This performance highlights the financial strength of our core commercial business.Looking to 2025  we will continue to invest diligently to grow our portfolio in the U.S. and Joenja® in key countries  to reach more patients with APDS  and to progress the significant opportunities in our R&D pipeline for PIDs and primary mitochondrial diseases.I firmly believe that Pharming is well-positioned to build on this positive momentum and embrace a new cycle of growth  delivering strong long-term value creation for all stakeholders and continuing our mission to serve the unserved rare disease patients. I look forward to working with the Pharming team to make this a reality.”Fourth quarter and full year 2024 highlightsCommercialized productsRUCONEST® marketed for the treatment of acute HAE attacksRUCONEST® demonstrated significant strength in the fourth quarter of 2024  with record revenues of US$79.6 million  a 9% increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. RUCONEST® revenues for the full year 2024 were a record US$252.2 million  an 11% increase compared to 2023  significantly above our expectation for mid single digit percentage growth.The U.S. market contributed 98% of 2024 revenues  while the EU and Rest of World contributed 2%.The strong RUCONEST® revenue growth in 2024 can be attributed to strong performance in new physicians prescribing RUCONEST®  new patient enrollments  and the total number of patients  which together resulted in over 6% unit sales growth vs. 2023. We achieved over 100 new patient enrollments in the fourth quarter and total enrollments in 2024 were up 24% vs. 2023. We also increased the RUCONEST® physician prescriber base by 11% during the year  in many cases adding previously unknown HAE prescribers.Joenja® (leniolisib) marketed in the U.S. - the first and only approved disease modifying treatment for APDSJoenja® revenues increased to US$13.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2024  a 66% increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. This increase was mostly driven by higher volume from the increase in patients on paid therapy in the U.S. compared to the fourth quarter of 2023  and a significant increase in revenues from EU and Rest of World which are from product provided on a named patient basis. Revenue for 2024  the first full year of sales following launch in April 2023  was US$45.0 million  compared to US$18.2 million in 2023.The U.S. market contributed 90% of 2024 revenues  while the EU and Rest of World contributed 10%.As of December 31  2024  we had 96 patients on paid therapy in the U.S. and an additional five patients enrolled and pending authorization  representing an increase of active patients during the fourth quarter and continued progress enrolling and transitioning eligible patients to paid therapy.APDS patient findingAs of December 31  2024  Pharming had identified over 880 diagnosed APDS patients in global markets  including over 240 patients in the U.S. Of the identified patients in the U.S.  over 150 patients are 12 years of age or older and eligible for treatment with Joenja®.Pharming continues to advance several initiatives to diagnose additional APDS patients  including a sponsored genetic testing program in the U.S. and Canada  partnerships with several genetic testing companies who undertake their own testing efforts  and family testing programs.APDS patient finding - VUS resolutionPharming is aware of approximately 1 200 patients in the U.S. with a Variant of Uncertain Significance  or VUS  in the PIK3CD or PIK3R1 genes and is supporting validation studies with various laboratories to confirm which of these variants are pathogenic for APDS. Patients with disease-associated variants would receive a molecular diagnosis of APDS and  therefore  potentially be eligible for Joenja® treatment. Based on data from Pharming’s navigateAPDS sponsored genetic testing program  PIK3CD and PIK3R1 VUSs are found at four times the frequency of those mutations currently classified as pathogenic / likely pathogenic for APDS. Furthermore  a completed literature review and pilot study resulted in 20% of VUS patients being reclassified to APDS  suggesting that there could be a significant increase in the number of APDS patients in the US once those patients with a VUS are reclassified.As previously communicated  Pharming is supporting independent research to evaluate large numbers of VUSs without the need for additional patient testing. VUS resolution via high throughput screening methods is an established approach that is accepted as strong functional evidence for variant classification by various expert organizations including the American College of Medical Genetics (ACMG) and ClinGen (a National Institutes of Health-funded resource). One in vitro high throughput screening study was completed in the fourth quarter of 2024  identifying many novel variants leading to PI3Kδ hyperactivity. Pharming is now supporting clinical genetics laboratories across the US to be able to use their independent variant interpretation to reclassify variants and thus issue amended genetic testing reports for any variants these laboratories deem to be disease-causing. We anticipate that these endeavors will lead to the identification of new patients with APDS.Joenja® (leniolisib) developmentLeniolisib for APDSDuring 2024  we received regulatory approvals for leniolisib for patients 12 years of age or older in the U.K. and Israel  and advanced additional regulatory filings  to bring leniolisib to APDS patients outside of the U.S. We also made strong progress in our clinical trials to support APDS marketing approval for leniolisib in Japan and pediatric label expansion.In total  there are currently 188 patients in a leniolisib Expanded Access Program (compassionate use)  an ongoing clinical study  or a named patient program.Pediatric clinical developmentOn December 11  2024  we announced positive top line results for the multinational Phase III clinical trial for children 4 to 11 years of age  which has been evaluating leniolisib tablets in 21 children with APDS. The data are consistent with the improvements seen in the previously reported randomized controlled trial in adolescent and adult APDS patients. Global regulatory filings are planned to begin with a U.S. submission in the second half of 2025.Japan clinical trialWe completed an interim analysis  after 12-weeks of treatment  for the Phase III clinical trial in Japan evaluating leniolisib for the treatment of APDS in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older. The study’s safety and efficacy findings were in line with data from the randomized controlled trial used to support approvals in adolescent and adult APDS patients in the U.S. and other countries  and support a regulatory filing with Japan’s Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices Agency (PMDA) which is planned for mid-2025. An approval decision would be expected in nine months based on priority review of the application due to orphan drug designation (ODD) by the Ministry of Health  Labour and Welfare of Japan (MHLW) for the treatment of APDS.European Economic Area (EEA)We are on track to complete the manufacturing activities requested by the European Medicines Agency’s (EMA) Committee for Human Medicinal Products (CHMP) in regard to the ongoing review of the Marketing Authorisation Application (MAA) for leniolisib for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older and submit a response prior to the January 2026 deadline.United KingdomOn September 25  2024  the U.K. Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) granted marketing authorization for Joenja® (leniolisib) for the treatment of APDS in adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older. Leniolisib is currently under evaluation by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) regarding reimbursement within the National Health Service (NHS) in England and Wales.Additional marketsIn Australia  we filed a regulatory submission for patients 12 years of age and older in the third quarter of 2023 and  after positive feedback from the Australian Advisory Committee on Medicines  expect a final decision by mid-March 2025.We filed a regulatory submission in Canada for APDS patients 12 years of age and older in the third quarter of 2023. We have had ongoing interactions with Health Canada that recently granted an extension to February 2026 to respond to a request for additional CMC data  in line with the EMA extension. We plan to respond in early 2026 and expect a regulatory decision in 2026.Leniolisib for additional primary immunodeficiencies (PIDs)We made strong progress during 2024 on our leniolisib indication expansion efforts. We are developing leniolisib for additional primary immunodeficiencies  or PIDs  which affect significantly more patients than APDS. These include (i) genetically identifiable PIDs with immune dysregulation linked to altered PI3Kδ signaling and (ii) common variable immunodeficiency  or CVID  with immune dysregulation identified independently of genetics.We started the Phase II clinical trial evaluating leniolisib for PIDs with immune dysregulation linked to altered PI3Kẟ signaling in October 2024  and started a Phase II clinical trial for CVID with immune dysregulation in February 2025.Primary immunodeficiencies (PIDs) with immune dysregulation linked to altered PI3Kδ signalingOn October 10  2024  Pharming announced the start of a Phase II  proof of concept  clinical trial evaluating leniolisib in PIDs with immune dysregulation linked to PI3Kẟ signaling in lymphocytes  with similar clinical phenotypes and unmet medical needs to APDS. The first patient was dosed in the study on October 29  2024 and enrollment is progressing. The clinical trial includes PID patients with ALPS-FAS  CTLA4 haploinsufficiency  NFKB1 haploinsufficiency and PTEN deficiency  among others. Epidemiology suggests a prevalence of approximately seven and a half patients per million in this targeted PID population  compared to one to two patients per million for APDS.The Phase II clinical trial is a single arm  open-label  dose range-finding study to be conducted in approximately 12 patients. The objectives for the trial are to assess safety and tolerability  pharmacokinetics  pharmacodynamics  and explore clinical efficacy of leniolisib in the targeted PID population.In February 2025  the FDA granted Fast Track designation for leniolisib for the treatment of PIDs linked to PI3Kẟ signaling. Fast Track is an FDA process designed to facilitate the development and expedite the review of drugs to treat serious conditions and fill an unmet medical need.Common variable immunodeficiency (CVID) with immune dysregulationCVID with immune dysregulation represents a much larger group of PID patients  which may be identified independently of genetics  and with a targeted population prevalence of approximately 39 patients per million. The majority of CVID patients with immune dysregulation exhibit a spectrum of noninfectious autoimmune and end-organ lympho-infiltrative disease manifestations with similarities to APDS.We engaged with the FDA and EMA on the CVID indication  and received positive feedback regarding the large unmet medical need and the rationale for evaluating leniolisib in CVID patients with immune dysregulation. We have initiated a Phase II study for leniolisib in CVID patients with immune dysregulation  with the first patient expected to be dosed in late March 2025.Acquisition of Abliva ABIn December 2024  we announced the proposed acquisition of Abliva AB  via a public cash offer to the shareholders to acquire all issued and outstanding shares of Abliva  for approximately US$66.1 million. Abliva’s lead product KL1333 is currently in a pivotal clinical trial in mitochondrial DNA-driven primary mitochondrial diseases and has the potential to significantly enhance our future growth trajectory. We announced that we did not require external funding to fund the acquisition and development costs for KL1333.KL1333 for mitochondrial DNA-driven primary mitochondrial diseasesKL1333 is in a pivotal clinical study (FALCON) in adult patients with genetically confirmed primary mitochondrial disease (PMD) with mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) mutations who experience consistent  debilitating fatigue and muscle weakness (myopathy)  and reduced life expectancy. Over 30 000 patients diagnosed with mtDNA mitochondrial disease would be potentially addressable by KL1333 in the U.S.  EU4 (France  Germany  Italy  Spain) and the UK  offering blockbuster potential for this product in the U.S. alone.KL1333 has shown positive clinical effects in a proof-of-concept Phase 1b study  and a pre-planned interim analysis of the ongoing pivotal FALCON trial demonstrated promising differences over placebo in both alternate primary efficacy endpoints passing futility. KL1333 has received Fast Track designation in the U.S. and Orphan Drug Designation for the treatment of PMD in the U.S. and EU. We are now moving to start the second wave of patient recruitment for the pivotal FALCON clinical trial as soon as possible. We anticipate the trial to read-out in 2027 with potential FDA approval by end of 2028.Organizational updatesMs. Inés Bernal was appointed Chief People Officer  or CPO  as of December 1  2024  to lead the development  execution and monitoring of Pharming's people and culture strategy.On October 24  2024  we announced that Mr. Sijmen de Vries  Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer  had informed the Board of Directors that he would not be available for reappointment at our next AGM.Subsequent eventsOn January 21  2025  we announced that the Board of Directors had nominated biopharmaceutical leader Mr. Fabrice Chouraqui as Pharming’s new Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director  succeeding Mr. Sijmen de Vries.Mr. Chouraqui was appointed for a term of four years at the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (EGM) that took place on March 4  2025.Upon the appointment of Mr. Chouraqui  Mr. Sijmen de Vries resigned from the Board of Directors. To ensure a smooth hand-over of tasks and responsibilities  Mr. de Vries will remain a strategic advisor to the new CEO until December 31  2025.On February 20  2025  we announced ownership of shares and voting rights in Abliva AB exceeding 90% and thereby initiated the necessary activities to delist the Company from the Nasdaq Stockholm exchange. Following delisting  we expect to be able to start the second wave of patient recruitment for the ongoing pivotal FALCON clinical trial for KL1333 for the treatment of mtDNA-driven primary mitochondrial diseases. Pharming has initiated a compulsory acquisition procedure in respect of the remaining shares in Abliva under the Swedish Companies Act. On March 3  2025  Nasdaq Stockholm approved Abliva’s application for delisting and the last day of trading will be March 17  2025. With these events  the acquisition of Abliva is now completed.The acquisition of Abliva will be accounted for as a business combination. Substantially all of the value of the acquisition is concentrated in a single asset  KL1333. Following delisting as expected in March 2025  the acquisition would be reflected in our financial statements beginning with the first quarter 2025. At this point we expect the US$66.1 million acquisition price to be allocated to the fair value of the acquired identifiable assets and liabilities  with any excess to be recorded as goodwill. We do not expect any P&L impact at the acquisition date  besides recognition of acquisition costs incurred in 2025.Financial SummaryConsolidated Statement of Income 4Q 2024 4Q 2023 2024 2023 Amounts in US$m except per share data Total Revenues 92.7 81.2 297.2 245.3 Cost of sales (12.2) (7.1) (35.4) (25.2) Gross profit 80.5 74.1 261.8 220.1 Other income 0.1 0.6 2.2 23.3 Research and development (22.3) (11.6) (83.2) (68.9) General and administrative (24.6) (24.1) (70.6) (55.9) Marketing and sales (27.0) (37.9) (118.8) (124.0) Other Operating Costs (73.9) (73.6) (272.6) (248.8) Operating profit (loss) 6.7 1.1 (8.6) (5.4) Fair value gain (loss) on revaluation (0.2) (0.9) 5.0 (0.9) Other finance income 3.1 1.6 6.8 3.7 Other finance expenses (2.5) (4.5) (9.9) (9.1) Share of net profits in associates using the equity method (0.5) 0.7 (1.8) (0.3) Profit (loss) before tax 6.6 (2.0) (8.5) (12.0) Income tax credit (expense) (2.9) (1.1) (2.5) 1.5 Profit (loss) for the period 3.7 (3.1) (11.0) (10.5) Share Information Basic earnings per share (US$) 0.005 (0.004) (0.016) (0.016) Diluted earnings per share (US$) 0.005 (0.004) (0.016) (0.016)Segment information - Revenues 4Q 2024 4Q 2023 2024 2023 Amounts in US$m Revenue - RUCONEST® (US) 78.2 71.9 246.6 221.2 Revenue - RUCONEST® (EU and RoW) 1.4 1.4 5.6 5.9 Total Revenues - RUCONEST® 79.6 73.3 252.2 227.1 Revenue - Joenja® (US) 11.8 7.6 40.5 17.9 Revenue - Joenja® (EU and RoW) 1.3 0.3 4.5 0.3 Total Revenues - Joenja® 13.1 7.9 45.0 18.2 Total Revenues - US 90.0 79.5 287.1 239.1 Total Revenues - EU and RoW 2.7 1.7 10.1 6.2 Total Revenues 92.7 81.2 297.2 245.3Consolidated Balance Sheet December 31  2024 December 31  2023 Amounts in US$m Cash and cash equivalents  restricted cash and marketable securities 169.4 215.0 Current assets 278.7 316.3 Total assets 400.8 462.9 Current liabilities 73.8 78.0 Equity 221.9 218.8Financial highlightsFourth quarter 2024Revenues in the fourth quarter of 2024 increased by 14% to US$92.7 million from US$81.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 (US$74.8 million in the third quarter of 2024). RUCONEST® revenues amounted to US$79.6 million  a 9% increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. A volume increase in the U.S.  and a U.S. price increase in line with CPI  were the primary factors behind this increase in RUCONEST® revenues. Joenja® revenues amounted to US$13.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2024  a 66% increase compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. This increase was primarily driven by an increase in volume.Gross profit increased by US$6.4 million or 9% to US$80.5 million (4Q 2023: US$74.1 million)  mainly due to the increase in revenues. This was partially offset by increased cost of sales  in part due to a one-off inventory impairment due to a power outage during the production process (US$ 1.1 million).The operating profit amounted to US$6.7 million compared to an operating profit of US$1.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2023. This increase was primarily due to the increase in gross profit mentioned above  offset by the increase in operating expenses from US$73.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2023 to US$73.9 million. Fourth quarter 2024 operating expenses increased by US$9.2 million from US$64.7 million in the third quarter of 2024. Part of this 2024 increase was caused by one-off expenses  totaling US$6.2 million  including the full impairment of US$5.1 million (4Q 2023: US$4.7 million) on the leased DSP facility at Pivot Park in Oss  the Netherlands. Also contributing to the fourth-quarter increase were legal and advisory fees associated with the acquisition of Abliva AB  totaling US$1.1 million for the fourth quarter of 2024.The net finance result amounted to a gain of US$0.4 million compared to a loss of US$3.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2023. This was primarily driven by favorable EUR/USD exchange rate developments  resulting in a foreign currency gain of US$2.6 million compared to a loss of US$2.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2023. Interest expense increased by US$1.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2024 compared to the previous year  following the convertible bond issuance in the second quarter of 2024.In the fourth quarter of 2024  a net profit of US$3.7 million was realized  in contrast to a net loss of US$3.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2023. This improvement was primarily driven by the rise in gross profit supported by favorable EUR/USD exchange rate developments  partially offset by the increase in operating expenses.Cash and cash equivalents  including restricted cash and marketable securities  decreased from US$173.3 million at the end of third quarter of 2024 to US$169.4 million at the end of the fourth quarter of 2024. This decrease was primarily driven by EUR/USD exchange rate developments (vast majority of cash and marketable securities position is EUR denominated)  offset by positive cash flows from operations of US$9.3 million (4Q 2023: US$11.6 million)  which includes a deduction of US$1.7 million in paid taxes (4Q 2023: US$0.7 million).Full year 2024In 2024  Pharming revenues increased by 21% to US$297.2 million. However  the operating loss declined to a loss of US$8.6 million  compared to a loss of US$5.4 million in 2023. Similarly  the net loss declined to US$11.0 million  compared to a net loss of US$10.5 million in 2023.This section will further elaborate on Pharming's financial performance in 2024.Revenues and Gross ProfitTotal revenues for 2024 grew by 21%  reaching US$297.2 million  compared to US$245.3 million in 2023. Total RUCONEST® revenues were 11% higher at US$252.2 million  compared to revenues of US$227.1 million for 2023. Joenja® revenues amounted to US$45.0 million in 2024  a 147% increase compared to 2023 (first sales commenced at the start of the second quarter of 2023). This increase was primarily driven by an increase in volume.Cost of sales increased by 40% from US$25.2 million in 2023 to US$35.4 million in 2024. Cost of inventories recognized as expenses in 2024 amounted to US$25.6 million compared to US$21.4 million in 2023. In addition to the higher unit sales volume  the rise was primarily attributed to rising production costs for RUCONEST®. The remainder of the increase in cost of sales in 2024 mainly stem from one-off impairment charges on inventory of US$4.8 million (2023: US$1.7 million) and royalty payments to Novartis on Joenja® sales of US$4.9 million (2023: US$2.1 million).Gross profit increased by US$41.7 million  or 19%  to US$261.8 million for the year 2024. The primary driver for this increase was higher sales volumes of RUCONEST® and Joenja®.Other incomeOther income decreased to US$2.2 million compared to US$23.3 million in 2023. Other income in 2023 was supported by the sale of the Rare Pediatric Disease Priority Review Voucher (PRV) to Novartis for a pre-agreed  one-time payment of US$21.3 million.Operating Profit (loss) and Other Operating CostsFor 2024  the operating loss increased to a loss of US$8.6 million compared to a loss of US$5.4 million for the prior year. This change was mainly due to the decrease in other income and the expected increase in operating expenses from US$248.8 million in 2023 to US$272.6 million  offset by the above mentioned increase in gross profit in 2024. The increase in operating expenses in 2024 was primarily related to a combination of continuing investments in Joenja® in the U.S.  launch preparation for leniolisib outside of the U.S.  increasing R&D investments to expand the addressable patient population for leniolisib  and increased payroll expenses due to business growth. Operating expenses in 2024 include one-off expenses  totaling US$6.2 million  including expenses related to the full impairment of the DSP facility at Pivot Park in Oss  the Netherlands  amounting to US$5.1 million (2023: US$4.7 million). Also contributing to the increase were legal and advisory fees associated with the acquisition of Abliva AB  totaling US$1.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2024.Operating Profit (loss) excluding one-time eventsThe 2023 operating expenses included milestone payments for Joenja® of US$10.5 million in the second quarter and other income included one-time proceeds from the PRV sale of US$21.3 million. When compared on a like-for-like basis  excluding these one-time events in 2023  the operating loss decreased from US$16.2 million in 2023 to US$8.6 million in the current year.Finance income and expensesThe net finance result amounted to a gain of US$1.9 million compared to a loss of US$6.3 million in 2023. This was primarily driven by a fair value gain of US$7.0 million upon the reclassification of the convertible bond-related derivative to equity. This fair value gain was a result of the decrease in value of the option component classified as a derivative from issuance until the physical settlement date of the newly issued convertible bond. Further positive results stem from favorable EUR/USD exchange rate developments  which led to a foreign currency gain of US$2.0 million compared to a loss of US$3.0 million in 2023. In addition  interest income from investments in marketable securities  which commenced in the second quarter of 2023  increased by US$1.2 million. These positive results were partially offset by the negative fair value adjustments in the BioConnection preference share of US$2.1 million (2023: US$0.9 million negative)  US$2.8 million higher interest expenses and fees of US$1.2 million related to the 2024 issued convertible bond.Income tax credit (expense)Income tax credit (expense) shifted from a US$1.5 million credit for the year ending December 31  2023  to a US$2.5 million expense for the year ending December 31  2024. This tax expense mainly results from the profits of Pharming in the US being taxed against a US Federal and State combined tax rate of 27.96%  while the losses in the Netherlands only partly result in an offsetting tax credit  as the share-based compensation expenses and losses in associates are generally non-deductible based on Dutch tax law.Net loss for the yearThe Company had a net loss of US$11.0 million in 2024  compared to a net loss of US$10.5 million in 2023. In addition to the support in other income from the PRV and the milestone payments for Joenja® in 2023  the change was mainly due to an increase in gross profit  favorable EUR/USD exchange rate developments and the fair value gain upon the reclassification of the convertible bond-related derivative to equity  offset by an increase in operating expenses  higher tax expenses and higher interest expenses and fees on the 2024 issued convertible bonds.Intangible assetsIn 2024  intangible assets decreased by US$10.2 million  from US$71.3 million in 2023 to US$61.0 million in 2024. This decrease primarily resulted from regular amortization (amounting to US$6.3 million) and negative foreign currency effects (equivalent to US$4.0 million).The amortization relates to regular amortization of software  the RUCONEST® licenses (US and EU) and the Joenja® license. The RUCONEST® license has a remaining amortization period of 13 years for the US and 7 years for the EU. The Joenja® license has a remaining amortization period of 12 years.Property  plant and equipmentThe value of property  plant and equipment decreased from US$9.7 million in 2023 to US$7.8 million in 2024. This decline was primarily driven by regular depreciation (US$2.3 million) and negative foreign currency effects (US$0.5 million)  partially offset by capital expenditures (US$0.8 million).Right-of-use assetsThe right-of-use assets decreased from US$23.8 million in 2023 to US$16.1 million in 2024. This decline was primarily driven by regular depreciation (amounting to US$3.9 million)  negative foreign currency effects (equivalent to US$0.9 million) and the full impairment of the DSP facility at Pivot Park in Oss  the Netherlands (totaling US$5.1 million).The decrease in the right-to-use assets is partially offset by additions of cars (US$2.4 million) and building remeasurements (US$0.3 million). The 2024 building remeasurements were related to adjustments in the existing right-of-use assets to account for inflation-related higher lease payments.InvestmentsInvestments decreased by US$6.2 million to US$4.2 million as of December 31  2024. This decline was primarily driven by the disposal of the equity investment in Orchard of US$2.1 million (following take-over)  Pharming’s share in the net loss of BioConnection of US$1.1 million and US$0.6 million impairment to equity value (accounted for using the equity method) and a fair value decrease of US$2.1 million in the preference share in BioConnection  carried at fair value through the statement of profit and loss (FVTPL).InventoriesInventories decreased from US$56.8 million as of December 31  2023 to US$55.7 million as of December 31  2024.Cash and cash equivalents and marketable securitiesCash and cash equivalents alone decreased by US$6.8 million to US$54.9 million as of December 31  2024. The cash and cash equivalents position is managed in combination with the marketable securities position.The combined total of cash and cash equivalents  together with restricted cash and marketable securities decreased from US$215.0 million at year-end 2023 to US$169.4 million at year-end 2024. This decrease was primarily driven by paid taxes of US$15.6 million and the repurchase of the outstanding convertible bonds amounting to US$134.9 million  offset by net proceeds of US$104.5 million for newly issued convertible bonds. Following negative operating cash flow in the first half of 2024  the third and fourth quarter operating cash flows were positive  also when adjusted for share based compensation.Shareholders’ equityShareholders’ equity increased by US$1.6 million from US$218.8 million for the year ended December 31  2023 to US$220.4 million for the year ended December 31  2024. This increase was primarily driven by transactions recognized directly in equity relating to share based compensation and exercised options (totaling US$13.9 million) and the recognition of the value conversion rights of US$12.2 million related to the issued convertible bond in 2024. These increases were offset by the net loss of US$12.5 million and the other comprehensive loss of US$11.9 million. The other comprehensive loss was primarily driven by currency translation differences.Convertible bondThe convertible bond position has decreased by US$56.0 million to US$82.4 million at year-end 2024  moving from US$138.4 million as of December 31  2023. This decrease was mainly driven by the repurchase of the outstanding convertible bonds amounting to US$134.9 million  offset by the initial recognition of the newly issued convertible bonds for US$81.8 million. The difference between the initial recognition of the newly issued convertible bonds and the respective net proceeds of US$104.5 million relates to the initial value of the conversion option component. Following a fair value gain of US$7.0 million until the physical settlement date  the value of the conversion option component was reclassified to equity. Subsequently  the value of this equity component is not remeasured and amounts to US$12.2 million  net of income tax effects  at December 31  2024.Lease liabilitiesLease liabilities decreased by US$3.2 million  moving from US$33.1 million as of December 31  2023 to US$29.9 million as of December 31  2024. This decrease was primarily driven by monthly or quarterly lease payments of US$5.1 million and for the most part offset by new leases (amounting to US$2.4 million).Outlook/SummaryFor 2025  the Company anticipates:Total revenues between US$315 million and US$335 million (6% to 13% growth)  with quarterly fluctuations expected.Total operating expenses not to exceed the prior year pre-Abliva impact  and a preliminary estimate of US$30 million in Abliva-related operating expenses  including research and development and non-recurring transaction and integration expenses.Significant progress finding additional APDS patients in the U.S.  supported by VUS validation efforts and subsequently converting patients to paid Joenja® (leniolisib) therapy.Increasing ex-U.S. revenues for leniolisib - driven by funded access programs and commercial availability in the U.K.Progress towards additional regulatory approvals for leniolisib for APDS patients 12 years of age or older  and submitting regulatory filings in Japan and for pediatric label expansion in key global markets.Advancing the two ongoing Phase II clinical trials in PIDs with immune dysregulation to significantly expand the long-term commercial potential of leniolisib.Advancing the ongoing pivotal FALCON clinical study for KL1333 in mitochondrial DNA-driven primary mitochondrial diseases.Continued focus on potential acquisitions and in-licensing of clinical stage opportunities in rare diseases. Financing  if required  would come via a combination of our strong balance sheet and access to capital markets.No further specific financial guidance for 2025 is provided.Additional informationPresentationThe conference call presentation is available on the Pharming.com website from 07:30 CET today.Conference CallThe conference call will begin at 13:30 CET/08:30 am EDT on Thursday  March 13. A transcript will be made available on the Pharming.com website in the days following the call.Please note  the Company will only take questions from dial-in attendees.Webcast Link:https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/7qvoovacConference call dial-in details:https://register.vevent.com/register/BI7d716758d12d4ad588b70fdbca665b6aAdditional information on how to register for the conference call/webcast can be found on thePharming.com website.Financial Calendar 2025Annual Report and 20-F 2024 April 31Q 2025 financial results May 8Annual General Meeting of Shareholders June 112Q/1H 2025 financial results July 313Q 2025 financial results November 6For further public information  contact:Pharming Group N.V.  Leiden  the NetherlandsMichael Levitan  VP Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsT: +1 (908) 705 1696E: investor@pharming.comFTI Consulting  London  UKSimon Conway/Alex ShawithAmy ByrneT: +44 203 727 1000LifeSpring Life Sciences Communication  Amsterdam  the NetherlandsLeon MelensT: +31 6 53 81 64 27E: pharming@lifespring.nlAbout Pharming Group N.V.Pharming Group N.V. (EURONEXT Amsterdam: PHARM/Nasdaq: PHAR) is a global biopharmaceutical company dedicated to transforming the lives of patients with rare  debilitating  and life-threatening diseases. Pharming is commercializing and developing an innovative portfolio of protein replacement therapies and precision medicines  including small molecules and biologics. Pharming is headquartered in Leiden  the Netherlands  and has employees around the globe who serve patients in over 30 markets in North America  Europe  the Middle East  Africa  and Asia-Pacific.For more information  visit www.pharming.com and find us on LinkedIn.Risk profileWe continue to closely monitor and manage the key risks and opportunities  and will respond appropriately to any emerging risk. We will issue a full overview of our risk profile in our Annual report 2024 to be published on April 3  2025.Related party transactionsThere are no material changes in the nature  scope  and (relative) scale in this reporting period compared to last year.Auditor’s involvementThe Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements have not been audited by the Company’s statutory auditor.Forward-looking StatementsThis press release may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements of future expectations that are based on management’s current expectations and assumptions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results  performance  or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements. These forward-looking statements are identified by their use of terms and phrases such as “aim”  “ambition”  ‘‘anticipate’’  ‘‘believe’’  ‘‘could’’  ‘‘estimate’’  ‘‘expect’’  ‘‘goals’’  ‘‘intend’’  ‘‘may’’  “milestones”  ‘‘objectives’’  ‘‘outlook’’  ‘‘plan’’  ‘‘probably’’  ‘‘project’’  ‘‘risks’’  “schedule”  ‘‘seek’’  ‘‘should’’  ‘‘target’’  ‘‘will’’ and similar terms and phrases. Examples of forward-looking statements may include statements with respect to timing and progress of Pharming's preclinical studies and clinical trials of its product candidates  Pharming's clinical and commercial prospects  and Pharming's expectations regarding its projected working capital requirements and cash resources  which statements are subject to a number of risks  uncertainties and assumptions  including  but not limited to the scope  progress and expansion of Pharming's clinical trials and ramifications for the cost thereof; and clinical  scientific  regulatory  commercial  competitive and technical developments. In light of these risks and uncertainties  and other risks and uncertainties that are described in Pharming's 2023 Annual Report and the Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  the events and circumstances discussed in such forward-looking statements may not occur  and Pharming's actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied thereby. All forward-looking statements contained in this press release are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and are based on information available to Pharming as of the date of this release. Pharming does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement as a result of new information  future events or other information.Inside InformationThis press release relates to the disclosure of information that qualifies  or may have qualified  as inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation.Pharming Group N.V.Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in U.S. Dollars (unaudited)For the period ended December 31  2024Condensed consolidated statement of incomeCondensed consolidated statement of comprehensive incomeCondensed consolidated balance sheetCondensed consolidated statement of changes in equityCondensed consolidated statement of cash flowCONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM STATEMENT OF INCOME For the period ended December 31 Amounts in US$ ‘000 2024 2023 Revenues 297 200 245 316 Costs of sales (35 399) (25 212) Gross profit 261 801 220 104 Other income 2 177 23 349 Research and development (83 161) (68 914) General and administrative (70 619) (55 877) Marketing and sales (118 819) (124 049) Other Operating Costs (272 599) (248 840) Operating profit (loss) (8 621) (5 387) Fair value gain (loss) on revaluation 4 990 (930) Other finance income 6 820 3 663 Other finance expenses (9 944) (9 069) Finance result  net 1 866 (6 336) Share of net profits (loss) in associates using the equity method (1 758) (289) Profit (loss) before tax (8 513) (12 012) Income tax credit (expense) (2 514) 1 464 Profit (loss) for the period (11 027) (10 548) Basic earnings per share (US$) (0.016) (0.016) Diluted earnings per share (US$) (0.016) (0.016)CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME For the period ended December 31 Amounts in US$ ‘000 2024 2023 Profit (loss) for the period (11 027) (10 548) Currency translation differences (11 992) 5 936 Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss (11 992) 5 936 Fair value remeasurement investments 79 1 167 Items that shall not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss 79 1 167 Other comprehensive income (loss)  net of tax (11 913) 7 103 Total comprehensive income (loss) for the period (22 940) (3 445)CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM BALANCE SHEET Amounts in US$ ‘000 December 31  2024 December 31  2023 Non-current assets Intangible assets 61 039 71 267 Property  plant and equipment 7 752 9 689 Right-of-use assets 16 382 23 777 Long-term prepayments 90 92 Deferred tax assets 31 090 29 761 Investment accounted for using the equity method 466 2 285 Investments in equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI — 2 020 Investment in debt instruments designated as at FVTPL 3 767 6 093 Restricted cash 1 505 1 528 Total non-current assets 122 091 146 512 Current assets Inventories 55 724 56 760 Trade and other receivables 55 079 46 158 Marketable securities 112 949 151 683 Cash and cash equivalents 54 944 61 741 Total current assets 278 696 316 342 Total assets 400 787 462 854 Equity Share capital 7 769 7 669 Share premium 488 990 478 431 Other reserves (222) (2 057) Accumulated deficit (274 675) (265 262) Shareholders’ equity 221 862 218 781 Non-current liabilities Convertible bonds 78 154 136 598 Lease liabilities 26 968 29 507 Total non-current liabilities 105 122 166 105 Current liabilities Convertible bonds 4 245 1 824 Trade and other payables 66 611 72 528 Lease liabilities 2 947 3 616 Total current liabilities 73 803 77 968 Total equity and liabilities 400 787 462 854CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY For the period ended December 31 Attributable to owners of the parent Amounts in US$ ‘000 Share capital Share premium Other reserves Accumulated deficit Total equity Balance at January 1  2023 7 509 462 297 (8 737) (256 431) 204 638 Profit (loss) for the period — — — (10 548) (10 548) Reserves — — — — — Other comprehensive income (loss) for the period — — 7 103 — 7 103 Total comprehensive income (loss) for the period — — 7 103 (10 548) (3 445) Other reserves — — (423) 423 — Income tax benefit from excess tax deductions related to share-based payments — — — 204 204 Share-based compensation — — — 9 251 9 251 Options exercised / LTIP shares issued 160 16 134 — (8 161) 8 133 Value of conversion rights of convertible bonds — — — — — Total transactions with owners  recognized directly in equity 160 16 134 (423) 1 717 17 588 Balance at December 31  2023 7 669 478 431 (2 057) (265 262) 218 781 Balance at January 1  2024 7 669 478 431 (2 057) (265 262) 218 781 Profit (loss) for the period — — — (11 027) (11 027) Reserves — — 1 555 (1 555) — Other comprehensive income (loss) for the period — — (11 913) — (11 913) Total comprehensive income (loss) for the period — — (10 358) (12 582) (22 940) Other reserves — — (31) 31 — Income tax benefit from excess tax deductions related to share-based payments — — — (66) (66) Share-based compensation — — — 11 248 11 248 Options exercised / LTIP shares issued 100 10 559 — (8 044) 2 615 Value of conversion rights of convertible bonds — — 12 224 — 12 224 Total transactions with owners  recognized directly in equity 100 10 559 12 193 3 169 26 021 Balance at December 31  2024 7 769 488 990 (222) (274 675) 221 862CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS For the period ended December 31 Amounts in $’000 2024 2023 Profit (loss) before tax (8 513) (12 012) Adjustments to reconcile net profit (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation  amortization  impairment of non-current assets 16 070 15 925 Equity settled share based payments 11 248 9 251 Fair value loss (gain) on revaluation (4 990) 930 Gain on disposal from PRV sale — (21 279) Disposal of leases 22 — Other finance income (6 820) (3 663) Other finance expenses 9 887 9 069 Share of net profits in associates using the equity method 1 758 289 Other — (1 079) Operating cash flows before changes in working capital 18 662 (2 569) Changes in working capital: Inventories (503) (14 434) Trade and other receivables (6 783) (18 539) Payables and other current liabilities (2 769) 16 228 Restricted cash (17) (216) Total changes in working capital (10 072) (16 961) Interest received 5 201 2 883 Income taxes received (paid) (15 584) (655) Net cash flows generated from (used in) operating activities (1 793) (17 302) Capital expenditure for property  plant and equipment (790) (1 437) Proceeds on PRV sale — 21 279 Investment intangible assets (6) (27) Disposal of investment designated as at FVOCI 2 098 — Purchases of marketable securities (284 314) (382 014) Proceeds from sale of marketable securities 314 630 232 811 Net cash flows generated from (used in) investing activities 31 618 (129 388) Payment of lease liabilities (4 008) (4 038) Interests on lease liabilities (1 141) (1 088) Net proceeds of issued convertible bonds 104 539 — Repurchase of convertible bonds (134 924) — Interests on convertible bonds (4 457) (4 046) Settlement of share based compensation awards 5 579 8 133 Net cash flows generated from (used in) financing activities (34 412) (1 039) Increase (decrease) of cash (4 587) (147 729) Exchange rate effects (2 210) 2 128 Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period 61 741 207 342 Total cash and cash equivalents at December 31 54 944 61 741---ENDS---Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.74,0.26,0.0,True,English,"['full year 2024 financial results', 'Pharming Group', 'fourth quarter', 'business update', 'Two ongoing Phase II clinical trials', 'mid single digit percentage growth', 'leading global rare disease company', 'mitochondrial DNA-driven primary mitochondrial diseases', 'two Phase II trials', 'pivotal FALCON clinical trial', 'positive net cash flows', 'strong long-term value creation', 'preliminary (unaudited) financial report', 'The U.S. market', 'Pharming Group N.V.', 'strong RUCONEST® revenue growth', 'RUCONEST® full year revenue', 'Fourth quarter operating profit', 'last two quarters', 'Fourth quarter 2024 total revenues', 'rare disease patients', 'late-stage clinical pipeline', 'additional primary immunodeficiencies', 'common variable immunodeficiency', 'core commercial business', 'acute HAE attacks', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'addressable patient population', 'R&D pipeline', 'larger market opportunities', 'revenue guidance range', 'first full year', 'full year 2024 highlights', 'fourth quarter revenue', '2025 total revenue guidance', 'HAE treatment landscape', 'new patient enrollments', 'strong commercial performance', 'record RUCONEST® revenue', 'blockbuster revenue potential', 'strong Joenja® growth', 'disease treatment', 'Joenja® revenue', 'strong note', 'strong performance', 'growth trajectory', 'positive momentum', 'Executive Director', 'patient recruitment', '2024 financial performance', 'record revenues', 'second quarter', 'blockbuster potential', 'record US', 'RUCONEST® revenues', 'new cycle', 'new physicians', 'financial strength', 'total number', 'leniolisib) growth', 'immune dysregulation', 'Fabrice Chouraqui', 'conference call', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'three months', 'continued importance', 'regulatory reviews', 'key markets', 'additional PIDs', 'operational capabilities', 'second wave', 'key countries', 'significant opportunities', 'Commercialized products', 'significant strength', 'Abliva AB', 'PIDs indication', 'CVID indication', 'Pharming team', '2024 revenues', 'launch', 'operations', 'acquisition', 'KL1333', 'vision', 'EGM', 'March', '13:30 CET', 'Leiden', 'Netherlands', 'Nasdaq', 'CEO', 'results', 'testament', 'achievement', 'sales', 'pediatrics', 'efforts', 'APDS', 'opportunity', 'portfolio', 'stakeholders', 'mission', 'unserved', 'reality', '9% increase', '11% increase', 'expectation', 'Rest', 'World']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49404,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3042326/0/en/Wolters-Kluwer-completes-acquisition-of-Registered-Agent-Solutions-Inc.html,Wolters Kluwer completes acquisition of Registered Agent Solutions  Inc,PRESS RELEASE                                          Wolters Kluwer completes acquisition of Registered Agent Solutions  Inc.  Alphen aan den Rijn...,PRESS RELEASEWolters Kluwer completes acquisition of Registered Agent Solutions  Inc.Alphen aan den Rijn – March 13  2025 – Wolters Kluwer Financial & Corporate Compliance (“FCC”) has today completed the previously announced acquisition of Registered Agent Solutions  Inc. (“RASi”) for approximately $415 million in cash.The acquisition  originally announced on February 7  2025  will expand the presence of FCC Legal Services (“CT Corporation”) with small businesses  middle-market companies  and law firms in the U.S.For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL) is a global leader in information solutions  software and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2024 annual revenues of €5.9 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 600 people worldwide.The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands. Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director Vice President Global Communications Investor Relations press@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.com m: +31 6 12 22 36 57Forward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by pandemics; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['Registered Agent Solutions', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'acquisition', 'Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Global Communications Investor Relations', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'Registered Agent Solutions', 'new ICT systems', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Wolters Kluwer Financial', 'FCC Legal Services', 'global leader', 'information solutions', 'expert solutions', 'new information', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Corporate Compliance', 'CT Corporation', 'middle-market companies', 'law firms', 'U.S.', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', '2024 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'Media Investors', 'Vice President', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'small businesses', 'regulatory rules', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'acquisition', 'March', 'RASi', 'cash', 'February', 'presence', 'wolterskluwer', 'WKL', 'software', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG.', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '21,600 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'pandemics', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'mergers', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Attachment']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49405,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3041935/0/en/Share-Buyback-Transaction-Details-March-6-March-12-2025.html,Share Buyback Transaction Details March 6 – March 12  2025,PRESS RELEASE                                          Share Buyback Transaction Details March 6 – March 12  2025  Alphen aan den Rijn – March 13  2025...,PRESS RELEASEShare Buyback Transaction Details March 6 – March 12  2025Alphen aan den Rijn – March 13  2025 - Wolters Kluwer (Euronext: WKL)  a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services  today reports that it has repurchased 126 230 of its own ordinary shares in the period from March 6  2025  up to and including March 12  2025  for €17.8 million and at an average share price of €140.99These repurchases are part of the share buyback program announced on February 26  2025  under which we intend to repurchase shares for up to € 1 billion during 2025.The cumulative amounts repurchased in the year to date under this program are as follows:Share Buyback 2025Period Cumulative shares repurchased in period Total consideration(€ million) Average share price(€) 2025 to date 1 021 904 164.3 160.74For the period starting February 28  2025  up to and including May 5  2025  we have engaged a third party to execute €155 million of buybacks on our behalf  within the limits of relevant laws and regulations (in particular Regulation (EU) 596/2014) and the company’s Articles of Association.Shares repurchased are added to and held as treasury shares and will be used for capital reduction purposes through share cancelation.Further information is available on our website:For more information about Wolters Kluwer  please visit: www.wolterskluwer.com.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information solutions  software and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2024 annual revenues of €5.9 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 600 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX  Euro Stoxx 50 and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director Vice President Global Communications Investor Relationspress@wolterskluwer.com ir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by pandemics; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Elements of this press release contain or may contain inside information about Wolters Kluwer within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the Market Abuse Regulation (596/2014/EU). Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.13,0.87,True,English,"['Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'March', 'Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Associate Director', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Global Communications Investor Relations', 'Share Buyback Transaction Details', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'capital reduction purposes', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'average share price', 'new ICT systems', 'share buyback program', 'general economic conditions', 'Market Abuse Regulation', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'Period Cumulative shares', 'share cancelation', 'global leader', 'cumulative amounts', 'counter market', 'new information', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'professional information', 'ordinary shares', 'Total consideration', 'third party', 'relevant laws', 'treasury shares', 'Further information', 'information solutions', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2024 annual revenues', 'Euro Stoxx 50', 'ADR) program', 'U.S.', 'Vice President', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'inside information', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'software solutions', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'various countries', 'financial risks', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'March', 'WKL', 'services', 'repurchases', 'February', 'year', 'date', 'May', 'buybacks', 'behalf', 'limits', 'regulations', 'company', 'Articles', 'Association', 'website', 'wolterskluwer', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG', 'customers', 'technology', 'group', 'operations', '21,600 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'pandemics', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Elements', 'meaning', 'Trademarks', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49406,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3042652/0/en/Voting-Rights-and-Shares-Capital-of-the-Company.html,Voting Rights and Shares Capital of the Company,In accordance with articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers),In accordance with articles L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and 223-16 of the General Regulation of the French Financial Markets Authority (Autorité des Marchés Financiers)PARIS  March 13  2025 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --Paris  France  March 13  2025Market: Euronext Paris / NasdaqEuronext Compartment: BISIN code: FR0011341205Nasdaq: NBTXBloomberg: NANO:FPReuters: NANO.PAWebsite: www.nanobiotix.comDateNumber of Shares OutstandingTotal number of voting rights Total voting rights theoretical1 Total voting rights exercisable2 February 28  2025 47 426 851 49 207 475 49 185 357About NANOBIOTIXNanobiotix is a late-stage clinical biotechnology company pioneering disruptive  physics-based therapeutic approaches to revolutionize treatment outcomes for millions of patients; supported by people committed to making a difference for humanity. The Company’s philosophy is rooted in the concept of pushing past the boundaries of what is known to expand possibilities for human life.Incorporated in 2003  Nanobiotix is headquartered in Paris  France and is listed on Euronext Paris since 2012 and on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in New York City since December 2020. The Company has subsidiaries in Cambridge  Massachusetts (United States) amongst other locations.Nanobiotix is the owner of more than 25 patent families associated with three (3) nanotechnology platforms with applications in 1) oncology; 2) bioavailability and biodistribution; and 3) disorders of the central nervous system.For more information about Nanobiotix  visit us at www.nanobiotix.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter.ContactsNanobiotix Communications DepartmentBrandon OwensVP  Communications+1 (617) 852-4835contact@nanobiotix.com Investor Relations DepartmentCraig WestSVP  Investor Relations+1 (617) 583-0211investors@nanobiotix.com Media RelationsFrance – HARDYCaroline Hardy+33 06 70 33 49 50carolinehardy@outlook.fr Global – LifeSci AdvisorsKevin Gardner+1 (617) 283-2856kgardner@lifesciadvisors.com____________________1 The total number of theoretical (or “gross”) voting rights is used as the basis for calculating threshold crossings. In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulations  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including those for which voting rights have been suspended.2 The total number of exercisable at a shareholders’ meeting (or “net”) voting rights is calculated without taking into account shares for which voting rights have been suspended as shares held in treasury by the Company. It is released in order to ensure that the public is properly informed.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.43,0.08,0.5,True,English,"['Voting Rights', 'Shares Capital', 'Company', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'disruptive, physics-based therapeutic approaches', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'late-stage clinical biotechnology company', 'Nasdaq Global Select Market', 'theoretical1 Total voting rights', 'French Commercial Code', 'New York City', 'three (3) nanotechnology platforms', 'central nervous system', 'AMF General Regulations', 'NANO.PA Website', 'gross”) voting rights', 'Investor Relations Department', 'Nanobiotix Communications Department', 'ISIN code', 'Media Relations', 'The Company', 'Total number', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Compartment', 'treatment outcomes', 'human life', 'United States', 'other locations', '25 patent families', 'Brandon Owens', 'Craig West', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Kevin Gardner', 'threshold crossings', 'shareholders’ meeting', 'Caroline Hardy', 'Euronext Paris', 'accordance', 'articles', 'France', 'NBTX', 'Bloomberg', 'Reuters', 'Date', 'Shares', 'February', 'millions', 'patients', 'people', 'difference', 'humanity', 'philosophy', 'concept', 'boundaries', 'possibilities', 'December', 'subsidiaries', 'Cambridge', 'Massachusetts', 'owner', 'applications', 'oncology', 'bioavailability', 'biodistribution', 'disorders', 'information', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Contacts', 'VP', 'carolinehardy', 'kgardner', 'lifesciadvisors', 'basis', 'net', 'account', 'treasury', 'public', 'Attachment', '06']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49407,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3041919/0/en/Virtune-XRP-ETP-has-surpassed-110-million-in-assets-under-management.html,Virtune XRP ETP has surpassed $110 million in assets under management,Stockholm  March 13th  2025 – Virtune  a Swedish-regulated digital asset manager and issuer of exchange-traded products (ETPs)  continues its strong growth trajectory across several markets and announces that its largest ETP  Virtune XRP ETP  has surpassed $1…,"Stockholm  March 13th  2025 – Virtune  a Swedish-regulated digital asset manager and issuer of exchange-traded products (ETPs)  continues its strong growth trajectory across several markets and announces that its largest ETP  Virtune XRP ETP  has surpassed $110 million in assets under management (AUM).Since its inception  Virtune has experienced rapid growth in the Nordic market  driven by its educational initiatives  regulated status  and commitment to transparency. With a strong focus on educating the market about crypto as an asset class  Virtune actively engages retail investors  financial advisors  and institutions.The company has also swiftly expanded its product portfolio  which now includes 13 ETPs with a total AUM of $275 million. The company’s largest ETP  Virtune XRP ETP  was listed on Nasdaq Stockholm on July 2  2024  and Nasdaq Helsinki on January 20  2025. In 2025  Ripple invested in the product.Virtune offers single-asset ETPs that provide exposure to a single crypto asset  staking single-asset ETPs that offer exposure to a single crypto asset combined with staking rewards  and index ETPs that provide broad exposure to multiple crypto assets with monthly rebalancing.Virtune’s product portfolio currently includes the following ETPs:Virtune Bitcoin ETPVirtune Staked Ethereum ETPVirtune Staked SolanaVirtune Staked Polkadot ETPVirtune XRP ETPVirtune Avalanche ETPVirtune Chainlink ETPVirtune Arbitrum ETPVirtune Staked Polygon ETPVirtune Staked Cardano ETPVirtune Crypto Altcoin Index ETPVirtune Crypto Top 10 Index ETP SEKVirtune Crypto Top 10 Index ETP EURChristopher Kock  CEO of Virtune: ""We are pleased to see growing investor interest in our products among retail investors  financial advisors  and various institutions. We are also excited that the Virtune XRP ETP has become our largest ETP  now serving over 50 000 investors.”Virtune’s ETPs are listed on Nasdaq Stockholm in Sweden  Nasdaq Helsinki in Finland  Euronext Amsterdam in the Netherlands  Euronext Paris in France and Boerse Stuttgart in Germany. The ETPs are also accessible for investors in Norway and Denmark and are traded through more than ten brokers including Avanza in Sweden and Nordnet in all Nordic countries.If you  as an (institutional) investor  are interested in meeting with Virtune to discuss the opportunities our ETPs offer for your asset management services or to learn more about Virtune and our ETPs  please do not hesitate to contact us at hello@virtune.com. You can also read more about Virtune and our ETPs at www.virtune.com and register your email address on our website to subscribe to our newsletters  which cover updates on Virtune's upcoming ETP launches and other news related to digital assets.Press contactChristopher Kock  CEO Virtune AB (Publ)Christopher@virtune.com+46 70 073 45 64Virtune with its headquarters in Stockholm is a regulated Swedish digital asset manager and issuer of crypto exchange traded products on regulated European exchanges. With regulatory compliance  strategic collaborations with industry leaders and our proficient team  we empower investors on a global level to access innovative and sophisticated investment products that are aligned with the evolving landscape of the global crypto market.Cryptocurrency investments are associated with high risk. Virtune does not provide investment advice. Investments are made at your own risk. Securities may increase or decrease in value  and there is no guarantee that you will recover your invested capital. Please read the prospectus  KID  terms at www.virtune.com.",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.51,0.25,0.24,True,English,"['Virtune XRP ETP', 'assets', 'management', 'Ethereum ETP Virtune Staked Solana Virtune Staked Polkadot ETP', 'Virtune Staked Polygon ETP Virtune Staked Cardano ETP', 'Virtune Crypto Altcoin Index ETP', 'Virtune Crypto Top 10 Index ETP', 'Swedish-regulated digital asset manager', 'Swedish digital asset manager', 'Virtune Bitcoin ETP Virtune', 'upcoming ETP launches', 'Virtune XRP ETP', 'Virtune Avalanche ETP', 'Virtune Chainlink ETP', 'Virtune Arbitrum ETP', 'single crypto asset', 'growing investor interest', 'asset management services', 'multiple crypto assets', 'strong growth trajectory', 'CEO Virtune AB', 'global crypto market', 'sophisticated investment products', 'largest ETP', 'ETP SEK', 'index ETPs', 'digital assets', 'asset class', 'rapid growth', 'strong focus', 'institutional) investor', 'global level', 'investment advice', 'several markets', 'Nordic market', 'educational initiatives', 'financial advisors', 'Nasdaq Helsinki', 'monthly rebalancing', 'Christopher Kock', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Paris', 'Boerse Stuttgart', 'ten brokers', 'Nordic countries', 'email address', 'other news', 'Press contact', 'European exchanges', 'regulatory compliance', 'strategic collaborations', 'industry leaders', 'proficient team', 'evolving landscape', 'exchange-traded products', 'product portfolio', 'total AUM', 'Nasdaq Stockholm', 'various institutions', 'Cryptocurrency investments', 'high risk', 'single-asset ETPs', 'following ETPs', 'The ETPs', 'retail investors', 'broad exposure', '13 ETPs', '50,000 investors', 'March', 'issuer', 'inception', 'status', 'commitment', 'transparency', 'company', 'July', 'January', 'Ripple', 'staking', 'rewards', 'Sweden', 'Finland', 'Netherlands', 'France', 'Germany', 'Norway', 'Denmark', 'Avanza', 'Nordnet', 'opportunities', 'hello', 'website', 'newsletters', 'updates', 'Publ', 'headquarters', 'innovative', 'Securities', 'value', 'guarantee', 'capital', 'prospectus', 'KID', 'terms']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49408,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3041889/0/en/Haffner-Energy-announces-the-launch-of-a-7M-Capital-Increase-by-ABSA-issue-with-preferential-subscription-rights-which-may-go-up-to-8M-with-the-support-of-its-long-standing-shareho.html,Haffner Energy announces the launch of a €7M Capital Increase by ABSA issue with preferential subscription rights  which may go up to €8M  with the support of its long-standing shareholders and new investors for an amount of €5.5M,This material may not be published  transmitted or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan.          ......,"This material may not be published  transmitted or distributed  directly or indirectly  in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan.Webinar in French today at 6:00 p.m.CLICK HERE TO REGISTERVitry-le-François  France – March 13  2025  8:00 a.m. (CET) - Haffner Energy (ISIN: FR0014007ND6 – Ticker: ALHAF) (the ""Company"") announces the launch of a capital increase in cash with preferential subscription rights (the ""PSR”) in the amount of €7M through the issuance of 17 488 744 shares with warrants (the ""ABSA"") at a unit price of €0.40  representing a face discount of 59% compared to the closing price of March 12  2025 (€0.98)  with a parity of 9 ABSA for 23 Existing Shares (the ""Capital Increase"").Main terms of the Capital IncreaseInitial amount of €7M with preferential subscription rights that may be increased to a maximum of approximately €8M in the event of exercise of the extension clauseSubscription price per ABSA: €0.40Subscription parity: 9 ABSA for 23 Existing SharesExercise parity of the Warrants : 3 Warrants for 1 New SharePSR negotiation period from March 17 to March 26  2025 inclusiveSubscription period from March 19 to March 28  2025 inclusiveInvestor subscription commitments up to €5.5MOperation eligible for the IR-PME  PEA-PME and FIP-FCPI schemes and article 150-0 B terPhilippe Haffner  Co-Founder and CEO of Haffner Energy  states:“With 32 years of experience in biomass-to-energy conversion  Haffner Energy is at a strategic turning point in its history. The launch of an operational unit producing  among other things  “super green” mobility-grade hydrogen is a decisive factor in converting our pipeline into firm orders. Indeed  the start of the year was marked by the successful commissioning of our hydrogen production  testing and training center in Marolles. This site  which confirms the industrial maturity of our technologies  houses the world's first continuous production unit of mobility-grade hydrogen from biomass using a thermochemical process. This process significantly reduces costs compared with alternative technologies  while diversifying the biomass used.The site provides our customers with proof of the effective industrial-scale operation of our technology. As a result  we have signed a key contract with H 2 bois SA for the construction of a 720 kg/day hydrogen  electricity and biochar production unit in Switzerland.Today  our strategy is no longer based solely on hydrogen  as was the case in 2022 at the time of our IPO  but on several complementary markets with different cycles. This enables us to significantly broaden our addressable market while mitigating risk. Hydrogen now represents only 18% of our weighted sales pipeline. We are positioning ourselves in key mature sectors such as syngas production for industrial decarbonization  sustainable aviation fuels (SAF) and renewable methanol. Our offering in these markets is a major asset for accelerating our commercial expansion.Mobility-grade hydrogen  with 99.97% purity  is the most demanding biofuel  demonstrating our technological capacity in all markets. In fact  hydrogen and biofuels are produced from the same syngas. The use of a primary energy source that is far more competitive and versatile than electricity means that we can produce highly competitive biofuels with limited recourse to electricity and the associated connection constraints. This unique combination strengthens our market position across different applications.Although 2022 and 2023 were marked by major delays in the hydrogen sector  notably due to the impact of the conflict in Ukraine on the energy ecosystem  our current situation is stronger than it was at the time of our IPO. We have overcome the most critical challenges and the successful commissioning of our Marolles unit is a game-changer. On the one hand  beyond technology demonstration  our customers will be able to test and qualify the biomasses they wish to exploit under real conditions  and not just in a laboratory setting. Secondly  we will be bringing to market “super-green” hydrogen produced as part of the site's operations starting the second half of the year  once the distribution station provided by HRS has been commissioned.We could have deployed our technology as early as 2023 had we had a site available by the end of 2022. However  delays in the hydrogen sector have led us to focus on the Marolles site  3 km from our head office  which was made available to us in early 2024.We have also seen major advances in the SAF market  with strategic partnerships with leading players such as LanzaJet/LanzaTech  IðunnH2 and ATOBA Energy  who recognize the potential of our technologies  including renewable methanol. These partnerships are enabling us to structure our development within this booming sector and we have already created a project company (SPV) for the Paris-Vatry SAF project  designed to produce 60 000 tons of SAF per year. We have also initiated the launch of SAF Zero  a spin-off designed to maximize our potential in the SAF market  where investments worth trillions of euros are expected between 2025 and 2050. Finally  our Haffner Energy  Inc. subsidiary (not consolidated) in the United States opens up major prospects for us in North America.The syngas market makes it possible to decarbonize many industries by replacing fossil natural gas with syngas without having to change our customers' industrial equipment. Syngaz provides a unique  carbon-free and competitive solution with regard to natural gas. The main challenge is financing installations  and we are actively developing third-party financing solutions with several partners.From a financial standpoint  we have implemented a plan to reduce and control our operating expenses in order to control our costs while preserving our potential for commercial and industrial development. Our streamlining efforts and budgetary discipline have led to an improvement in our EBITDA  thus strengthening our resilience and our ability to accelerate our development while securing our business continuity.We believe that our key differentiating factors  combined with our demonstrated technological maturity  place us in a positive dynamic with solid growth prospects. As of the next closing  on March 31  2026  we expect to be EBITDA breakeven  given the short-term order prospects  particularly related to the demonstration of mobility-grade hydrogen production in Marolles.We are convinced that our mastery of biomass valorization  whose biogenic carbon is essential  and our differentiating approach will make a significant contribution to the global energy transition.”Use of FundsThis fundraising will allow the company to finance its activities until the end of March 2026  excluding the effect of potential contract signatures expected during this period. This cash horizon also takes into account the cost reductions undertaken by the Company  which significantly cap the average monthly cash burn  excluding revenues and non-recurring expenses  under €600k to date (compared to €1M as indicated in the half-year results press release published on December 17  2024).The cash runway also includes the receipt of innovation aid in the form of a loan (Innovation – Research and Development Loan) in the amount of €500k granted by Bpifrance (and received at the beginning of March 2025)  relating to the project for a hydrogen production  testing and training center in Marolles  bringing the total public funding obtained for this project to €1.5M (cf. press release and November 22  2024 media kit).In addition  the Company estimates that the net loss for the year ended March 31  2025 should be reduced compared to the previous year due to the full impact in the second half of the year of the cost reductions implemented during the first half. It also confirms its breakeven EBITDA target as of March 31  20261  including the launch of SAF Zero2. Finally  in order to offer a clearer and more representative view of its business and prospects  the Company is now adopting a communication based on a weighted sales pipeline instead of medium-term annual revenue targets  as was previously practiced  as projects typically convert into backlog over a two-year cycle. This weighted pipeline is determined by applying a probability of success to the potential revenue of each project that counts in the sales pipeline.Thus  given an unweighted pipeline of projects amounting to €1.55 billion to date  the weighted pipeline currently amounts to €388M with hydrogen projects currently representing only 18% of the total.If  at present and before taking into account the Capital Increase  the Company does not have sufficient cash and net working capital to meet its current obligations over the next twelve months  it will have sufficient cash and net working capital to meet its working capital requirements after completion of the Capital Increase  including in the event of completing 77.5% of the capital increase  i.e. on the basis of the irrevocable subscription commitments already obtained.Underwriting commitments received to dateAs of the date of this press release  the Company has received underwriting commitments for a total amount of €5.4M representing 77.5% of the issuance  with the possibility it may raise up to €5.5M. This amount includes:Underwriting commitments on the part of Haffner Participation  VICAT and EUREFI  of €950k  €1M and €0.9M (potentially up to €1.03M) respectively  representing in all 41% of the initial offer before the possible exercise of the extension clause;Subscription commitments from six institutional investors for a total amount of €2.5M  representing 36% of the issue before exercise of the extension clause  of which €1.5M on an irreducible basis and €1M on an unrestricted basis  remunerated (up to 8% of their commitments) in order to ensure that the initial amount of the issue is reached  if necessary.The company is not aware of the intentions of its other shareholders.Retention and Withholding CommitmentsIn the context of the Capital Increase  Haffner Participation and EUREFI  long-standing shareholders of the Company  holding directly and jointly 52.73% of the share capital and 59.69% of the voting rights before the Capital Increase  have entered into a 180-day lock-up commitment covering all the shares they hold prior to the Capital Increase  subject to the usual exceptions.Haffner Energy has committed not to issue new shares after the Capital Increase for 180 days  except for customary exceptions.STOCK DETAILS AND FEATURES OF THE COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANTS (ABSA)Share capital before the Capital IncreasePrior to the operation  the Company's share capital is composed of 44 693 457 shares  fully subscribed and paid up  with a nominal value of €0.10 per share.Stock  BSA and PSR codesLabel: Haffner EnergyStock ISIN code: FR0014007ND6Ticker: ALHAFPSR ISIN code: FR001400XXP1Warrant ISIN code: FR001400Y4X9Place of listing: Euronext Growth ParisLEI code: 969500KUNUHC32N0J037Operation and common stock purchase warrants (ABSA) featuresThe operation consists in a Capital Increase by issuing ABSA with preferential subscription rights (PSR). The transaction will involve the issuance of 17 488 744 ABSA at a unit price of €0.40  at the rate of 9 ABSA for 23 Existing Shares held (23 PSR will allow the subscription to 9 ABSA)  i.e. gross proceeds of €6 995 497.60.Each ABSA will be composed of one new Ordinary Share and one warrant. The Warrants will be detached from the ABSA immediately after the issuance of the ABSA and will be admitted to trading on Euronext Growth. The characteristics of the Warrants are defined below:Number of Warrants issued: 17 488 744 (i.e. one (1) Warrant per ABSA)Exercise parity: 3 Warrants will allow the subscription to one (1) New Share  subject to legal adjustmentsSubscription price of the New Shares upon exercise of the warrants: €1.20Listing of the Warrants: Yes (ISIN code FR001400Y4X9)Maturity: 18 months from the date of issuance of the ABSAsExercise period: from 04/04/2026 to 04/10/2026 inclusiveThe exercise of the 17 488 744 Warrants would represent  in the long term  a potential capital increase of a gross amount of €7M.Legal framework for the Capital IncreaseThe Board of Directors of the Company  at its March 12  2025 meeting  decided to implement the 7th resolution adopted at the Combined General Meeting of September 12  2024  in accordance with the delegation of authority granted to it by the Company's shareholders in order to proceed with the Capital Increase (with the possibility of exercising the extension clause  see below).Extension clauseDepending on demand  the Company may exercise the extension clause in accordance with the 11th resolution of the Combined Shareholders' Meeting of September 12  2024  up to a limit of (i) 15% of the initial amount of the issue and (ii) a total issue amount of up to €8M in nominal terms  i.e. an issue proceeds of €6 995 497.60 that may be increased to €7 999 999.60 in order to serve all or part of the subscription orders on a reducible basis. Thus  the initial number of 17 488 744 ABSA could be increased by 2 511 255 additional ABSAs  bringing the total number of ABSAs to be issued to a maximum of 19 999 999 shares.Similarly  the additional 2 511 255 warrants issued if the extension clause were exercised in full would make it possible to subscribe  if applicable  to 837 085 additional New Shares bringing the potential capital increase  in the long term  to €8 000 000.Subscription priceThe subscription price has been set at €0.40 per ABSA  i.e. €0.10 nominal value and €0.30 issue premium  representing a face discount of 59% compared to the closing price of March 12  2025 (€0.98).Subscription on an irreducible basisABSA subscription is reserved for holders of existing shares recorded in their securities accounts at the end of the day preceding the opening date of the subscription period. PSR holders will be able to subscribe on an irreducible basis  at the rate of 9 ABSA for 23 Existing Shares held  i.e. 23 PSR which will allow them to subscribe to 9 ABSA. PSR may only be exercised up to a number of PSR allowing the subscription of a whole number of ABSA.Subscribers who do not possess  in respect of the subscription on an irreducible basis  a sufficient number of existing shares or PSR to obtain a whole number of ABSA  will have to make it their business to acquire or sell on the market the number of PSR required to allow them to reach the multiple leading to a whole number of New Shares.Subscription on a reducible basisA PSR is hereby introduced for the benefit of shareholders  which will be exercised in proportion to their rights and within the limits of their requests. At the same time as they exercise their subscriptions on an irreducible basis  shareholders or assignees of PSR will be able to subscribe on a reducible basis for the number of ABSA they wish  in addition to the number of ABSA resulting from the exercise of their PSR on an irreducible basis.Any ABSA that are not absorbed by the non-reducible subscriptions will be distributed and allocated to the reducible subscribers. Subscription orders on a reducible basis will be served within the limit of their requests and in proportion to the number of existing shares whose rights have been used in support of their subscription on an irreducible basis  without this resulting in an allocation of a fraction of an ABSA.In the event that the same subscriber submits several separate subscriptions  the number of ABSAs to which she is entitled on a reducible basis will only be calculated on all of her PSR if she expressly requests it in writing  no later than the day on which the subscription is closed. This request must be attached to one of the subscriptions and give all the information useful for the consolidation of rights  specifying the number of subscriptions established as well as the authorized intermediary(s) with whom these subscriptions have been filed. Subscriptions in the name of separate policyholders cannot be combined to obtain reducible ABSA. A notice published by Euronext will make known  if applicable  the distribution scale for subscriptions on a reducible basis.Request for unrestricted subscriptionAny person or legal entity  whether or not they hold any PSR  may subscribe to the Capital Increase on an unrestricted basis. Individulas interested in an unrestricted subscription must send their request to CIC Market Solutions3 (Middle Office Issuers  6 avenue de Provence  75009 Paris) or to their authorized financial intermediary at any time during the subscription period and pay the corresponding subscription price. In accordance with the provisions of Article L.225-134 of the French Commercial Code  subscriptions on an unrestricted basis will only be taken into account if the irreducible and reducible subscriptions have not absorbed the entire capital increase  it being specified that the Board of Directors will have the option of freely allocating the unsubscribed shares  in whole or in part  among the persons (shareholders or third parties) of its choice who have made unrestricted subscription requests.Exercizing PSRTo exercise their PSR  holders must make a request to their authorized financial intermediary at any time during the subscription period  i.e. between March 19  2025 and March 28  2025 inclusive  and pay the corresponding subscription price. Each subscription must be accompanied by payment of the subscription price in cash or by offsetting liquid and due claims on the Company. Subscriptions that have not been fully paid up will be cancelled ipso jure. PSR must be exercised by their beneficiaries before the end of the subscription period. PSR will be tradable from March 17  2025 to March 26  2025 inclusive. The transferor of the PSR will be divested of it in favor of the transferee who  for the exercise of the PSR thus acquired  will be purely and simply substituted in all the rights and obligations of the owner of the existing share. PSR not exercised by the close of the subscription period will automatically lapse.PSR quotationAt the close of trading on March 14  2025  the Company's shareholders will receive 1 PSR for each share held (i.e. a total of 44 693 457 PSR issued). Each shareholder holding 23 PSR (and multiples of this number) will be able to subscribe to 9 ABSA (and multiples of this number) at a unit price of €0.40. They will be listed and traded on Euronext Growth  under ISIN code FR001400XXP1 from March 19 to March 26  2025 inclusive. If these PSR are not subscribed or sold  they will lapse at the end of the subscription period and their value will be zero.BSA quotationAt the close of trading on April 4  2025  the Company's shareholders who have subscribed to the Capital Increase will receive 1 Warrant for each ABSA subscribed (i.e. a maximum of 19 999 999 Warrants). Each shareholder holding 3 Warrants (and multiples thereof) will be entitled to subscribe to 1 New Share (and multiples thereof) at a unit price of €1.20 as from April 4  2026. They will be listed and traded on Euronext Growth  under ISIN code FR001400Y4X9 and will be exercisable until October 4  2026.PSR theoretical value€0.16 (based on the closing price of the Company's shares on March 12  2025  i.e. €0.98). The subscription price of €0.40 per share represents a discount of 51% to the theoretical value of the share after detachment of the right.Warrant theoretical value€0.06 based on the closing price of the Company's share on March 12  2025  i.e. €0.98 as well as:A parity of 3 Warrants for 1 shareA subscription price per share of €1.20A risk-free rate of 3.30%Historical Company price volatility of 22%For a period of exercise from April 4  2026 to October 4  2026 inclusiveA dividend rate of 0%PSR detached from treasury sharesPursuant to Article L. 225-206 of the French Commercial Code  the Company may not subscribe to its own shares. The preferential subscription rights detached from the Company's treasury shares will be sold on the market before the end of their trading period under the conditions of Article L. 225-210 of the French Commercial Code.Limitation of the amount of the Capital IncreaseIn the event that the subscriptions  both on an irreducible basis and on a reducible basis  have not absorbed the entire issue  the Board of Directors may limit the amount of the issue to the amount of the subscriptions received  in accordance with Article L. 225-134 of the French Commercial Code  provided that it reaches at least 75% of the specified amount of the issue.Paying agents – Subscription paymentsSubscriptions for ABSA and payments of funds by subscribers whose shares are held in administered registered or bearer form will be received up to and including the closing date of the subscription period by their authorized intermediary acting in their name and on their behalf. Subscriptions and payments by subscribers whose shares are held in pure registered form will be received free of charge by CIC Market Solutions. The ABSA will be fully paid up at the time of subscription  either in cash or by offsetting liquid and due claims on the Company  for the full nominal value and issue premium  it being specified that the amount of the issue premium paid will be recorded as a liability on the balance sheet in a special “Issue premium” account to which the rights of existing and new shareholders will relate. Funds received in support of subscriptions will be centralized by CIC  which will issue a certificate of deposit acknowledging the completion of the capital increase. Subscriptions for which payments have not been made will be cancelled ipso jure  without the need for formal notice.Gilbert Dupont  Groupe Société Générale  is acting as global coordinator and sole bookrunner for the Capital Increase (the “Global Coordinator and Sole Bookrunner”).GuaranteeThe Capital Increase has been the subject of a management agreement entered into on March 12  2025 between the Company and the Global Coordinator and Sole Bookrunner. The Capital Increase will not be subject to a performance guarantee within the meaning of article L. 225-145 of the French Commercial Code. Trading in the shares will therefore only start once settlement and delivery have been completed and the depositary's certificate has been issued.Settlement and delivery of the New SharesAccording to the indicative timetable for the issue  the settlement-delivery date for the ABSA is scheduled for April 4  2025.Terms and conditions of the New SharesNature and form of the shares: the New Shares to be issued as a result of the Capital Increase are ordinary shares of the Company of the same class as the existing shares.The New Shares will be subject to all the provisions of the Articles of Association.The fully paid-up shares will be held in registered or bearer form  at the option of their holders  subject to current legislation and the Company's bylaws.Application will be made for these shares to be admitted to Euroclear France.Dividend rights of the New Shares: The New Shares will carry current dividend rights and will be assimilated to the Company's existing shares.Listing of the New Shares: Application will be made for the New Shares to be listed on Euronext Growth in Paris on April 4  2025. They will not be listed until the depositary's certificate of deposit has been issued. They will be immediately assimilated to the Company's existing shares already traded on Euronext Growth in Paris and will be tradable  as from this date  on the same quotation line as these shares under the same ISIN code FR0014007ND6 - ticker ALHAF.BSA (Warrants) Terms and ConditionsWarrrants are transferable securities giving access to capital  subject to the provisions of Articles L. 228-91 et seq. of the French Commercial Code.Maximum Warrant Number: 19 999 999Detachment of the Warrants: as soon as the Capital Increase is reachedDate of issue of the Warrants: April 4  2025Form and method of account registration: Warrants will be issued in bearer form  with the exception of those issued to shareholders whose shares to which the Warrants relate are held in pure registered form  which will be issued in pure registered form.Ownership of Warrants will be established by registration in an account with the issuer or an authorized intermediary  in accordance with article L. 211-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.They will be entered in the following areas  depending on the case:CIC Market Solutions  6 avenue de Provence  75009 Paris  mandated by the Company for BSA registered in direct registered form  oran authorised intermediary for bearer Warrants.Proof of the rights of any Warrants holder will be made by registration in the holder's name in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.The transfer of ownership of Warrants will result from their registration in the account of their holder in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 431-2 of the Monetary and Financial Code.Warrants will be registered in an account and will be tradable from April 4  2025 under ISIN code FR001400Y4X9.Warrants will be admitted to trading on Euroclear France  which will be responsible for clearing securities between account holders. Settlement and delivery of the Warrants will be handled by the Euroclear France settlement system.Exercise Parity: three (3) Warrants will give its holder the right to subscribe to one share of the Company subject to any adjustment of the Exercise Parity.Fractional payments: Warrants may only be exercised up to a number of Warrant allowing the subscription of a whole number of shares.In the event that a Warrant holder does not have a sufficient number of Warrants to subscribe for a whole number of New Shares of the Company  he will have to make it his business to acquire on the market the number of Warrants necessary to subscribe for such a whole number of shares of the Company.Fractional Warrant may be sold on the market during the exercise period.Terms of exercise: the exercise of Warrant is optional for their holders.To exercise their Warrants  holders must make a request to the financial intermediary with whom their shares are registered  and pay the amount due to the Company as a result of such exercise.The subscription price of the New Shares must be paid in full in cash at the time Warrants are exercised  or by offsetting against certain  liquid and payable debts owed to the Company. CIC Market Solutions (6 avenue de Provence  75009 Paris) will centralize these transactions.Suspension of the right to exercise Warrants: in the event of a capital increase or other financial transaction involving pre-emptive subscription rights or a priority subscription period for shareholders  as well as in the event of a merger or demerger  the Company may suspend the exercise of subscription rights for a period not exceeding three months  provided that this does not prevent holders from exercising their warrants.The Company's decision to suspend the exercise of Warrants will be the subject of a notice published in leagal announcements (the Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires  BALO). This notice will be published at least seven days before the date the suspension is implemented; this information will also be the subject of an opinion from Euronext Paris.Maximum number of shares that may be issued: 6 666 666 New Shares  subject to any adjustments to the Exercise Parity.Dividend rights attached to shares issued on exercise of BSA: shares issued on exercise of Warrants will carry dividend rights from the first day of the financial year in which the Warrants are exercised  and will be subject to all the provisions of the Company's bylaws and any other agreements entered into between the Company's shareholders.These New Shares will be assimilated to the Company's Existing Shares.Exercise price: €1.20 for one share at the rate of one (1) New Share for three (3) Warrants exercised corresponding to €0.40 per Warrant.Warrants will be fully released from the issue price at the time of subscription by the subscribers.Exercise period: from April 4  2026 (inclusive) to October 4  2026 (inclusive).Warrants that have not been exercised by October 4  2026 at the latest will immediately and automatically become null and void  without any further formality.There are no plans for the Company to redeem or repurchase Warrants.Early exercise option: noneRepresentation of Warrant holders: in order to defend their interests  Warrant holders will be grouped into a “mass” (group) under the conditions laid down by law. At the end of the subscription period  they will convene a special meeting  at the request of the Chairman of the Company  to appoint their representative  in accordance with Articles L. 228-47 and L. 228-103 of the French Commercial Code.The special meetings of Warrant holders will be called to authorize any changes to the terms and conditions of Warrants and to rule on any decisions affecting the subscription conditions determined at the time of the Capital Increase.However  if all BSA are held by the same holder  the sole holder exercises the powers conferred by law and these characteristics and terms and conditions on the body and the general meeting of the holders.Maintaining the rights of Warrant holders - adjustments: as an exception to Articles L. 228-98 and L. 228-100 of the French Commercial Code  the Company may  without consulting the Warrant holders' General Meeting  redeem its share capital  change the allocation of its profits or issue preference shares  provided that it has taken the necessary measures to preserve the rights of Warrant holders for as long as any Warrants are outstanding.The Company is also authorized to change its corporate form or purpose without seeking the prior authorization of the Warrant holders.In accordance with the provisions of Articles L. 228-98 and L. 228-100 of the French Commercial Code  in the event of a reduction in the Company's capital motivated by losses and carried out by the reduction of the nominal amount  the rights of the Warrant holders will be reduced accordingly  as if they had exercised them before the date on which the capital reduction became final. In the event of a capital reduction due to losses by reducing the number of shares  the rights of the Warrant holders as to the number of shares to be received upon exercise of Warrant will be reduced accordingly as if they had been shareholders from the date of issue of the Warrants.Upon completion of the following transactions: (1.) financial transactions with preferential subscription rights  (2.) free allocation of shares to shareholders  consolidation or division of shares  (3.) increase in the nominal amount of shares  (4.) distribution of cash or in-kind reserves  or bonuses  (5.) free allocation to the Company's shareholders of any financial instrument other than shares of the Company  (6.) absorption  merger  demerger  (7.) repurchase of its own shares at a price higher than the stock market price  (8.) depreciation of capital  (9.) modification of the distribution of its profits by the creation of preferred shares  which the Company may carry out as of the Capital Increase  the maintenance of the rights of the holders of Warrants will be ensured by adjusting the conditions for exercising Warrants in accordance with Articles L. 228-98 et seq. of the Commercial Code.This adjustment will be made in such a way that it equalizes the value of the securities that would have been obtained in the event of the exercise of Warrants before the completion of one of the above-mentioned transactions and the value of the securities that will be obtained in the event of an exercise after the completion of the said transaction.In the event of adjustments  the new allocation ratio will be determined to the nearest hundredth of a share (0.005 being rounded up to the next hundredth  i.e. 0.01). Any subsequent adjustments will be made on the basis of the above allocation ratio calculated and rounded in this way. However  Warrants may only give rise to the delivery of a whole number of shares  the settlement of fractional shares being specified below in the paragraph ""Settlement of fractional shares"".This adjustment will be made in accordance with the provisions of Articles R. 228-87 et seq. of the French Commercial Code by reference to the last price listed on Euronext Growth.In the event that the Company carries out transactions for which an adjustment has not been made in respect of transactions (1) to (9) specified above and where a subsequent legislation or regulation provides for an adjustment  or in the event that subsequent legislation or regulation modifies the planned adjustments  the Company will make such adjustment in accordance with the applicable laws or regulations and the practices thereof on the French market.The Board of Directors will report on the calculation elements and the results of the adjustment in the first annual report following the adjustment.Transfer: Warrants are freely transferable.Listing: Warrants will be the subject of an application for listing on Euronext Growth. They are scheduled to be listed on Euronext Growth from April 4  2025 under the ISIN code FR001400Y4X9 until October 4  2026 (inclusive)  at which time they will be delisted from Euronext Growth.The New Shares issued upon exercise of the Warrants will be subject to periodic applications for listing on Euronext Growth in Paris.Tax regime of Warrants: it is the responsibility of the holders to obtain useful advice from a counsel of their choice regarding the tax treatment of Warrants.Applicable law and competent courts : Warrants are governed by French law. Any dispute arising out of the existence  validity  interpretation or performance hereof shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the competent commercial court.Placement restrictionsThe sale of ABSA and PSR may be subject to specific regulations in certain countries.WebinarHaffner Energy’s executive team will be holding a webinar on March 13  2025 at 6:00 pm CET to discuss the current transaction and strategy. The presentation  in French  will be followed by a Q&A session. The webinar can be accessed here. A replay of the webinar will be available on the Company's website on March 14.Impact of the issuance on consolidated equity per shareEquity per share (in euros) Before ABSA issue €0.47 After 17 488 744 ABSA issue from the Capital Increase €0.45 After 19 999 999 ABSA issue from the capital increase in the event of an extension to 115% of the offer €0.045 Equity per share (in euros) with impact of warrants After 17 488 744 ABSA issue from the Capital Increase and exercise of the 17 488 744 Warrants €0.52 After 19 999 999 ABSA issue resulting from the capital increase in the event of an extension to 115% of the offer and exercise of the 19 999 999 Warrants €0.52Impact of the issue on the shareholder's positionShareholder participation (%) Before ABSA issue 1% After 17 488 744 ABSA issue from the Capital Increase 0.35% After 19 999 999 ABSA issue resulting from the capital increase in the event of maximum exercise of the extension clause 0.33% Shareholder participation (%) with BSA impact After 17 488 744 ABSA issue from the Capital Increase and exercise of the 17 488 744 BSA 0.32% After 19 999 999 ABSA issuance resulting from the capital increase in the event of maximum exercise of the extension clause and exercise of the 19 999 999 Warrants 0.30%Before the Operation After Capital Increase is fully completed Shares Capital % % voting rights Shares Capital % % voting rights Haffner Participation 17 824  000 39.88% 45.15% 20 199 000 32.48% 39.42% Eurefi 5 741 600 12.85% 14.54% 7 988 902 12.85% 14.24% Concert 23 565 600 52.73% 59.69% 28 187 902 45.33% 53.66% Cornerstone industriels 15 001 112 33.56% 33.05% 16 501 112 28.14% 29.65% Floating 5 736 238 12.83% 7.26% 16 102 680 25.90% 16.70% Held shares 390 507 0.87% 0.00% 390 507 0.63% 0 00% Total 44 693 457 100.00% 100.00% 61 182 201 100.00% 10000%Shareholder structure before and after the Operation (assuming 100% completion)Capital Increase TimelineMarch 12  2025 Board of Directors deciding on the terms of the offer March 13  2025 before market opening Publication of a press release describing the main features of the transaction and restoring equality of information.Publication by Euronext of the notice of launch of the capital increase March 14  2025 Accounting day at the end of which holders of existing shares recorded in their securities accounts will be granted preferential subscription rightsLegal publication in the BALO March 17  2025 Detachment and start of trading of preferential subscription rights on Euronext Growth Paris March 19  2025 Opening of the subscription periodBeginning of the PSR exercise period March 26  2025 End of listing of PSR on Euronext Growth Paris March 28  2025 End of PSR exercise periodEnd of subscription period April 2  2025 Publication of a press release announcing the results of subscriptions.Publication by Euronext Paris of the notice of admission of the New Shares and Warrants  indicating the final amount of the capital increase and the allocation scale for reducible subscriptions. April 4  2025Issue of New Shares and WarrantsSettlement-delivery of the transactionAdmission of the New Shares to tradingThe PSR holder's custodian may shorten the deadlines (date and time) for exercising preferential subscription rights (PSR). We remind you that account keepers must inform investors through securities transactions  and we invite investors to contact their account keeper.Pursuant to the provisions of Article L.411-2-1 1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code and Article 211-2 of the General Regulations of the Autorité des marchés financiers (the AMF)  the Capital Increase does not give rise to a prospectus submitted to the AMF for approval insofar as the total amount of the offer calculated over a period of twelve months does not reach €8M. A notice to shareholders relating to this transaction will be published on March 14  2025 in the Bulletin des Annonces Légales et Obligatoires (BALO).Risk factorsThe main risk factors relating to the issue are set out below:The PSR market may offer only limited liquidity and be subject to high volatility;Shareholders who do not exercise their PSR will see their stake in the Company's capital diluted;The market price of the Company's shares could fluctuate and fall below the subscription price of the shares issued on exercise of the PSR;The volatility and liquidity of the Company's shares could fluctuate significantly;In the event of a fall in the market price of the Company's shares  PSR could lose their value.Risk factors relating to the Company are presented in the 2023-2024 management report on page 36 and in the prospectus approved by the AMF on January 28  2022 related to the Company's initial public offering.All financial information is available on the Company's website https://www.haffner-energy.com/fr/documentation-financiere/.All the information related to the Operation are available on the dedicated website.About Haffner EnergyHaffner Energy is a French company providing solutions for the production of competitive clean fuels. With 32 years of experience converting biomass into renewable energies  it has developed innovative proprietary biomass thermolysis and gasification technologies to produce renewable gas  hydrogen and methanol  as well as Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF). The company also contributes to regenerating the planet  through the co-production of biogenic CO 2 and biocarbon (or char/biochar). Haffner Energy is listed on Euronext Growth. (ISIN code: FR0014007ND6 – Ticker: ALHAF).Investor relationsinvestisseurs@haffner-energy.comMedia relationsHaffner EnergyLaure BOURDONlaure.bourdon@haffner-energy.com+33 (0) 7 87 96 35 151 As indicated in the press release of the half-year results published on December 17  2024.2 Press release of September 12  2024.3 CIC Market Solutions provides you with its Investor Relations department from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. from Monday to Friday. The service can be reached at 01.53.48.80.10 or 34318@cic.frAttachment",neutral,0.07,0.93,0.0,mixed,0.34,0.26,0.4,True,English,"['€7M Capital Increase', 'preferential subscription rights', 'Haffner Energy', 'ABSA issue', 'standing shareholders', 'new investors', 'launch', 'support', 'long', 'amount', 'first continuous production unit', 'super green” mobility-grade hydrogen', 'H 2 bois SA', 'sustainable aviation fuels', 'associated connection constraints', 'preferential subscription rights', 'Investor subscription commitments', 'strategic turning point', 'key mature sectors', 'biochar production unit', 'primary energy source', 'effective industrial-scale operation', 'several complementary markets', 'PSR negotiation period', 'Paris-Vatry SAF project', 'Subscription period', 'syngas production', 'hydrogen production', 'unit price', 'operational unit', 'Subscription price', 'key contract', 'Marolles unit', 'Subscription parity', 'Haffner Energy', 'energy conversion', 'energy ecosystem', 'ATOBA Energy', 'United States', 'Vitry-le-François', 'capital increase', 'face discount', 'closing price', 'Main terms', '1 New Share', 'FIP-FCPI schemes', 'B ter', 'Philippe Haffner', 'other things', 'decisive factor', 'firm orders', 'successful commissioning', 'training center', 'industrial maturity', 'different cycles', 'industrial decarbonization', 'renewable methanol', 'major asset', 'commercial expansion', 'demanding biofuel', 'technological capacity', 'same syngas', 'limited recourse', 'unique combination', 'different applications', 'current situation', 'critical challenges', 'one hand', 'real conditions', 'laboratory setting', 'second half', 'distribution station', 'head office', 'major advances', 'strategic partnerships', 'leading players', 'IðunnH2', 'booming sector', 'project company', '720 kg/day hydrogen', 'hydrogen sector', 'super-green” hydrogen', 'SAF Zero', 'addressable market', 'market position', '23 Existing Shares', 'SAF market', 'Initial amount', 'thermochemical process', 'sales pipeline', 'competitive biofuels', 'major delays', 'alternative technologies', 'technology demonstration', 'Exercise parity', 'Marolles site', '17,488,744 shares', 'material', 'Canada', 'Australia', 'Japan', 'Webinar', 'French', 'REGISTER', 'France', 'March', '8:00 a', 'CET', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'ALHAF', 'launch', 'cash', 'issuance', 'warrants', 'ABSA', 'maximum', 'event', 'extension', 'clause', 'IR-PME', 'PEA-PME', 'article', 'Founder', 'CEO', '32 years', 'experience', 'biomass', 'history', 'start', 'testing', 'world', 'costs', 'customers', 'proof', 'result', 'construction', 'electricity', 'Switzerland', 'strategy', 'case', 'time', 'IPO', 'risk', 'offering', '99.97% purity', 'impact', 'conflict', 'Ukraine', 'game-changer', 'operations', 'HRS', 'end', 'early', 'LanzaJet/LanzaTech', 'potential', 'development', 'SPV', '60,000 tons', 'spin-off', 'investments', '6:00']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49409,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3041895/0/en/Tonner-Drones-reports-significant-positive-cash-inflow.html,Tonner Drones reports significant positive cash-inflow,Tonner Drones reports significant positive cash-inflow  Schiltigheim  March 13th 2025 08:00  Tonner Drones (’the Company’) is pleased to announce a......,"Tonner Drones reports significant positive cash-inflowSchiltigheim  March 13th 2025 08:00  Tonner Drones (’the Company’) is pleased to announce a financial update  after the Company received many conversion-requests from holders of listed and non-listed warrants.Cash inflow of more than €2 000 000.€1M reimbursement of financial debt.Cash position and cash equivalents of more than €1.750.000 (after reimbursement of €1M of debt).More than 80% of remaining debt is now owned by CEO and President of the board. Also the reference shareholder of the Tonner Drones.After Tonner Drones made inquiries with holders of unlisted warrants  they have indicated to the company that they have sold the vast majority of the shares received. Euronext notifications are often published with a delay and the shares indicated in such notifications are often already traded more early. Investors are advised to visit the website of Tonner Drones where the Company keeps track of the change in share capital. 55% of the non-listed warrants are now already converted  while the other 45% of the remaining non-listed warrants are owned by the two reference shareholders  of which one of them is CEO van den Ouden.CEO is the reference shareholder of the Company after he bought 20.000.000 shares in the market in November  December and January. He has not sold shares and has no intention of selling. Van den Ouden indicated that he is waiving his management fee for the year 2025.Tonner Drones already had finalized the reorganization and refinancing phase of the company in 2024. Costs have been brought back significantly and debt restructured. With the very much strengthened cash position and due to the reduced and simplified debt-position  Tonner Drones is now very well positioned to execute its strategics plans as published in the recent press releases and Q&A.Tonner Drones emphasize again that  since its arrival  it has fought against all variable price instruments like equity lines. The termination of these variable price instruments was achieved  even when the company was in financial difficulties. It was the main goal from the CEO and to achieve this target he significantly supported this strategy financially.“We try to limit dilution as much as possible.” Diede van den Ouden  CEO  said. “However  the issuing of warrants was communicated already in August and October 2024. It was a fair meassure so that shareholders could recapitalize the company themselves and strengthen their position. I would like to thank all historic and current shareholders for the trust they place and have placed in the management to bring the turnaround of the company to success. We are keen on building the Company further back up and to create value for shareholders.”End of Press-Release.About Tonner Drones : Tonner Drones develops technologies for the logistics sector. Tonner Drones holds valuable stakes in some promising French drone manufacturers like Elistair and Donecle. Tonner Drones’ strategy is to increase the value of its shareholdings in these companies through active asset management. Additional revenues can be achieved through royalties from patents held by Tonner Drones. Tonner Drones does not plan on owning a factory; however  it is determined to retain R&D for its products and systems in France.Tonner Drones’ shares are listed on Euronext Growth Paris (ISIN code: FR001400H2X4).More information at www.tonnerdrones.com / contact@tonnerdrones.comFinancial communicationinvestors@tonnerdrones.comWarningRegarding the merits of any transaction or the making of any investment decision. It does not constitute or include any confirmation or commitment by Tonner Drones (or any other person) regarding the present or future value of Tonner Drones ' business  its securities  its subsidiaries or any other assets of Tonner Drones .This press release contains forward-looking statements based on current beliefs and expectations regarding future events. These forward-looking statements may include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and/or expectations regarding future financial results  events  operations and services. and product development  as well as statements regarding performance or events. These statements are generally identified by the terms ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""intend""  ""estimate""  ""plan""  ""project""  ""may""  ""should"" or the negative form of these and other similar expressions. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to inherent risks  uncertainties and assumptions regarding Tonner Drones and its subsidiaries and investments  trends in their businesses  future capital expenditures and acquisitions  developments relating to contingent liabilities  changes in global economic conditions or Tonner Drones ' principal markets  competitive market conditions and regulatory factors. The realization of these events is uncertain; their outcome could turn out to be different from that envisaged today  which is likely to significantly affect the expected results. Actual results may differ materially from those anticipated or implied in these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press release. Except as required by applicable law  Tonner Drones undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements  taking into account new information or future events.Attachment",neutral,0.43,0.56,0.0,mixed,0.28,0.26,0.45,True,English,"['significant positive cash-inflow', 'Tonner Drones', 'promising French drone manufacturers', 'Diede van den Ouden', 'CEO van den Ouden', 'significant positive cash-inflow', 'variable price instruments', 'global economic conditions', 'recent press releases', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'other similar expressions', 'active asset management', 'competitive market conditions', 'future capital expenditures', 'future financial results', 'two reference shareholders', 'Tonner Drones’ strategy', 'share capital', 'other person', 'other assets', 'financial update', 'financial difficulties', 'Financial communication', 'many conversion-requests', 'Cash inflow', 'cash equivalents', 'vast majority', 'Euronext notifications', 'management fee', 'refinancing phase', 'Q&A', 'equity lines', 'main goal', 'fair meassure', 'logistics sector', 'valuable stakes', 'Additional revenues', 'R&D', 'ISIN code', 'investment decision', 'current beliefs', 'product development', 'negative form', 'inherent risks', 'contingent liabilities', 'principal markets', 'regulatory factors', 'future performance', 'unlisted warrants', 'non-listed warrants', 'current shareholders', 'future value', 'financial debt', 'Cash position', 'future events', 'remaining debt', 'strategics plans', 'More information', 'underlying assumptions', 'forward-looking statements', '€1M reimbursement', 'Schiltigheim', 'Company', 'President', 'board', 'inquiries', 'shares', 'delay', 'Investors', 'website', 'track', 'change', 'November', 'December', 'January', 'intention', 'year', 'reorganization', 'Costs', 'reduced', 'simplified', 'debt-position', 'arrival', 'termination', 'target', 'dilution', 'issuing', 'August', 'October', 'historic', 'trust', 'turnaround', 'success', 'Press-Release', 'technologies', 'Elistair', 'Donecle', 'shareholdings', 'companies', 'royalties', 'patents', 'factory', 'products', 'systems', 'France', 'tonnerdrones', 'Warning', 'merits', 'transaction', 'making', 'confirmation', 'commitment', 'present', 'business', 'securities', 'subsidiaries', 'expectations', 'projections', 'estimates', 'objectives', 'operations', 'services', 'terms', 'guarantees', 'uncertainties', 'investments', 'trends', 'acquisitions', 'developments', 'realization', 'outcome']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49410,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3041867/0/en/Vopak-hosts-Capital-Markets-Day-reconfirms-its-strategic-priorities-and-announces-EUR-1-billion-additional-investments-in-gas-and-industrial-infrastructure.html,Vopak hosts Capital Markets Day  reconfirms its strategic priorities and announces EUR 1 billion additional investments in gas and industrial infrastructure,Vopak hosts Capital Markets Day  reconfirms its strategic priorities and announces EUR 1 billion additional investments in gas and industrial infrastructure,Vopak hosts Capital Markets Day  reconfirms its strategic priorities and announces EUR 1 billion additional investments in gas and industrial infrastructureRotterdam  the Netherlands  13th March 2025Today  Royal Vopak (Euronext: VPK) reconfirms its strategic priorities to improve financial and sustainability performance of its portfolio  to grow in industrial and gas terminals and to accelerate towards energy transition infrastructure at its Capital Markets Day. The event features presentations on Vopak’s strategy execution  market developments and updates on strategic priorities and financial framework. Today's event will be accessible via live webcast at our website   starting at 9:00 EST / 14:00 CET. The presentations and recording of the webcast will also be available on our website after the event.Key highlightsVopak increases its operating cash return ambition to above 13%Vopak increases its ambition to grow in gas and industrial infrastructure by an additional EUR 1 billion  reaching a total of EUR 2 billion of which EUR 1 billion has already been committedVopak confirms its ambition to allocate EUR 1 billion in energy transition infrastructureVopak aims to keep a proportional leverage ratio of 2.5-3.0xVopak remains committed to deliver attractive shareholder returns via a progressive dividend policy and evaluate a share buyback program on an annual basis.Dick Richelle  CEO of Royal Vopak: Building on our proven track record of strategic execution  we have delivered an improved cash return and committed EUR 1 billion capex target to grow in industrial and gas terminals  reaching our target ahead of schedule. This positions Vopak with confidence to capture additional growth opportunities in gas and industrial infrastructure as well as infrastructure for the energy transition. Our resilient business model  driven by our 'Improve  Grow  Accelerate' strategy  provides a strong foundation for future growth. This is reflected by the increased operating cash return target of above 13%  which demonstrates our financial discipline and cash focus. We see market opportunities to invest an additional EUR 1 billion in gas and industrial terminals  and we are reconfirming our ambition to invest EUR 1 billion to accelerate towards energy transition infrastructure by 2030. We remain dedicated to delivering sustainable and increasing shareholder returns via a progressive dividend distribution and will evaluate a share buyback program on a yearly basis.Improve financial and sustainability performanceVopak confirms its ambition to continue to focus on improving the financial and sustainability performance of the portfolio underpinned by an increase of the operating cash return target to above 13% compared to previous ambition of above 12% and initial ambition of above 10% as announced in June 2022. Operating cash return target factors in volatility in different market conditions. This is supported by the strong strategy execution that the company has had over the last 3 years. Operating cash return is defined as proportional operating cash flow over proportional capital employed and reflects the increased importance of free cash flow and joint ventures in our portfolio.Grow in industrial and gas terminalsVopak has achieved its target to grow its gas and industrial footprint by committing EUR 1 billion by 2030  ahead of schedule. The majority of these investments were in gas infrastructure to address energy security and affordability needs  a substantial portion has also been committed to growth markets like India and China. Given the positive outlook and market demand for infrastructure  Vopak has the ambition to invest an additional EUR 1 billion by 2030 in projects that will be underpinned by customer commitments and will provide attractive returns upon commissioning. The total investments in gas and industrial infrastructure by 2030 are expected to be around EUR 2 billion  including the already committed EUR 1 billion. These investments will further support long-term and steady cash flow generation.Accelerate towards energy transition infrastructureVopak's ambition to invest EUR 1 billion by 2030 towards energy transition infrastructure remains unchanged. Vopak will continue to have a disciplined and selective approach in these investments with a similar risk return profile as the current business. Vopak will focus on infrastructure solutions for low-carbon fuels and sustainable feedstocks  ammonia as a hydrogen carrier  liquid CO 2   and battery energy storage. Part of Vopak’s ambition to invest in energy transition infrastructure is to repurpose a portion of the existing oil capacity in the hub locations for low carbon fuels and feedstocks.Financial framework: disciplined capital allocation with attractive shareholder returnsVopak aims to deliver strong cash flow generation and commits to a disciplined allocation of capital.First  Vopak targets a robust balance sheet with sufficient financial flexibility. As investments are expected to be mainly via joint ventures  Vopak aims to keep a proportional leverage ratio of 2.5-3.0x which includes Vopak’s economic share of debt in the joint ventures adjusted for IFRS 16 impact. To facilitate the development of growth opportunities that enhance cash return  Vopak's proportional leverage may temporarily fluctuate between 3.0-3.5x during the construction period which can last 2-3 years.Second  Vopak will continue to manage the portfolio in line with its strategy and drive shareholder value creation. Vopak confirms its progressive dividend policy  demonstrating its commitment to returning value to shareholders supported by robust cash flow generation.Third  Vopak aims to invest in attractive and accretive growth projects in gas  industrial and energy transition infrastructure that support the portfolio operating cash return of above 13%.Fourth  Vopak will annually evaluate the potential for a share buyback program as part of its capital allocation strategy  continuing the trend of the last two years of distributing additional shareholder returns via share buyback programs.DisclaimerAny statement  presentation or other information contained herein that relates to future events  goals or conditions is  or should be considered  a forward-looking statement. Although Vopak believes these forward-looking statements are reasonable  based on the information available to Vopak on the date such statements are made  such statements are not guarantees of future performance and readers are cautioned against placing undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Vopak’s outlook does not represent a forecast or any expectation of future results or financial performance. The actual future results  timing and scope of a forward-looking statement may vary subject to (amongst others) changes in laws and regulations including international treaties  political and foreign exchange developments  technical and/or operational capabilities and developments  environmental and physical risks  (energy) resources reasonably available for our operations  developments regarding the potential capital raising  exceptional income and expense items  changes in the overall economy and market in which we operate  including actions of competitors  preferences of customers  society and/or the overall mixture of services we provide and products we store and handle.Vopak does not undertake to publicly update or revise any of these forward-looking statements.About Royal VopakRoyal Vopak helps the world flow forward. At ports around the world  we provide storage and infrastructure solutions for vital products that enrich everyday life. These products include liquids and gases that provide energy for homes and businesses  chemicals for manufacturing products  and edible oils for cooking. For all of these  our worldwide network of terminals supports the global flow of supply and demand. For more than 400 years  Vopak has been at the forefront of fundamental transformations. With a focus on safety  reliability  and efficiency  we create new connections and opportunities that drive progress. Now more than ever  our talented people are applying this mindset to support the energy transition. Together with our partners and customers  we are accelerating the development of infrastructure solutions for hydrogen  ammonia  CO₂  battery energy storage  and low-carbon fuels & feedstocks – paving the way to a more sustainable future. Vopak is listed on Euronext Amsterdam and is headquartered in Rotterdam  the Netherlands.The content of this press release has not been audited or reviewed by an external auditor.For more information  please visit www.vopak.comVopak Press: Liesbeth Lans - Manager External Communication  e-mail: global.communication@vopak.comVopak Analysts and Investors: Fatjona Topciu - Head of Investor Relations  e-mail: investor.relations@vopak.comAttachment,neutral,0.04,0.96,0.0,mixed,0.54,0.25,0.22,True,English,"['EUR 1 billion additional investments', 'Capital Markets Day', 'strategic priorities', 'industrial infrastructure', 'Vopak', 'gas', 'Operating cash return target factors', 'similar risk return profile', 'steady cash flow generation', 'strong cash flow generation', 'proportional operating cash flow', 'EUR 1 billion capex target', 'operating cash return ambition', 'EUR 1 billion additional investments', 'free cash flow', 'proportional leverage ratio', 'progressive dividend policy', 'share buyback program', 'proven track record', 'progressive dividend distribution', 'existing oil capacity', 'robust balance sheet', 'battery energy storage', 'increasing shareholder returns', 'resilient business model', 'low carbon fuels', 'attractive shareholder returns', 'additional growth opportunities', 'different market conditions', 'energy transition infrastructure', 'Capital Markets Day', 'sufficient financial flexibility', 'strong strategy execution', 'cash focus', 'attractive returns', 'proportional capital', 'strong foundation', 'growth markets', 'energy security', 'market opportunities', 'current business', 'low-carbon fuels', 'strategic execution', 'future growth', 'infrastructure solutions', 'market developments', 'market demand', 'capital allocation', 'strategic priorities', '13th March', 'sustainability performance', 'Key highlights', '2.5-3.0x', 'annual basis', 'Dick Richelle', 'yearly basis', 'last 3 years', 'joint ventures', 'affordability needs', 'positive outlook', 'customer commitments', 'selective approach', 'hydrogen carrier', 'hub locations', 'industrial infrastructure', ""Accelerate' strategy"", 'financial framework', 'financial discipline', 'gas infrastructure', 'industrial terminals', 'industrial footprint', 'live webcast', 'previous ambition', 'initial ambition', 'substantial portion', 'disciplined allocation', 'gas terminals', 'total investments', 'Royal Vopak', 'sustainable feedstocks', 'Rotterdam', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'VPK', 'portfolio', 'event', 'presentations', 'updates', 'website', '14:00 CET', 'recording', 'CEO', 'schedule', 'confidence', 'Improve', 'increase', 'June', 'volatility', 'company', 'importance', 'majority', 'India', 'China', 'projects', 'commissioning', 'long-term', 'ammonia', 'liquid', 'Part', '9:00']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49411,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3042433/0/en/Wolters-Kluwer-successfully-prices-500-million-seven-year-Eurobond.html,Wolters Kluwer successfully prices €500 million seven-year Eurobond,PRESS RELEASE  Wolters Kluwer successfully prices €500 million seven-year Eurobond  Alphen aan den Rijn – March 13  2025 – Wolters Kluwer  a global...,PRESS RELEASEWolters Kluwer successfully prices €500 million seven-year EurobondAlphen aan den Rijn – March 13  2025 – Wolters Kluwer  a global leader of professional information  software solutions  and services  today announced that it has successfully priced a new €500 million seven-year senior unsecured Eurobond.The bonds were sold at an issue price of 99.278 per cent and carry an annual coupon of3.375 per cent. The settlement date has been set for March 20  2025. The securities were placed with a broad range of institutional investors across Europe.The senior unsecured bonds will mature on March 20  2032. The notes are expected to be rated A3 by Moody’s. The net proceeds of the offering will be used for general corporate purposes.ABN AMRO  Bank of America  Citigroup  ING Bank  Rabobank acted as joint active bookrunners. The bonds will be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.###About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (EURONEXT: WKL) is a global leader in information solutions  software and services for professionals in healthcare; tax and accounting; financial and corporate compliance; legal and regulatory; corporate performance and ESG. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2024 annual revenues of €5.9 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 21 600 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Facebook  YouTube and Instagram.Media Investors/Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens Wolters KluwerAssociate Director Global Communications Wolters KluwerInvestor Relations m +316 12 22 36 57 stefan.kloet@wolterskluwer.comir@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation  general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; conditions created by any pandemics; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment,neutral,0.34,0.65,0.0,negative,0.0,0.14,0.86,True,English,"['€500 million seven-year Eurobond', 'Wolters Kluwer', 'new €500 million seven-year senior unsecured Eurobond', 'Analysts Stefan Kloet Meg Geldens', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Associate Director Global Communications', '€500 million seven-year Eurobond', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'senior unsecured bonds', 'new ICT systems', 'joint active bookrunners', 'Luxembourg Stock Exchange', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'general corporate purposes', 'general economic conditions', 'new information', 'global leader', 'corporate compliance', 'corporate performance', 'professional information', 'information solutions', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'issue price', '99.278 per cent', 'annual coupon', 'settlement date', 'broad range', 'institutional investors', 'net proceeds', 'ABN AMRO', 'Official List', 'critical decisions', 'expert solutions', '2024 annual revenues', 'Media Investors', 'Investor Relations', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'software solutions', 'ING Bank', 'regulatory rules', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'various countries', 'financial risks', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'March', 'services', 'securities', 'Europe', 'notes', 'Moody', 'offering', 'America', 'Citigroup', 'Rabobank', 'EURONEXT', 'WKL', 'professionals', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'ESG.', 'customers', 'technology', 'operations', '21,600 people', 'company', 'Netherlands', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Instagram', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'pandemics', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'Trademarks', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '75']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49412,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.etfdailynews.com/2025/03/13/victory-capital-management-inc-sells-2705-shares-of-public-storage-nysepsa/,Victory Capital Management Inc. Sells 2 705 Shares of Public Storage (NYSE:PSA),Victory Capital Management Inc. cut its stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 5.6% in the fourth quarter  HoldingsChannel.com reports. The fund owned 45 415 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 2 705 shares during the…,Victory Capital Management Inc. cut its stake in Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report) by 5.6% in the fourth quarter  HoldingsChannel.com reports. The fund owned 45 415 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 2 705 shares during the period. Victory Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in Public Storage were worth $13 599 000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission.Several other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI raised its stake in Public Storage by 40.4% during the 4th quarter. Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI now owns 4 734 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1 401 000 after buying an additional 1 363 shares during the last quarter. State of Michigan Retirement System grew its holdings in shares of Public Storage by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. State of Michigan Retirement System now owns 47 121 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $14 110 000 after acquiring an additional 200 shares during the period. Steward Partners Investment Advisory LLC increased its position in Public Storage by 23.7% during the fourth quarter. Steward Partners Investment Advisory LLC now owns 4 895 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1 466 000 after acquiring an additional 939 shares during the last quarter. Meridian Wealth Management LLC bought a new position in Public Storage in the fourth quarter valued at about $395 000. Finally  Fidelis Capital Partners LLC boosted its position in Public Storage by 17.1% in the fourth quarter. Fidelis Capital Partners LLC now owns 953 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $282 000 after purchasing an additional 139 shares during the last quarter. 78.79% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors.Get Public Storage alerts:Public Storage Price PerformanceShares of Public Storage stock opened at $303.39 on Thursday. The company has a quick ratio of 0.97  a current ratio of 0.97 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.77. Public Storage has a 52 week low of $256.31 and a 52 week high of $369.99. The stock’s 50-day simple moving average is $299.92 and its 200-day simple moving average is $324.23. The company has a market capitalization of $53.22 billion  a price-to-earnings ratio of 31.50  a PEG ratio of 4.91 and a beta of 0.73.Public Storage Dividend AnnouncementAnalyst Ratings ChangesThe firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend  which will be paid on Friday  March 28th. Shareholders of record on Thursday  March 13th will be paid a $3.00 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday  March 13th. This represents a $12.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.96%. Public Storage’s payout ratio is 112.89%.Several equities research analysts have recently commented on PSA shares. Wells Fargo & Company reduced their price target on shares of Public Storage from $365.00 to $330.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Friday  February 21st. Truist Financial upped their target price on shares of Public Storage from $306.00 to $340.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday  December 5th. Royal Bank of Canada dropped their price target on shares of Public Storage from $342.00 to $329.00 and set a “sector perform” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday  February 26th. Barclays restated an “overweight” rating and issued a $354.00 price objective (down from $361.00) on shares of Public Storage in a research note on Wednesday. Finally  Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft upgraded Public Storage from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and lifted their target price for the company from $298.00 to $299.00 in a research report on Friday  January 10th. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating  five have given a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company. Based on data from MarketBeat  the stock currently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $339.69.Check Out Our Latest Analysis on PSAInsider Buying and Selling at Public StorageIn related news  insider Nathaniel A. Vitan sold 450 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday  December 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $317.99  for a total transaction of $143 095.50. Following the completion of the transaction  the insider now owns 2 364 shares in the company  valued at approximately $751 728.36. This represents a 15.99 % decrease in their ownership of the stock. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission  which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Insiders own 11.10% of the company’s stock.About Public Storage(Free Report)Public Storage  a member of the S&P 500 and FT Global 500  is a REIT that primarily acquires  develops  owns  and operates self-storage facilities. At December 31  2023  we had: (i) interests in 3 044 self-storage facilities located in 40 states with approximately 218 million net rentable square feet in the United States and (ii) a 35% common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited (Euronext Brussels: SHUR)  which owned 275 self-storage facilities located in seven Western European nations with approximately 15 million net rentable square feet operated under the Shurgard brand.Further ReadingWant to see what other hedge funds are holding PSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Public Storage (NYSE:PSA – Free Report).Receive News & Ratings for Public Storage Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Public Storage and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['Victory Capital Management Inc.', 'Public Storage', '2,705 Shares', 'NYSE', 'PSA', 'Steward Partners Investment Advisory LLC', 'Fidelis Capital Partners LLC', 'Meridian Wealth Management LLC', 'real estate investment trust', 'Victory Capital Management Inc.', '50-day simple moving average', '200-day simple moving average', 'Several equities research analysts', 'Several other hedge funds', 'Public Storage Price Performance Shares', 'Public Storage Dividend Announcement', 'other institutional investors', 'Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI', 'Michigan Retirement System', 'Seven research analysts', 'Nathaniel A. Vitan', 'Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft', 'sector perform” rating', 'Analyst Ratings Changes', 'Public Storage alerts', 'strong buy rating', 'average price target', 'Public Storage stock', 'average rating', 'target price', 'Royal Bank', 'research note', '$354.00 price objective', 'Moderate Buy', 'research report', 'overweight” rating', 'hold” rating', 'sell” rating', 'hold rating', 'fourth quarter', 'HoldingsChannel.com', 'recent filing', 'Exchange Commission', '4th quarter', 'last quarter', 'quick ratio', 'current ratio', 'equity ratio', 'market capitalization', 'earnings ratio', 'PEG ratio', 'quarterly dividend', 'ex-dividend date', '$12.00 annualized dividend', 'payout ratio', 'Truist Financial', 'January 10th', 'Latest Analysis', 'related news', 'legal filing', 'S&P 500', 'FT Global 500', 'self-storage facilities', 'Free Report', 'NYSE:PSA', '52 week low', 'additional 1,363 shares', 'additional 200 shares', 'additional 939 shares', 'additional 139 shares', 'new position', 'Insider Buying', 'total transaction', 'PSA shares', '$3.00 dividend', '45,415 shares', '2,705 shares', '4,734 shares', '47,121 shares', '4,895 shares', '953 shares', '450 shares', '2,364 shares', 'stake', 'period', 'Securities', 'positions', 'Thursday', 'company', 'debt', 'beta', 'firm', 'Friday', 'March', 'Shareholders', 'record', 'yield', 'Wells', 'Fargo', 'February', 'December', 'Canada', 'Wednesday', 'Barclays', 'data', 'MarketBeat', 'completion', '15.99 % decrease', 'ownership', 'sale', 'hyperlink', 'Insiders', 'member', 'REIT', 'interests', '40 states', '218 m']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,etfdailynews.com
49413,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3041866/0/en/Dassault-Syst%C3%A8mes-announces-the-launch-of-its-new-employee-shareholding-program.html,Dassault Systèmes announces the launch of its new employee shareholding program,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — March 13  2025  Dassault Systèmes announces the launch of its new employee shareholding program  Dassault......,Press ReleaseVELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY  France — March 13  2025Dassault Systèmes announces the launch of its new employee shareholding programDassault Systèmes (Euronext Paris: FR0014003TT8  DSY.PA) announces the launch of its new employee shareholding program  by way of a capital increase  reserved for employees  of up to 7 million shares  planned on June 27  2025.This third edition will be rolled out in 24 countries  reaching nearly all Dassault Systèmes employees. This program  which has the Board of Directors’ full support  demonstrates the Group’s commitment to ensuring that its employees are closely involved in its development and benefit from the value they help create on a daily basis.Pascal Daloz  Dassault Systèmes’ Chief Executive Officer commented:“At Dassault Systèmes  we have an inclusive and long-term approach to growth: it is about bringing people together to change the lives of consumers  citizens and patients. We have set our strategic horizon for the next 20 years – we call it the Generative Economy and it will be catalyzed by the 3D UNIV+RSES that we create with our customers. TOGETHER  our employee shareholding plan  is part of our ongoing strategy to empower our employees and give them the opportunity to benefit from the company’s long-term growth.”###FOR MORE INFORMATIONDassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  3D design software  3D Digital Mock Up and Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) solutions: http://www.3ds.comABOUT DASSAULT SYSTÈMESDassault Systèmes is a catalyst for human progress. Since 1981  the company has pioneered virtual worlds to improve real life for consumers  patients and citizens. With Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform  350 000 customers of all sizes  in all industries  can collaborate  imagine and create sustainable innovations that drive meaningful impact. For more information  visit: www.3ds.comDassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team FTI ConsultingBeatrix Martinez: +33 1 61 62 40 73 Arnaud de Cheffontaines: +33 1 47 03 69 48investors@3ds.com Jamie Ricketts : +44 20 3727 1600Dassault Systèmes Press ContactsCorporate / France Arnaud MALHERBE arnaud.malherbe@3ds.com +33 (0)1 61 62 87 73North America Natasha LEVANTI natasha.levanti@3ds.com +1 (508) 449 8097EMEA Virginie BLINDENBERG virginie.blindenberg@3ds.com +33 (0) 1 61 62 84 21China Grace MU grace.mu@3ds.com +86 10 6536 2288Japan Reina YAMAGUCHI reina.yamaguchi@3ds.com +81 90 9325 2545Korea Jeemin JEONG jeemin.jeong@3ds.com +82 2 3271 6653India Priyanka PANDEY priyanka.pandey@3ds.com +91 9886302179DisclaimerThe company's capital increase reserved for employees will only be conducted in jurisdictions where it has been registered or notified with the relevant local authorities and/or following the approval of a prospectus by the relevant local authorities  or considering an exemption from the requirement to prepare a prospectus or to register or announce the offering. More generally  the offering will only be conducted in countries where all required registration procedures and/or notifications have been carried out and the necessary authorizations have been obtained.This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy Dassault Systèmes shares in any country or territory.###APPENDIXMain terms of the offeringBeneficiaries of the offering: the beneficiaries are eligible employees and corporate officers of Dassault Systèmes Group companies  members of a company savings plan (PEE - Plan d’Epargne d’Entreprise) or of the international group savings plan  as well as retirees with assets within a PEE.the beneficiaries are eligible employees and corporate officers of Dassault Systèmes Group companies  members of a company savings plan (PEE - Plan d’Epargne d’Entreprise) or of the international group savings plan  as well as retirees with assets within a PEE. Subscription price: it will represent 85% of the Reference Price which is equal to the weighted average of the Dassault Systèmes share price during the 20 trading days from April 15  2025 to May 15  2025.it will represent 85% of the Reference Price which is equal to the weighted average of the Dassault Systèmes share price during the 20 trading days from April 15  2025 to May 15  2025. Subscription and holding terms and conditions: the shares will either be subscribed in registered form or through an FCPE (Fonds Commun de Placement d’Entreprise)  in accordance with applicable regulatory and/or tax legislation in the various countries of residence of the beneficiaries of the offering; the corresponding shares or FCPE units must be held for a maximum period of five years in France and three years outside France  except in the event of an authorized early release.the shares will either be subscribed in registered form or through an FCPE (Fonds Commun de Placement d’Entreprise)  in accordance with applicable regulatory and/or tax legislation in the various countries of residence of the beneficiaries of the offering; the corresponding shares or FCPE units must be held for a maximum period of five years in France and three years outside France  except in the event of an authorized early release. Subscription formula: the offering will consist of a unique subscription formula with a leverage effect and secured in order to guarantee the subscription of the employees  with  in certain countries  a financial mechanism comparable to this formula.the offering will consist of a unique subscription formula with a leverage effect and secured in order to guarantee the subscription of the employees  with  in certain countries  a financial mechanism comparable to this formula. Exercise of voting rights: when the shares are subscribed to  then held through an FCPE  voting rights attached to these shares will be exercised by the FCPE Supervisory Board; when the shares are held in registered form  voting rights will be exercised individually by the employees concerned.when the shares are subscribed to  then held through an FCPE  voting rights attached to these shares will be exercised by the FCPE Supervisory Board; when the shares are held in registered form  voting rights will be exercised individually by the employees concerned. Hedging operations: the implementation of this leveraged subscription formula may lead to hedging operations by CACIB (Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank) as of the beginning of the fixing period of the Reference Price  and over the course of the operation.Indicative calendar of the offeringReservation period: from March 27  2025 to April 10  2025 (inclusive)Fixing of the Reference Price and the Subscription Price: May 16  2025Subscription/withdrawal period: from May 20  2025 to May 22  2025 (inclusive)Settlement-delivery of the offering: June 27  2025Contact for the beneficiaries of the offeringFor all questions regarding this offering  the beneficiaries may contact their Human Resources manager and/or any other person as specified in the documents provided to the beneficiaries.Attachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.03,0.44,0.54,True,English,"['new employee shareholding program', 'Dassault Systèmes', 'launch', 'Dassault Systèmes’ Chief Executive Officer', 'Dassault Systèmes Investor Relations Team', 'Dassault Systèmes Press Contacts Corporate', 'Dassault Systèmes share price', 'Dassault Systèmes’ 3DEXPERIENCE platform', 'Dassault Systèmes Group companies', 'Fonds Commun de Placement', 'Dassault Systèmes shares', 'Dassault Systèmes employees', 'new employee shareholding program', 'international group savings plan', '3D Digital Mock Up', 'France Arnaud MALHERBE arnaud', 'Arnaud de Cheffontaines', 'employee shareholding plan', '3D design software', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'China Grace MU', 'relevant local authorities', 'authorized early release', 'to 7 million shares', 'company savings plan', 'EMEA Virginie BLINDENBERG', 'Japan Reina YAMAGUCHI', 'Korea Jeemin JEONG', 'India Priyanka PANDEY', 'Press Release', 'corporate officers', 'Reference Price', '3D UNIV', 'Subscription price', 'corresponding shares', 'Euronext Paris', 'capital increase', 'third edition', 'full support', 'daily basis', 'Pascal Daloz', 'long-term approach', 'strategic horizon', 'next 20 years', 'ongoing strategy', 'PLM) solutions', 'human progress', 'virtual worlds', 'real life', 'sustainable innovations', 'meaningful impact', 'FTI Consulting', 'Beatrix Martinez', 'Jamie Ricketts', 'North America', 'Natasha LEVANTI', 'registration procedures', 'necessary authorizations', 'Main terms', '20 trading days', 'holding terms', 'registered form', 'applicable regulatory', 'tax legislation', 'maximum period', 'five years', 'three years', 'eligible employees', 'long-term growth', 'various countries', 'FCPE units', '24 countries', 'VELIZY-VILLACOUBLAY', 'March', 'launch', 'DSY', 'way', 'June', 'Board', 'Directors', 'commitment', 'development', 'value', 'inclusive', 'people', 'lives', 'consumers', 'citizens', 'patients', 'RSES', 'customers', 'part', 'opportunity', 'MORE', 'INFORMATION', '3ds', 'catalyst', 'sizes', 'industries', 'investors', 'Disclaimer', 'jurisdictions', 'approval', 'prospectus', 'exemption', 'requirement', 'offering', 'notifications', 'solicitation', 'country', 'territory', 'APPENDIX', 'Beneficiaries', 'members', 'PEE', 'Epargne', 'Entreprise', 'retirees', 'assets', 'average', 'April', 'May', 'conditions', 'accordance', 'residence', 'event']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49414,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3041872/0/en/Nyxoah-Reports-Fourth-Quarter-and-Financial-Year-2024-Financial-and-Operating-Results.html,Nyxoah Reports Fourth Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Financial and Operating Results,REGULATED INFORMATION  Nyxoah Reports Fourth Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Financial and Operating ResultsFDA PMA Application Review Nearing......,"REGULATED INFORMATIONNyxoah Reports Fourth Quarter and Financial Year 2024 Financial and Operating ResultsFDA PMA Application Review Nearing ConclusionPositioned for U.S. Commercial Launch in March 2025Mont-Saint-Guibert  Belgium – March 13  2024  7:00am CET / 2:00am ET – Nyxoah SA (Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq: NYXH) (“Nyxoah” or the “Company”)  that develops breakthrough treatment alternatives for Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA) through neuromodulation  today reported financial and operating results for the fourth quarter and financial year 2024.Recent Financial and Operating HighlightsRevenue for the fourth quarter of 2024 was €1. 3 million   which excludes €0.6 million of deferred revenueRevenue for the full year 2024 was € 4.5 million   which excludes €0.6 million of deferred revenueGross margin for the fourth quarter of 2024 was 73%At December 31  2024  cash and financial assets were € 85. 6 million  compared to €57.7 million at December 31  2023Assembled U.S. e xecutive leadership t eam with d eep i ndustry e xperienceFull U.S. commercial organization   including sales  marketing  and market access teams   in place""2024 was a transformative year for Nyxoah. We reported best-in-class outcomes from our DREAM pivotal study  completed our PMA submission with the FDA for Genio  and built a world-class U.S. commercial organization ” commented Olivier Taelman  Nyxoah's Chief Executive Officer. “We believe an approval is still expected by the end of the first quarter  and we look forward to launching this innovative therapy to the millions of Americans suffering from moderate to severe OSA.”Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 ResultsRevenueIn the fourth quarter of 2024  the Company began recording a portion of the selling price for a Genio system related to disposable patches as deferred revenue and recognized €0.6 million in the quarter. Due to this deferral  reported revenue was €1.3 million for the fourth quarter ending December 31  2024  and €4.5 million for the full year. Had the Company not recorded deferred revenue for its disposable patches  total revenue for the fourth quarter would have €1.9 million  up 46% versus the third quarter of 2024. Likewise  revenue for the full year 2024 would have been €5.1 million  up 18% from €4.3 million in 2023. The increase in full year revenue was attributable to the Company’s commercialization of the Genio® system  primarily in Germany.Cost of Goods SoldCost of goods sold was €0.3 million for the three months ending December 31  2024  representing a gross profit of €0.9 million  or gross margin of 73%. This compares to total cost of goods sold of €0.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2023  for a gross profit of €1.1 million  or gross margin of 60%.For the full year ending December 31  2024  total cost of goods sold was €1.5 million  representing a gross profit of €3.0 million  or gross margin of 66%. This compares to total cost of goods sold of €1.7 million for the full year of 2023  for a gross profit of €2.7 million  or gross margin of 62%.Research and DevelopmentFor the fourth quarter ending December 31  2024  research and development expenses were €11.7 million  versus €7.3 million for the fourth quarter ending December 31  2023. For the full year ending December 31  2024  research and development expenses were €34.3 million  versus €26.7 million for the full year of 2023. The increase in research and development expenses was primarily driven by higher R&D activities and clinical expenses.Selling  General and AdministrativeFor the fourth quarter ending December 31  2024  selling  general and administrative expenses were €8.1million  versus €4.9 million for the fourth quarter ending December 31  2023. For the full year ending December 31  2024  selling  general and administrative expenses were €28.5 million  versus €21.7 million for the full year of 2023. The increase in selling  general and administrative expenses was mainly due to an increase of costs to support the commercialization of Genio® system in Europe and scale up of the Company.Operating LossTotal operating loss for the fourth quarter and full year 2024 was €18.3 million and €58.8 million  respectively  versus €10.8 million and €45.1 million in the fourth quarter and full year 2023  respectively. This was driven by the acceleration in the Company’s R&D spending  as well as ongoing commercial and clinical activities.Cash PositionAs of December 31  2024  cash and financial assets totaled €85.6 million  compared to €57.7 million on December 31  2023.Annual Report 2024Nyxoah is currently finalizing the financial statements for the year ended December 31  2024. The Company’s independent auditor has confirmed that their audit procedures  which have been substantially completed  have not revealed any material adjustments which would have to be made to the accounting information included in this press release. The complete consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31  2024 as well as the complete audit report related to the audit of the consolidated financial statements will be included in the 2024 Annual Report which the Company aims to publish on or around March 20  2025. When published  the Nyxoah Annual Report for the financial year 2024 will be available on the investor page of Nyxoah’s website (https://investors.nyxoah.com/financials).Conference call and webcast presentationCompany management will host a conference call to discuss financial results on Thursday  March 13  2025  beginning at 1:00pm CET / 8:00am ET.A webcast of the call will be accessible via the Investor Relations page of the Nyxoah website or through this link: Nyxoah's Q4 and FY 2024 Earnings Call Webcast. For those not planning to ask a question of management  the Company recommends listening via the webcast.If you plan to ask a question  please use the following link: Nyxoah's Q4 and FY 2024 Earnings Call. After registering  an email will be sent  including dial-in details and a unique conference call access code required to join the live call. To ensure you are connected prior to the beginning of the call  the Company suggests registering a minimum of 10 minutes before the start of the call.The archived webcast will be available for replay shortly after the close of the call.CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (unaudited)(in thousands)For the three months ended December 31 For the twelve months ended December 31  2024202320242023 Revenue 1 2631 8244 5214 348 Cost of goods sold (335)(726)(1 552)(1 656) Gross profit € 928€ 1 098€ 2 969€ 2 692 Research and Development Expense (11 752)(7 321)(34 325)(26 651) Selling  General and Administrative Expense (8 065)(4 893)(28 461)(21 687) Other income/(expense) 5782791 008544 Operating loss for the period €(18 311)€(10 837)€(58 809)€(45 102) Financial income 2 8325827 4474 174 Financial expense 410(964)(5 070)(3 729) Loss for the period before taxes €(15 069)€(11 219)€(56 432)€(44 657) Income taxes (2 080)326(2 804)1 445 Loss for the period €(17 149)€(10 893)€(59 236)€(43 212)Loss attributable to equity holders €(17 149)€(10 893)€(59 236)€(43 212)Other comprehensive income/(loss)Items that may not be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss (net of tax)Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations  net of tax 11811181 Items that may be subsequently reclassified to profit or loss (net of tax)Currency translation differences 545(32)766(120) Total other comprehensive income/(loss) €556€(39)€777€(39) Total comprehensive loss for the year  net of tax €(16 151)€ (10 844)€(58 459)€(43 251) Loss attributable to equity holders €(16 151)€ (10 844)€(58 459)€(43 251)Basic loss per share (in EUR) €(463)€(379)€(1 809)€(1 545) Diluted loss per share (in EUR) €(463)€(379)€(1 809)€(1 545)CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (unaudited)(in thousands)As at December 3120242023 ASSETSNon-current assetsProperty  plant and equipment4 7534 188 Intangible assets50 38146 608 Right of use assets3 4963 788 Deferred tax asset7656 Other long-term receivables1 6171 166€ 60 323€ 55 806 Current assetsInventory4 7163 315 Trade receivables3 3822 758 Other receivables2 7743 212 Other current assets1 6561 318 Financial assets51 36936 138 Cash and cash equivalents34 18621 610€ 98 083€ 68 351 Total assets€ 158 406€ 124 157EQUITY AND LIABILITIESShare capital and reservesShare capital6 4304 926 Share premium314 345246 127 Share based payment reserve9 3007 661 Other comprehensive income914137 Retained loss(217 735)(160 829) Total equity attributable to shareholders€ 113 254€ 98 022LIABILITIESNon-current liabilitiesFinancial debt18 7258 373 Lease liability2 5623 116 Pension liability−9 Provisions1 000185 Deferred tax liability199 Contract liability472− Other liabilities845−€ 23 623€ 11 692 Current liabilitiesFinancial debt248364 Lease liability1 118851 Trade payables9 5058 108 Current tax liability4 3171 988 Contract liability117− Other liabilities6 2243 132€ 21 529€ 14 443 Total liabilities€ 45 152€ 26 135 Total equity and liabilities€ 158 406€ 124 157About NyxoahNyxoah is reinventing sleep for the billion people that suffer from obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). We are a medical technology company that develops breakthrough treatment alternatives for OSA through neuromodulation. Our first innovation is Genio®  a battery-free hypoglossal neuromodulation device that is inserted through a single incision under the chin and controlled by a wearable. Through our commitment to innovation and clinical evidence  we have shown best-in-class outcomes for reducing OSA burden.Following the successful completion of the BLAST OSA study  the Genio® system received its European CE Mark in 2019. Nyxoah completed two successful IPOs: on Euronext Brussels in September 2020 and NASDAQ in July 2021. Following the positive outcomes of the BETTER SLEEP study  Nyxoah received CE mark approval for the expansion of its therapeutic indications to Complete Concentric Collapse (CCC) patients  currently contraindicated in competitors’ therapy. Additionally  the Company announced positive outcomes from the DREAM IDE pivotal study for FDA and U.S. commercialization approval.For more information  please visit http://www.nyxoah.com/ .Caution – CE marked since 2019. Investigational device in the United States. Limited by U.S. federal law to investigational use in the United States.Forward-looking statementsCertain statements  beliefs and opinions in this press release are forward-looking  which reflect the Company’s or  as appropriate  the Company directors’ or managements’ current expectations regarding the Genio® system; planned and ongoing clinical studies of the Genio® system; the potential advantages of the Genio® system; Nyxoah’s goals with respect to the development  regulatory pathway and potential use of the Genio® system; the utility of clinical data in potentially obtaining FDA approval of the Genio® system; receipt of FDA approval; entrance to the U.S. market; and the Company's results of operations  financial condition  liquidity  performance  prospects  growth and strategies. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve a number of risks  uncertainties  assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks  uncertainties  assumptions and factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described herein. Additionally  these risks and uncertainties include  but are not limited to  the risks and uncertainties set forth in the “Risk Factors” section of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2023  filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on March 20  2024  and subsequent reports that the Company files with the SEC. A multitude of factors including  but not limited to  changes in demand  competition and technology  can cause actual events  performance or results to differ significantly from any anticipated development. Forward looking statements contained in this press release regarding past trends or activities are not guarantees of future performance and should not be taken as a representation that such trends or activities will continue in the future. In addition  even if actual results or developments are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release  those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in future periods. No representations and warranties are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements. As a result  the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release as a result of any change in expectations or any change in events  conditions  assumptions or circumstances on which these forward-looking statements are based  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. Neither the Company nor its advisers or representatives nor any of its subsidiary undertakings or any such person's officers or employees guarantees that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors nor does either accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the forward-looking statements contained in this press release or the actual occurrence of the forecasted developments. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which speak only as of the date of this press release.Contacts:NyxoahJohn Landry – CFOIR@nyxoah.comFor MediaUnited StatesFINN Partners – Glenn Silverglenn.silver@finnpartners.comBelgium/FranceBackstage Communication – Gunther De Backergunther@backstagecom.beInternational/GermanyMC Services – Anne Henneckenyxoah@mc-services.euAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.27,0.13,0.6,True,English,"['Fourth Quarter', 'Operating Results', 'Financial Year', 'Nyxoah', 'world-class U.S. commercial organization', 'FDA PMA Application Review Nearing', 'Full U.S. commercial organization', 'U.S. Commercial Launch', 'higher R&D activities', 'complete consolidated financial statements', 'R&D spending', 'breakthrough treatment alternatives', 'Obstructive Sleep Apnea', 'DREAM pivotal study', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'complete audit report', 'Total operating loss', 'Full Year 2024 Results', 'ongoing commercial', 'full year revenue', 'PMA submission', 'd eep', 'clinical activities', 'Operating Results', 'Annual Report', 'Operating Highlights', 'REGULATED INFORMATION', 'Financial Year', 'Euronext Brussels/Nasdaq', 'Recent Financial', 'Gross margin', 'financial assets', 'xecutive leadership', 'access teams', 'transformative year', 'class outcomes', 'Olivier Taelman', 'innovative therapy', 'disposable patches', 'three months', 'gross profit', 'clinical expenses', 'independent auditor', 'audit procedures', 'material adjustments', 'accounting information', 'press release', 'Fourth Quarter', 'first quarter', 'third quarter', 'total revenue', 'total cost', 'Genio system', 'Genio® system', 'development expenses', 'administrative expenses', 'deferred revenue', '7:00am CET', 'severe OSA', 'Cash Position', 'selling price', 'Nyxoah SA', 'The Company', '2:00am', 'Conclusion', 'March', 'Mont-Saint-Guibert', 'Belgium', 'NYXH', 'neuromodulation', 'December', 'ndustry', 'xperience', 'sales', 'marketing', 'place', 'approval', 'millions', 'Americans', 'moderate', 'portion', 'deferral', 'increase', 'commercialization', 'Germany', 'Goods', 'Research', 'General', 'costs', 'Europe', 'acceleration']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49415,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3042434/0/en/Virbac-2024-Annual-results.html,Virbac: 2024 Annual results,1variance at constant exchange rates and scope corresponds to the organic growth of sales  excluding exchange rate variations  by calculating the indicator for the financial year in question and the indicator for the previous financial year on the basis of id…,Very strong revenues increase of 13.6% at constant exchange rates  driven by: dynamic organic growth (+7.5%) strategic contribution of our acquisitions (+6.1%)2024 operating income 2 at an all-time high of 16.6% of revenues (16.0% excluding acquisitions)up by 1.5 percentage points compared to 2023Positive trend for 2025 sales growth expected between 4% and 6% at constant exchange rates and scope operating income relatively stable at around 16%  excluding the impact of acquisitionsCONSOLIDATED FIGURES AS OF DECEMBER 31in € million 2024 2023 Variance 2024/2023 Revenues 1 397 4 1 246 9 +12.1% Change at constant exchange rates1 13 6% Change at constant exchange rates and scope1 +7.5% Current operating profit  before amortization of assets arising from acquisitions2 231 8 188 1 +23.2% as a % of revenue 16 6% 15 1% as a % of revenue at constant rates 16 8% as a % of revenue at constant scope 16 0% Amortization of intangible assets from acquisitions 4 3 3 3 Current operating income 227 5 184 9 +23.0% Non-recurring (expenses) and income -10 4 -0 9 Operating income 217 1 184 0 +18.0% Consolidated net income 145 8 121 1 +20.4% Including net income - Group share 145 3 121 3 Shareholders’ equity - Group share 1 043 1 900 3 15 9% Net debt3 168 5 -52 4 421 6% Operating cash flow before interest and taxes4 280 3 235 1 19 2%1variance at constant exchange rates and scope corresponds to the organic growth of sales  excluding exchange rate variations  by calculating the indicator for the financial year in question and the indicator for the previous financial year on the basis of identical exchange rates (the exchange rate used is the one from the previous financial year)  and excluding change in scope  by calculating the indicator for the financial year in question on the basis of the scope of consolidation for the previous financial year2current operating income  before depreciation of assets arising from acquisitions  reflects current income adjusted for the impact of allowances for depreciation of intangible assets resulting from acquisition transactions3net debt corresponds to current (€57.9 million) and non-current (€222.1 million) financial liabilities as well as a lease obligation related to the application of IFRS 16 (current €11 5 millions € and non-current 26 6 millions €)  less the cash and cash equivalents position (€149.6 million) as published in the statement of financial position4operating cash flow corresponds to operating income (€231.8 million) restated for items having no impact on the cash position and impacts related to disposals. The following items are adjusted: fixed asset depreciation  impairments and provisions (€51.2 million)  impacts related to disposals (+€2.5 million)  other expenses and income without any impact on the cash position (€0.5 million) and provisions related to employee benefits (€0.5 million)  and other non-current income & expenses (-€0.5 million)The accounts were audited by the statutory auditors and examined by the board of directors on March 12  2025. The report of the statutory auditors is in the process of being issued. The statements and detailed presentation of annual income are available on the corporate site at corporate.virbac.com.Annual consolidated revenueAt the end of December 2024  our annual revenue reached €1 397.5 million compared to €1 246 9 million  representing an overall increase of +12.1% compared to 2023 and +13.6% at constant exchange rates. This significant growth is the result of an organic performance of +7.5% and a contribution of +6.1% linked to the acquisitions of Globion (acquisition in India in November 2023) and Sasaeah (acquisition in Japan completed in April 2024). Supported by a globally positive market dynamic  growth (in volume and value) is observed in all regions  with the exception of the Pacific  as well as across all our categories. The Europe area (+10.0% at constant exchange rates and scope) contributes to more than half of the Group's organic growth  benefiting from a strong rebound in the dog and cat vaccine range but also from increased demand for our petfood/pet care ranges. The performance of the North America area (+10.2% at constant exchange rates and scope) benefits from a sustained sales dynamic  particularly for our specialty and dental care products for companion animals.The Latin America area (+7.4% at constant exchange rates and scope) shows strong growth supported by the performances of Chile  which is experiencing a favorable rebound in the aquaculture segment this year  and a strong performance from Mexico (companion & farm animals). Despite a temporary slowdown in sales of vaccines for ruminants  Brazil recorded positive growth (+3.7% at constant exchange rates and scope)  driven in particular by the successful launch of Cortotic for companion animals.The IMEA area maintains a solid performance (+6.7% at constant exchange rates and scope)  particularly in its key segments of ruminants and poultry. The successful integration of Globion (avian vaccines) in November 2023 accelerates this dynamic  with a total increase of +15.1% at actual scope and constant exchange rates.The East Asia area grew by +7.0% at constant exchange rates and scope  mainly driven by China with a growth of 11.7% at constant exchange rates and scope (specialty products and petfood) and sustained growth in Thailand and Japan. The integration of Sasaeah significantly strengthens our size in this area  which is recording a revenue change of +83.0% at actual scope and constant exchange rates.The Pacific area is down (-5.9% at constant exchange rates and scope)  affected by a trend reversal in the livestock market after a year of strong growth in 2023 and unfavourable weather patterns across key regions.Current operating income before depreciation of assets arising from acquisitions amounted to €231.8 million  up compared to 2023 (€188.1 million). Boosted by an estimated ~+3.2% price effect coupled with a more favorable volume and product mix  our organic growth led to an increase of gross margin in absolute value and as a percentage of revenues (+1.7pt at a constant exchange rate). Our operating expenses increased by 12.6% on a reported basis and by 8.3% at a constant scope. This increase is due to higher personnel costs (impact of salary increases in a context of inflation and rising earnings  and the strengthening of organizations) and external expenses. It should be noted that the significant increase in our R&D expenditure  which stems from our commitment to accelerate investment in this crucial area  remained broadly in line with sales growth (R&D expenditure as percentage of revenues remained stable at around 8% of sales in 2024). Overall  our operating income continues to improve: as of December 2024 and on a like-for-like basis  our ratio of operating income before non-recurring items to revenues amounts to 16.2%  up by 1.1 points. As expected  acquisitions in 2024 had an accretive impact on the ratio  which now stands at 16.6% on an actual basis.Consolidated net income was €145.8 million  up by 20.4% compared to 2023. Net financial expenses were slightly down by 5.5% compared to 2023  due to a €5.1 million improvement in certain currencies  almost entirely offset by a €4.7 million increase in net borrowing costs linked to the acquisitions of Globion and Sasaeah. These acquisitions also contributed to the sharp rise in non-recurring expenses  which amounted to 10.4 million euros in 2024. The tax charge increased in absolute terms  reflecting the Group's performance.Net income - Group share amounts to €145.3 million in 2024  up sharply compared to the previous year (€121.3 million).On the financial front  our net debt amounts to €168.5 million at the end of December 2024  compared with a net cash position of €52.4 million at the end of December 2023. This sharp reduction in our net cash position over the year is mainly due to the acquisitions completed this year namely Globion  Sasaeah and Mopsan. Excluding acquisitions  our net cash position improved by €87 million at actual exchange rates.OutlookIn 2025  we currently anticipate revenue growth at constant scope and exchange rates between 4% and 6%.The impact of the Sasaeah acquisition is expected to represent an additional 1 point of growth in 2025. The ratio of “current operating income before amortization of assets resulting from acquisitions” (Ebit adjusted) to “revenue”  is expected to consolidate at the 2024 level at constant scope around 16%. This forecast takes into account the continued voluntary increase in our R&D investments relative to revenue  which will represent approximately +0.3 percentage points in 2025 compared to 2024. In addition  the impact of the Sasaeah acquisition should be neutral overall on operating income in 2025.We reaffirm our ambition to achieve an Ebit adjusted ratio of 20% by 2030: in this respect  we plan over the next few years to gradually restore our R&D investments to the Group's normative and historical level.In addition  Excluding acquisitions  our cash position should improve by €80 million by 2025.Finally  at the next shareholders' meeting  a net dividend per share of €1.45 will be recommended for distribution for the 2024 fiscal year.ANALYSTS’ PRESENTATION – VIRBACWe will hold an analysts meeting on Friday  March 14  2025 at 2:15 p.m. (Paris time - CET) in the Édouard VII Business Center’s auditorium  23 square Edouard VII 75009 Paris (France).Participants may arrive 15 minutes before the start of the meeting.You may also attend the meeting using the webcast ( audio + slides ) available via the link below.Information for participants :Webcast access link: https://bit.ly/3WN9NN1This access link is available on the corporate.virbac.com site  under the heading “Public releases.” This link allows participants to access the live and/or archived version of the webcast.You will be able to ask questions via chat (text) directly during the webcast or after watching the replay via the following email address: finances@virbac.com.Caring for animals togetherAt Virbac  we are constantly exploring new ways to prevent  diagnose and treat the majority of animal pathologies. We develop care  hygiene and nutrition products to offer complete solutions to veterinarians  farmers and pet owners around the world. Our purpose: advancing the health of animals with those who care for them every day  so we can all live better together.Virbac: Euronext Paris - subfund A - ISIN code: FR0000031577/MNEMO: VIRPFinancial Affairs department: tel. +33 4 92 08 71 32 - finances@virbac.com - corporate.virbac.comAttachment,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,positive,0.55,0.44,0.0,True,English,"['2024 Annual results', 'Virbac', 'cat vaccine range', 'petfood/pet care ranges', 'dental care products', 'identical exchange rates', 'constant exchange rates1', 'North America area', 'Latin America area', 'exchange rate variations', '4operating cash flow', 'positive market dynamic', 'previous financial year', 'Current operating profit', 'fixed asset depreciation', '2current operating income', 'other non-current income', 'cash equivalents position', 'sustained sales dynamic', 'Consolidated net income', 'dynamic organic growth', 'Annual consolidated revenue', 'constant rates', 'dynamic, wit', 'financial position', 'CONSOLIDATED FIGURES', '2024 operating income', 'cash position', 'Europe area', 'IMEA area', 'annual income', 'financial liabilities', 'Positive trend', 'Net debt3', 'positive growth', 'other expenses', 'time high', '1.5 percentage points', '3 Shareholders’ equity', '3net debt', 'lease obligation', 'employee benefits', 'statutory auditors', 'detailed presentation', 'overall increase', 'significant growth', 'organic performance', 'strong rebound', 'strong growth', 'favorable rebound', 'aquaculture segment', 'farm animals', 'temporary slowdown', 'successful launch', 'key segments', 'successful integration', 'constant scope', 'annual revenue', '2025 sales growth', 'strong performance', 'solid performance', 'recurring (expenses', 'Group share', 'companion animals', 'strategic contribution', 'intangible assets', 'following items', 'corporate site', 'avian vaccines', 'strong revenues', 'acquisition transactions', 'Very', 'acquisitions', 'impact', 'DECEMBER', 'Variance', 'scope1', 'amortization', 'interest', 'taxes4', 'indicator', 'question', 'basis', 'consolidation', 'allowances', 'application', 'IFRS', 'statement', 'disposals', 'impairments', 'provisions', 'accounts', 'board', 'directors', 'March', 'report', 'process', 'virbac', 'result', 'Globion', 'India', 'November', 'Sasaeah', 'Japan', 'April', 'volume', 'value', 'regions', 'exception', 'Pacific', 'categories', 'half', 'dog', 'demand', 'specialty', 'performances', 'Chile', 'Mexico', 'ruminants', 'Brazil', 'Cortotic', 'poultry']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49416,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3042493/0/en/Vantiva-Results-2024.html,Vantiva - Results 2024,Press Release  Results 2024  Vantiva meets its guidance  completes integration of CommScope’s Home Networks business and nears SCS business unit......,"Press ReleaseResults 2024Vantiva meets its guidance  completes integration of CommScope’s Home Networks business and nears SCS business unit divestitureADJUSTED EBITDA1 (continuing operations): 104 MILLION EUROS (97 MILLION IN 2023)(including SCS: 143 million euros)ADJUSTED EBITA2 (continuing operations): 41 MILLION EUROS (38 MILLION IN 2023)(Including SCS: 56 million euros)FCF3 POSITIVE (continuing operations): 33 MILLION EUROS (-40 MILLION IN 2023)(including SCS: 55 million euros)Paris  France – March 13  2025 – Vantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI)  a global technology leader in connectivity  today announced its 2024 financial results.The consolidated accounts were approved by the Board of Directors on March 13  2025. Audit procedures on the consolidated accounts have been completed. The certification report will be issued after the verification of the management report  including the sustainability report.Fiscal year 2024 results are presented for the ongoing operations with Supply Chain Solutions (SCS) reported as a discontinued business. For the avoidance of doubt  Vantiva has no material risk exposure to Technicolor Group.Vantiva Financial Highlights:Sales increased by 19.3% to 1 865 million euros (19.9% at constant exchange rates) thanks to the consolidation of Home Networks (HN) activity.Adjusted EBITDA increased by +7.0% to reach 104 million euros (+7.6% at constant exchange rate)  with the margin in percentage slightly declining at 5.6% of sales vs. 6.2% in 2023.Adjusted EBITA rose 8.1% to achieve 41 million euros (vs 38 million euros in 2023).Net income from continuing operations was a loss of 161 million euros  compared to 144 million euros in 2023.Group net income was a loss of 282 million euros  compared with a loss of 285 million euros  including a loss of 121 million euros from ""discontinued operations""  mainly due to a 99 million euros net impairment on SCS.Free cash flow  after interest and taxes  but before restructuring costs related to the HN acquisition  was positive at 33 million euros  compared to a negative 40 million euros in 2023. This improvement is primarily driven by better working capital management  related to the alignment of HN's commercial terms with those of Vantiva.At year-end  Vantiva held cash and cash equivalents of 30 million euros and an undrawn credit line of 64 million euros.Total net nominal debt (including leases liabilities) amounted to 478 million euros.The closing of SCS divestiture is scheduled for the end of March and triggers an impairment of about 100 million euros.Tim O’Loughlin  Chief Executive Officer of Vantiva  said:""Vantiva has met our 2024 guidance by delivering on our customer commitments during a challenging year. Top-line achievement coupled with disciplined cost management and the successful integration of the Home Networks business were only possible through the incredibly hard work and dedication of our team. With the SCS transaction now nearing closure  Vantiva is fully focused on its connectivity businesses and continuing to drive strong performance for the benefit of all stakeholders.”I- Key Points 2024 and Outlook 2025In millions of euros 2024 2023 Real exchange rates Constant exchange rates Sales Figures 1 865 1 563 19.3% 19.9% Adjusted EBITDA 104 97 7.0% 7.6% As % of sales 5.6% 6.2% (64) bps (64) bps Adjusted EBITA 41 38 8.1% 8.9% FCF after interest and taxes and before restructuring costs related to HN 33 (40) 73 75Key Points 2024The connectivity business continued to face a difficult market in 2024  particularly in the first half of the year. Due to fierce competition between Network Service Providers (NSPs)  investment programs were under strict control. However  the introduction of new generations of products and successful inventory adjustments in the industry led to a sequential recovery in the second half of the year.Breakdown of Sales by ProductIn millions of euros 2024 2023 Real exchange rates Constant exchange rates Sales Figures 1 865 1 563 19.3% 19.9% Of which Broadband 1 153 1 262 (8.6)% (8.2)% Video 632 301 ns ns Diversification 80 Adjusted EBITDA 104 97 7.0% 7.6% As % of sales 5.6% 6.2%Driven by its innovation strategy  Vantiva saw strong commercial success with Wi-Fi 7  Fiber  and FWA 5G products in North America  Asia and certain European markets. Meanwhile  sales in LATAM declined as Fiber demand remained focused on highly commoditized entry level-products  and the video CPE segment remained soft. In this context  Vantiva's sales reached 1 865 million euros  a 19.3% increase on a reported basis (19.9% at constant exchange rates)  primarily due to the consolidation of Home Networks activity.Adjusted EBITDA was 104 million euros  compared to 97 million euros in 2023. In percentage terms  the margin stood at 5.6% of revenues  down from 6.2% in 2023. The quick cost adjustment and the successful integration of HN allowed for a rebound in the margin during the second half of the year. H2 EBITDA margin more than doubled compared to H1  exceeding 7%.Adjusted EBITDA benefited from non-recurring synergies amounting to approximately 30 million euros related to the HN acquisition  notably on component supply. However  this positive impact was more than offset by the negative effect of the high-cost structure at the beginning of the year prior to the HN integration.Free cash flow after financial expenses and taxes  but before restructuring costs related to the HN acquisition  is positive at 33 million euros  compared with -40 million euros in 2023.OutlookGiven the market environment  Vantiva expects sales in 2025 to remain in line with 2024 levels. At the same time  the company is poised to deliver stronger financial performance  driven by the cost reduction plan and the sustained positive impact of HN integration. These factors are expected to increase adjusted EBITDA throughout 2025 and generate positive Free Cash Flow after financial  tax  and restructuring charges.Vantiva remains on track to exceed €200 million in cumulative cost synergies by 2026.The company’s targets for 2025 are:Adjusted EBITDA > €150 millionPositive FCFII-Income Statement AnalysisIncome StatementIn millions of euros2024 2023 Real exchange rates Constant exchange rates Sales from continuing operations 1 865 1 563 19.3% 19.9% Adjusted EBITDA 104 97 7.0% 7.6% % of sales 5.6% 6.2% (64) bps (64) bps D&A & provisions1 (excluding amortization of intangible assets acquired) (63) (59) 6.3% 6.7% Adjusted EBITA from continuing operations 41 38 8.1% 8.9% % of sales 2.2% 2.4% (23) bps (22) bps PPA Amortization (19) (20) 6.4% 6.3% Non-recurring items (75) (19) ns ns EBIT from continuing operations (53) (2) ns ns % of sales (2.8)% (0.1)% (273) bps (273) bps Financial income (expense) (92) (98) 5.8% 9.4% Income tax (16) (20) 18.5% 17.0% Contribution from equity affiliates (1) (25) ns ns Net income from continuing operations (161) (144) (12.1)% (10.1)% Results of discontinued operations (121) (141) 14.7% 14.8% Net income for the year (282) (285) 1.2% 2.2%1 Provisions for risks  litigation and guarantees.Sales for 2024 amounted to 1 865 million euros  representing a 19.3% increase (19.9% at constant exchange rates). This growth is primarily attributed to the consolidation of the Home Networks activity  as the market remained on a negative trend  particularly in the first half of the year.Adjusted EBITDA totaled 104 million euros  versus 97 million euros in 2023. The half-point drop in margin was due to the high cost structure at the start of the HN integration  which was streamlined throughout the year.EBITA of 41 million euros was up 3 million euros  despite a 4 million euros increase in depreciation  thanks to the higher EBITDA.PPA amortization totaled -19 million euros  compared with 20 million euros.Non-recurring items showed a negative balance of 75 million euros  due to:Restructuring costs of -93 million euros  compared with -5 million euros in 2023. This sharp increase came from the structure adjustment needed to extract synergies from the combination with Home Networks.of -93 million euros  compared with -5 million euros in 2023. This sharp increase came from the structure adjustment needed to extract synergies from the combination with Home Networks. Other income and expenses  which represented a profit of 23 million euros versus a loss of -9 million euros the previous year  mostly coming from the revision of price adjustments related to the Home Networks acquisition.which represented a profit of 23 million euros versus a loss of -9 million euros the previous year  mostly coming from the revision of price adjustments related to the Home Networks acquisition. Impairment losses on non-current assets of -5 million euros (vs. -5 million euros in 2023)EBIT is negative at -53 million euros  compared with a loss of -2 million euros in 2023.Net financial expense amounted to -92 million euros for 2024  compared with -98 million euros the previous year:Interest expense on debt (excluding asset leases) came to -72 million euros  compared with -62 million euros in 2023.Other financial expenses of -20 million euros (-35 million euros last year)  explained mostly by an impairment on TCS shares’ value.Income tax amounted to -16 million euros  compared with -20 million euros in 2023.Equity-accounted income was a loss of -1 million euros versus -25 million euros in 2023.Net income from continuing operations for the year was therefore -161 million euros  compared with-144 million euros in 2023.Discontinued operations contributed negatively to -121 million euros versus -141 million in 2023.Group net income was a loss of -282 million euros  compared with a loss of -285 million euros in 2023.Cash Flow and Debt AnalysisIn millions of euros 2024 2023 Real exchange rates Constant exchange rates Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations 104 97 7 7 Capex (74) (59) (14) (14) Non-recurring expenses (cash impact) (88) (30) (58) (58) Change in WCR and other assets and liabilities 92 (8) 100 102 Free cash flow before interest and taxes 35 (1) 35 37 Free cash flow after interest and taxes and before restructuring costs for HN 33 (40) 73 7531/12/2024 31/12/2023 Gross nominal debt (including lease liabilities) 508 555 Cash and cash equivalents (30) (133) Net nominal debt (non-IFRS) 478 422 IFRS adjustments (10) (15) Net financial debt (IFRS) 468 407Free cash flow before interest and taxes moves from a negative -1 million euros to a positive 35 million euros in 2024. This improvement was due to adjusted EBITDA (+7 million euros)  and changes in working capital (+100 million euros) related to commercial terms alignment for HN activity on those of Vantiva. On the other hand  capital expenditure were up by 14 million euros and the cash impact of the non-recurring expenses4 stood at -88 million euros (versus -30 million euros) largely related to restructuring costs for HN integration (-65 million euros).Free cash flow after interest and taxes stood at -32 million euros compared with -47 million euros in 2023.Adjusted for the restructuring costs related to Home Networks integration  the Free Cash Flow after interest and taxes  was positive by 33 million euros (vs a negative -40 million in 2023).The cash position  including the undrawn facility  at the end of December 2024 was 94 million euros  compared with 209 million euros a year earlier.Nominal net debt at the end of the year stood at 478 million euros  an increase of 56 million.Under IFRS  net debt was €468 million at December 31  2024 vs 407 million euros at December 31  2023.SCS Divestiture UpdateOn the 19th of December  Vantiva announced its plan to sell its SCS division to funds managed by Variant Equity. The closing of this deal is expected at the end of March 2025.AppendicesDebt DetailsIn millions of eurosLine Features Nominal IFRS amount Nominal rates IFRS rates Barclays Cash: Euribor 3M + 2.50% & PIK 268 263 10.2% 12.6% Angelo Gordon Cash: Euribor 3M + 4.00% & PIK 139 134 13.2% 19.0% Wells Fargo WF prime rate + 1.75 margin USD 56 56 9.5% 9.5% Lease commitments 19 19 17.3% 17.3% Leasing 0 0 11.2% 11.2% Accrued interest & Other 26 26 N/A N/A% Total debt 508 498 10.7% 13.8% Cash & Equivalents 30 30 Net debt 478 468Appendix - Reconciliation of IndicatorsTo provide better comparability of operating performance trends between 2024 and 2023  Vantiva presents a set of adjusted indicators. These exclude the following items as detailed in the Group’s consolidated income statement and financial statements  in addition to the published results.Net restructuring costs;Expenses net of asset impairment.Other income and expenses (other non-recurring items).In millions of euros 2024 2023 Variation1 EBIT from continuing operations (53) (2) (51) Restructuring costs  net 93 5 88 Impairment gains (losses) on non-recurring operating assets 5 5 0 Other income (expenses) (23) 9 (33) PPA amortization 19 20 (1) Adjusted EBITA from continuing operations 41 38 3 Depreciation  amortization and impairment (""D&A"") 2 63 59 4 Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations 104 97 7 1 Change at real exchange rates 2 Excluding amortization of intangible assets arising on acquisitions  and including provisions for risks  litigation and warranties.Adjusted EBITDA corresponds to income from continuing operations before tax and net financial income  excluding other income and expenses  depreciation and amortization (including the impact of provisions for risks  guarantees and litigation).Adjusted EBITA corresponds to income from continuing operations before tax and net financial income  excluding other income and expenses and impairment of PPA items.Impact of IFRS 16Year 2024 (incl IFRS 16) Year 2024(excl. IFRS16) IFRS16 impact (in millions of euros)At current rates At current rates At current rates Sales figures 1 865 1 865 +0 EBITDA ADJ 104 92 +12 EBITA 41 39 +2 Operating cash flow (34) (46) +11 FCF before financial expenses and taxes 35 20 +15 FCF after financial expenses and taxes (32) (44) +12###Warning: Forward Looking StatementsThis press release contains certain statements that constitute ""forward-looking statements""  including but not limited to statements that are predictions of or indicate future events  trends  plans or objectives  based on certain assumptions or which do not directly relate to historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the future results expressed  forecasted  or implied by such forward-looking statements. For a more complete list and description of such risks and uncertainties  refer to Vantiva’s filings with the French Autorité des marchés financiers (AMF). The Universal Registration Document (Document d’enregistrement universel) for fiscal year 2023 was filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers on April 30  2024  under no. D.24-0375.###About VantivaPushing the EdgeVantiva (Euronext Paris: VANTI) is a global technology leader in the Customer Premises Equipment (CPE) market. For over 130 years  Vantiva (formerly known as Technicolor) has delivered solutions that connect what matters most. Today  the company continues to redefine connectivity with industry-leading broadband  video  and IoT-driven smart systems that elevate how people live  work  and connect globally.Vantiva combines a customer-focused approach with decades of software development  electronics hardware design  and supply chain expertise to deliver high-quality solutions at scale. This proficiency has positioned Vantiva as a trusted provider to leading network service providers  enterprise customers  and consumers around the world.A strong commitment to sustainability and responsible business practices has earned Vantiva multiple Gold and Platinum Medals from EcoVadis for environmental and social performance. These awards place the company among the top 2% of organizations in its category evaluated globally.With its headquarters in Paris and major offices in Australia  Brazil  China  India  South Korea  the United Kingdom  and the United States  the company serves a diverse global customer base. The acquisition of CommScope’s Home Networks business in January 2024 further bolstered the company and its ongoing commitment to innovation.For more information  please visit vantiva.com and follow Vantiva on LinkedIn and X (Twitter).ContactsVantiva Investors Relations Image 7 for Vantivainvestor.relations@vantiva.com vantiva.press@image7.fr1 Adjusted EBITDA corresponds to income from continuing operations before tax and net financial income  excluding other income and expenses  inventory step-up  amortization of Purchase accounting items  and depreciation and amortization (including the impact of provisions for risks  guarantees and litigation).2 Adjusted EBITA corresponds to income from continuing operations before tax and net financial income  excluding other income and expenses   inventory step-up  amortization of Purchase accounting items.3 After interest and taxes and before restructuring cash out related to Home Networks acquisition.4 Including (23)m€ of pensions cash out related to excited activitiesAttachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,mixed,0.25,0.21,0.54,True,English,"['Vantiva', 'Results', 'Constant exchange rates Sales Figures', 'Total net nominal debt', 'SCS business unit divestiture', 'Real exchange rates', '99 million euros net impairment', 'global technology leader', 'Supply Chain Solutions', 'material risk exposure', 'undrawn credit line', 'Tim O’Loughlin', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Network Service Providers', 'Video 632 301 ns ns', 'video CPE segment', 'quick cost adjustment', 'Press Release Results', 'working capital management', 'disciplined cost management', 'successful inventory adjustments', 'Group net income', 'Home Networks business', 'Free cash flow', 'I- Key Points', 'strong commercial success', 'FWA 5G products', 'Home Networks activity', 'Fiscal year 2024 results', 'negative 40 million euros', 'Vantiva Financial Highlights', 'H2 EBITDA margin', '2024 financial results', 'management report', 'SCS divestiture', 'Technicolor Group', 'commercial terms', 'strong performance', 'connectivity business', 'continuing operations', 'FCF3 POSITIVE', 'consolidated accounts', 'Audit procedures', 'certification report', 'sustainability report', 'ongoing operations', 'discontinued operations', 'restructuring costs', 'cash equivalents', 'leases liabilities', 'customer commitments', 'Top-line achievement', 'successful integration', 'hard work', 'difficult market', 'first half', 'fierce competition', 'investment programs', 'strict control', 'new generations', 'sequential recovery', 'second half', 'innovation strategy', 'North America', 'European markets', 'entry level-products', '104 MILLION EUROS', '41 MILLION EUROS', '33 MILLION EUROS', '1,865 million euros', '38 million euros', '161 million euros', '282 million euros', '285 million euros', '121 million euros', '30 million euros', '64 million euros', '100 million euros', '97 million euros', 'HN) activity', 'ADJUSTED EBITDA1', 'ADJUSTED EBITA2', 'SCS transaction', 'challenging year', 'Euronext Paris', 'Fiber demand', 'percentage terms', 'HN acquisition', '56 million', 'guidance', 'CommScope', 'France', 'March', 'Board', 'Directors', 'verification', 'avoidance', 'doubt', 'consolidation', 'loss', 'interest', 'taxes', 'improvement', 'alignment', 'year-end', 'closing', 'dedication', 'team', 'closure', 'benefit', 'stakeholders', 'Outlook', 'millions', 'NSPs', 'introduction', 'industry', 'Breakdown', 'Broadband', 'Diversification', 'Wi-Fi', 'Asia', 'LATAM', 'context', '19.3% increase', 'basis', 'revenues', 'rebound', '2023', '144', '478']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49417,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3041873/0/en/2024-FULL-YEAR-RESULTS.html,2024 FULL YEAR RESULTS,2024 FULL YEAR RESULTS  EBITDA and capacity target achieved   SPRING transformation plan: strategic review underway  2024 Results   Turnover: +10% to...,"2024 FULL YEAR RESULTSEBITDA and capacity target achievedSPRING transformation plan: strategic review underway2024 ResultsTurnover: +10% to 547 million euros  driven by +20% growth in Energy SalesEBITDA target achieved in line with August 1 announcement  at 215 million euros  after curtailment impacts  down -11% compared with 2023. Without this impact  EBITDA would have grown by +6%announcement  at 215 million euros  after curtailment impacts  down -11% compared with 2023. Without this impact  EBITDA would have grown by +6% Net loss (group share) of 20.9 million euros  mainly due to the impact of the curtailment in Brazil and the decrease in value of solar panel stock in the Equipment Procurement activityGrowth in operational indicators to December 31  2024Achieving of capacity target in operation and construction  at around 3.3 gigawatts (+14% vs. 2023)  of which 2.5 gigawatts in operation (+6%). Continued geographical rebalancing  with 51% in Latin America (57% in 2023)  38% in Europe (35%) and 11% in the rest of the world (8%)Average remaining duration of power sales contracts of 16.4 years  representing future contracted sales of 8.1 billion eurosPortfolio of projects under development at 17.4 gigawatts (+5% vs. 2023)  with a focus on maturationCapacity operated for third-party clients at 6.5 gigawatts  up +41% vs. 2023SPRING Transformation Plan: progress report on strategic business reviewVoltalia has commissioned specialist consultancy firm Kearney to support initial diagnostic phaseA strategic review of Voltalia's activities is currently underway  with the aim of creating sustainable conditions for profitable growth aligned with the company's missionThis first phase should be finalized in June. Its conclusions  together with the action plan for implementing the transformation plan  will be presented at the time of the first-half 2025 results presentation2025 Operational elementsCapacity in operation and under construction of around 3.6 gigawatts (+10% compared with 2024) including around 3 gigawatts in operation (+20%) with most of the commissioning at the end of 2025Production around 5.2 terawatt-hours (+10%)Voltalia (Euronext Paris  code ISIN: FR0011995588)  an international player in renewable energy  today publishes its consolidated annual results for the year ended December 31  2024. The financial statements  which are currently being audited  were approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting on March 12  2025.“Operating growth in 2024 remained solid. Thanks to the commitment of our teams and the quality of our assets  we continued to make progress in terms of production as well as operating and construction capacities  thus achieving our EBITDA target  in line with our August announcements  after the impact of the curtailment. The latter remains a point of vigilance that we are monitoring closely. We are actively pursuing our efforts to obtain compensation and minimize its impact in the future. In addition  the SPRING transformation plan  launched as soon as I arrived  is moving forward. The diagnostic phase is underway  and its conclusions  expected in the next few months  will mark the start of its implementation”  comments Robert Klein  Chief Executive Officer of Voltalia.***Voltalia will comment its annual results for 2024 and its short and medium-term plan at an information meeting to be held today at 8:30a.m. Paris time.The meeting will be broadcast as a live video webcast. Full connection details are available on our website: https://www.voltalia.com/investor-relationsKEY FIGURESIn million euros 2024 2023 Var. at current exchange rates Var. at constant exchange rates Turnover 546.6 495.2 +10% +14% EBITDA 215.1 241.1 -11% -8% Net result  Group share -20.9 29.6 N/A N/A2024 turnover amounts to 546.6 million euros  up +10% (+14% at constant exchange rates). Energy Sales and Services account respectively for 66% and 34% of the 2024 turnover.Turnover from Energy Sales amounts to 359.4 million euros  up +20% (+25% at constant exchange rates).Turnover from Services for third-party clients amounts to 187.2 million euros  down -4% (at current and constant exchange rates).EBITDA comes to 215.1 million euros  down -11%. It benefits from the +12% growth in Energy Sales (+15% at constant exchange rates)  despite curtailment. On the other hand  the sharp drop in the volume of projects sold in 2024 compared with 2023 (more than 800 MW sold) led to a drop in services of -75% (-74% at constant exchange rates).Net income  Group share  shows a loss of 20.9 million euros  compared with a gain of 29.6 million euros in 2023  mainly due to the impacts of the curtailment in Brazil and the decrease in value of solar panel inventories in the Equipment Procurement segment.REVIEW OF ACTIVITIESEnergy SalesIn million euros 2024 2023 Var. at current exchange rates Var. at constant exchange rates Turnover 359.4 299.3 +20% +25% EBITDA 217.6 194.6 +12% +15% EBITDA margin 61% 65% -4pts -5ptsOperational indicators 2024 2023 Var. Voltalia long-term average National long-term average Production (in GWh) 4 706 4 336 +9% Production curtailment (in GWh) 876 340 x2 6 Capacity in operation (in MW) 2 514 2 370 +6% Capacity in operation and under construction (in MW) 3 256 2 851 +14% Wind load factor in Brazil 34% 40% -6pts 51% 44% Wind load factor in Brazil without curtailment 44% 45% -1pt 51% 44% Solar load factor in Brazil 24% 26% -2pts 30% 28% Solar load factor in Brazil without curtailment 30% 28% +2pts 30% 28% Wind load factor in France 22% 23% -1pt 25% Solar load factor in France 14% 16% -2pts 17% Solar load factor in Egypt and Jordan 25% 24% +1pt 17% Solar load factor in Albania 21% n/a n/a 21%Production reaches 4.7 TWh  up +9%  from 4.3 TWh in 2023  representing the electricity consumption of the equivalent of 5.4 million people. The increase in production despite the curtailment in Brazil reflects the growth in capacity in operation  which has risen by +6% since 2023  from 2 370 MW to 2 514 MW  and the full-year effect of plants commissioned in 2023.In addition  capacity under construction rises by +262 MW (+55%) to 742 MW  including +469 MW launched in construction over the year (+81%).As a result  by the end of 2024  total capacity in operation and under construction increases by +406 MW (+14%) to 3 256 MW. It is characterized by a geographical rebalancing: 51% in Latin America (from 57% in 2023)  38% in Europe (35%) and 11% in the rest of the world (8%).Turnover from Energy Sales amounts to 359.4 million euros  up sharply by +20% (+25% at constant exchange rates) thanks to higher electricity production and the contractual indexation of sales prices to inflation. Turnover mainly comes from the long-term power sales contracts  to which 98% of power plants in operation are linked.The weighted average remaining term of all these contracts is 16.4 years  representing 8.1 billion euros of future sales under contract.71% of 2024 turnover from long-term power sales contracts is contractually indexed to inflation.This data illustrates Voltalia's investment strategy. Voltalia favors securing a portfolio backed by long-term contracts with indexation clauses  rather than exposing itself to the risk of medium-term spot prices and inflation. After developing the projects that meet the above-mentioned criteria  Voltalia continues to arbitrate between retaining or selling the projects to third parties  adding construction and maintenance services  and retaining only those projects that meet strict profitability criteria  thereby enhancing Voltalia's portfolio.EBITDA generated by Energy Sales rises by +12% (+15% at constant exchange rates) to 217.6 million euros  mainly supported by inflation indexation clauses and the contribution of new power plants  some of which benefited from high prices during the first months of operation (Karavasta in Albania).EBITDA margin of 61% down -4 points reflects  as announced2  the one-off impact of the curtailment in 2024.Services3In million euros 2024 2023 Var. at current exchange rates Var. at constant exchange rates Turnover 187.2 195.5 -4% -4% EBITDA 15.6 62.1 -75% -74% EBITDA margin 8% 32% -24pts -23ptsTurnover from Services for third-party clients comes to 187.2 million euros  down -4% at current and constant exchange rates.EBITDA generated by the Services business  after elimination of internal margins reaches 15.6 million euros.EBITDA for the Development  Construction and Equipment Procurement for third-party clients reports a -77% drop in EBITDA to 13.8 million euros. While EBITDA from Construction posts strong growth of +28%  thanks to new contracts  notably in Ireland  the segment's EBITDA was down mainly due to (i) lower project sales to third-party customers  following the sale of over 800 MW of projects in 2023  and (ii) the sharp drop in activity in Procurement Equipment due to the fall in solar panel prices  which has continued to weigh on contract volumes over the past two years.EBITDA for the Operation and Maintenance segment for third party clients shows EBITDA falls by -27% to 1.8 million euros  mainly due to the reduction in 2024 of additional services to long-term contracts (subsidiary Greensolver). On the other hand  a large number of contracts were signed this year  notably in Spain and Brazil  bringing the capacity operated on behalf of third parties to 6.5 GW (up +41%).OTHER ITEMS OF THE INCOME STATEMENTIn million euros 2024 2023 Var. at current exchange rates Var. at constant exchange rates EBITDA before Corporate costs 233.2 256.7 -9% -6% Corporate costs -18.1 -15.6 +14% +15% EBITDA 215.1 241.1 -11% -8% Depreciation  amortization  and provisions -125.6 -103.7 +21% +24% Other non-current income and expenses -21.1 -18.2 +16% +18% Operating revenue (EBIT) 68.4 119.3 -43% -40% Financial result -74.8 -57.9 +29% +37% Taxes and net income of equity affiliates -12.9 -36.3 -64% -65% Minority interests -1.7 4.5 N/A N/A Net result (Group share) -20.9 29.6 N/A N/ACorporate items are up +14% to -18.1 million euros (+15% at constant exchange rates)  due to IT investments.Consolidated EBITDA amounts to 215.1 million euros  down -11% (-8% at constant exchange rates)  representing an EBITDA margin of 39%  compared with 49% in 2023.Depreciation  amortization  and provisions amount to 125.6 million euros  up +21% (+24% at constant exchange rates). The increase comes mainly from decrease in value of (+13.1 million euros) related to the stock of solar panels in the Equipment Procurement activity and for (+8.8 million euros) from power plants commissioned in 2024 and the full-year effect of power plants commissioned in 2023.Other non-current income and expenses amount to -21.1 million euros. The increase of +2.9 million euros is mainly due to the review and rationalization of projects under development.The net financial result amounts to 74.8 million euros  up +29% (+37% at constant exchange rates)  including the cost of financial debt of 128 million euros  increasing by +31 million euros due mainly to growth in the portfolio of power plants in operation (+144 MW) and assets under construction (742 MW). The overall average financing cost of consolidated debt stands at 6.1%  compared with 5.9% at the end of 2023  mainly due to (i) higher base rates on short-term drawings on revolving facilities and (ii) higher swap rates on new project financing than the historical average. However  the latter increase was absorbed by upward negotiations on electricity sales prices for the corresponding assets. Margins on loans remained stable overall.Income tax expense is divided by 3 compared with 2023  mainly due to (i) the lower tax charge on projects sold compared with last year (more than 800 MW divested); and (ii) the recognition by the Jordanian tax authorities of deferred tax income generated by accelerated depreciation  in 2023.Net result  Group share shows a loss of 20.9 million euros  compared to a gain of 29.6 million euros in 2023  mainly due to the impact of the curtailment in Brazil and the decrease in value of solar panel inventories in the Equipment Procurement activity.SIMPLIFIED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETThe balance sheet at the end of 2024 reaches nearly 4 billion euros  an increase of +4%.In million euros 2024 2023 Tangible and intangible fixed assets 3 063 2 850 Cash and cash equivalents 360 319 Other current and non-current assets 538 649 Total assets 3 961 3 818 Equity  Group share 1 063 1 265 Minorities 106 118 Financial debt 2 303 1 909 Other current and non-current liabilities 489 526 Total liabilities 3 961 3 818Tangible and intangible fixed assets amount to 3 063 million euros. The increase of +213 million euros (+7%) mainly reflects the growth in the portfolio of power plants under construction  in France (including French Guiana)  the United Kingdom  South Africa  Albania  Uzbekistan and Brazil  as well as Helexia's solar rooftops in Europe and Latin America.Cash and cash equivalents stand at 360 million euros  an increase of +41 million euros.Other current and non-current assets amount to 538 million euros  down -111 million euros  mainly due to trade receivables linked to the high volume of sales by the Development segment at the end of 2023 and collected at the beginning of 2024  as well as to lower inventories.The equity  group share amounts to 1.1 billion euros  down by -202 million euros  mainly due to the net assets in Brazil valued at a lower Brazilian real exchange rate than in 2023 and to the recognition of the net result (Group share).Financial debt amounts to 2.3 billion euros  up +21%  reflecting the growth of the power plant portfolio (project debt backed on each project thanks to secured long-term Energy Sales contracts)  resulting in a debt ratio4 of 62%. In 2024  the company finalized the syndication of a new credit facility for 324 million euros. 89% of financial debt is at fixed  hedged or inflation-indexed rates. It is 67% denominated in euros and 26% in Brazilian reals.Other current and non-current liabilities amount to 489 million euros  down -7%  mainly due to a reduction in trade payables  notably to suppliers of equipment and services involved in the construction of power plants commissioned in 2024.KEY INDICATOR EVOLUTIONRemaining duration of electricity sales contracts 16.4 yearsVoltalia announces today that its long-term visibility remains very high  with the average remaining term of its power sales contracts reaching 16.4 years at the end of 2024  with 8.1 billion euros of future revenues under contract.Portfolio of projects under development at 17.4 GWVoltalia announced today that its portfolio of projects under development  intended to be retained or sold with construction and maintenance services  stood at 17.4 GW at the end of December 2024  up +5% vs. 2023. Illustrating the Group's strategy of geographic rebalancing  37% of this portfolio is located in Europe  39% in Latin America and 24% in Africa. In terms of technology  solar is in the majority at 63%  wind at 27% and other technologies at 10%.RECENT ANNOUNCEMENTSIn Uzbekistan  a 526 MW Power Sales Agreement signed for the Artemisya Project5This agreement covers the Artemisya project  located in the Bukhara region. The project combines 126 MW of solar  300 MW of wind  and 100 MW / 200 MWh of battery storage. The agreement was signed under the auspices of the Uzbek Ministry of Energy and the Ministry of Investment and Foreign Trade. The project is set to begin its construction phase in the first quarter of 2026 for the solar and storage components  and in the third quarter of 2026 for the wind component.Voltalia strengthens its governance with the appointment of a Deputy CEO6Following the recent arrival of its new CEO  Robert Klein  Voltalia has reorganized its governance around a new seven-member Executive Committee and appointed Yoni Ammar Deputy CEO. He is in charge of development  production and energy sales for the Europe7  Latin America  Africa and International regions.Update on the Brazilian power gridThe evolution of production curtailment in Brazil in 2024 was in line with initial estimates  reaching 876 GWh8 over the year (i.e. 21% of Brazilian generation and 16% of total generation). The improvement observed at the end of the year is the result of measures put in place by the Brazilian grid operator  notably a more balanced distribution of balancing between the various substations and the commissioning of a new transmission line to reinforce the grid. Voltalia remains confident of a favourable outcome  in the medium term  to the legal and contentious actions undertaken to obtain compensation. For 2025  with the improvement in the curtailment situation  forecasts anticipate a clear reduction in curtailment compared to 2024 and take into account a curtailment assumption for Brazilian annual production in 2025 of around 10% (21% in 2024)9.Construction of a 20 MW solar power plant in Colombia10With a total capacity of 19.7 megawatts  the Los Venados project will be powered by over 33 000 solar panels. The project is backed by a 15-year contract dedicated to private-sector buyers. Commissioning is scheduled for the first quarter of 2026.Redemption of green convertible bonds (OCEANEs Vertes)11With an initial amount of 200 million euros in January 202112  then increased to 250 million euros in July 202213  Voltalia redeemed its bonds in full  in cash  on January 13  2025.Voltalia awarded “Top-Rated Industry” distinction by Sustainalytics14With an ESG score of 15  Voltalia ranks among the top 6% of companies in the Utilities industry  occupying 34th place out of 644 companies. In the renewable energies sub-sector  Voltalia ranks 14th out of 88  confirming its leadership in ESG risk management.2024 OBJECTIVES ACHIEVED IN LINE WITH LATEST ANNOUCEMENTSCapacity in operation and under construction reaches 3.3 GW  with 2.5 GW in operation by the end of 2024  in line with announced targets.EBITDA reaches 215 million euros  after the impacts of curtailment (40 million euros)  in line with the Group's latest announcements15. Excluding this impact  EBITDA would have grown by +6%.SPRING TRANSFORMATION PLAN: UPDATE ON THE STRATEGIC REVIEW OF CURRENT ACTIVITIESDriven by Robert Klein  Voltalia's Chief Executive Officer since January 1  2025  the Group has initiated a strategic review of its activities in order to define and deploy from 2025 a transformation plan called SPRING16 aimed at creating sustainable conditions for profitable growth aligned with its mission.Preliminary work on the first diagnostic phase has begun  with the support of Kearney  a specialized consulting firm with expertise in business transformation. The schedule has also been defined.The assessment and synthesis of a diagnosis will continue throughout the first half of 2025.The conclusions of this first phase will be unveiled at the time of the half-yearly results presentation  along with a detailed roadmap for implementing the recommendations resulting from the diagnosis. This roadmap  whose first benefits are expected as early as 2025  will serve as a guide to ensure effective and structured implementation of the recommended actions.Voltalia points out that the various scenarios considered as part of this plan do not question the previous medium-term trajectory17.OPERATIONAL TARGETS 2025Voltalia announces today  its operational targets for 2025  which anticipate a further increase in capacity and in its Energy Sales activity.Capacity in operation and under construction of around 3.6 GW (+10% compared with 2024) including around 3 GW in operation (+20%) with most of commissioning at the end of 2025Production of around 5.2 TWh (+10%)  including a curtailment assumption of 10% in Brazil’s production (compared with 21% in 2024)UPCOMING EVENTS:Q1 2025 turnover  April 29  2025 (after close of trading) Annual General Meeting  May 15  2025PROSPECTIVE STATEMENTSThis press release contains forward-looking statements. These statements are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates and their underlying assumptions  statements regarding plans  objectives  intentions and expectations with respect to future financial results  events  operations  services  product development and potential  and statements regarding future performance. These forward-looking statements may often be identified by the words ""expect""  ""anticipate""  ""believe""  ""intend""  ""estimate"" or ""plan""  as well as by other similar words. Although Voltalia's management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond Voltalia's control  that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include  among others  the uncertainties inherent in the evolution of the selling price of electricity produced by Voltalia  the evolution of the regulatory environment in which Voltalia operates as well as the competitiveness of renewable energies and other factors that may affect the production capacity or profitability of Voltalia's production sites as well as those developed or identified in Voltalia's public filings with the Autorité des marchés financiers including those listed in section 2.2 ""Risk Factors"" of Voltalia's 2023 Universal Registration Document filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers on April 12  2024. Voltalia undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking information or statements  except as required by law.Capacity in operation as of December 31  2024In MW Wind Solar Biomass Hydro Hybrid 2024 2023 Albania 140 140 140 Belgium 32 32 17 Brazil 773 742 12 1 528 1 484 Egypt 32 32 32 France 81 248 5 334 294 French Guiana 14 7 5 23 48 49 Greece 17 17 17 Hungary 24 24 14 Italy 23 23 18 Jordan 57 57 57 Netherland 60 60 60 Portugal 88 88 74 Romania 14 14 3 Spain 28 28 23 United Kingdom 57 32 89 89 Total 854 1 577 7 9 67 2 514 2 370Capacity under construction as of December 31  2024Name of the projet Capacity (MW) Technology Country Bolobedu 148 Solar South Africa Cafesoca 8 Hydro Brazil Clifton 45 Solar United Kingdom East gate 34 Solar United Kingdom Helexia 123 Solar Brazil Helexia 5 Solar Spain Helexia 26 Solar France Helexia 1 Solar Hungary Helexia 9 Solar Poland Helexia 1 Solar Romania Higher Stockbridge 45 Solar United Kingdom Le Deffend 6 Solar France Sarimay Solar 126 Solar Uzbekistan Seranon 8 Solar France Sinnamary (battery) 1 Storage French Guiana Sinnamary (SBE) 10 Biomass French Guiana Spitalla Solar 100 Solar Albania Terres Salées 11 Solar France Voltalia Mobility - Yusco 36 Solar France Total 742Production as of December 31  2024In GWh Wind Solar Biomass Hydro Hybrid 2024 2023 Albania 258 258 1 Brazil 2 321 950 51 3 322 3 432 Egypt 74 74 74 France 176 86 9 271 315 French Guiana 16 34 51 55 Greece 29 29 25 Helexia Brazil 139 139 21 Helexia Europe 296 296 193 Jordan 130 130 122 Portugal 79 79 40 United Kingdom 56 56 60 Grand Total 2 497 2 114 34 9 51 4 706 4 336Consolidated income statement (unaudited)In million euros 2024 2023 Turnover 547 495 Purchases and sub-contracting -57 -71 Other operating expenses -246 -217 Payroll expenses -72 -66 Other operating income and expenses 43 100 Share of net income of associates 0 1 EBITDA 215 241 Depreciation  amortization  provisions and write-offs -126 -104 Current operating profit 90 137 Other non-current income and expenses -21 -18 Operating revenue (EBIT) 68 119 Net cost of financial debt -116 -82 Other financial income and expenses 41 25 Income tax and similar taxes -12 -36 Share of results of companies accounted for using the equity method -1 0 Net profit -19 25 Non-controlling interests -2 5 Group Share -21 30Turnover and EBITDA from Services (by segment)In million euros 2024 2023 Var. at current exchange rates Var. at constant exchange rates Turnover from Development  Construction et Equipment Procurement 160.5 172.6 -7% -7% Turnover from Operation and Maintenance 26.7 23.1 +16% +17% Total Turnover from Services 187.2 195.7 -4% -4% EBITDA from Development  Construction et Equipment Procurement 13.8 60.0 -77% -77% EBITDA from Operation and Maintenance 1.8 2.4 -27% -16% Total EBITDA from Services 15.6 62.4 -75% -74%Consolidated balance sheet (unaudited)In million euros 2024 2023 Goodwill 79 79 Right of use 71 64 Intangible assets 528 435 Tangible assets 2 384 2 272 Equity affiliates 18 20 Financial non-current assets 30 25 Deferred tax assets 6 5 Other non-current assets 22 40 Non-current assets 3 139 2 940 Inventories 31 65 Trade and other receivables 226 237 Other current assets 173 180 Other current financial assets 31 76 Current derivatives assets 2 1 Cash and cash equivalents 360 319 Current assets 822 878 Total Assets 3 961 3 818 Equity  Group share 1 063 1 265 Non-controlling interests 106 118 Equity 1 169 1 383 Non-current provisions 28 28 Deferred tax liabilities 20 28 Non-current financing 1 792 1 579 Other non-current financial liabilities 40 41 Non-current derivatives liabilities 62 31 Non-current liabilities 1 942 1 708 Current provision 1 7 Short-term borrowings 510 330 Due to customers 226 285 Trade payables and other payables 8 8 Current derivatives liabilities 1 3 Other current liabilities 103 95 Current liabilities 850 727 Total liabilities 3 961 3 818Cash flow statementIn million euros 2024 2023 EBIT 68 119 Neutralization of depreciation  amortization and impairment charges 126 104 Neutralization of other income and expenses not affecting operating cash flows -25 -55 Change in operating working capital requirement 24 -26 Income tax expense paid -14 -27 Net cash flow from operating activities 179 116 Net flow of financial investments 76 11 Net cash flow of tangible investments -376 -577 Net cash flow from intangible investments -141 -118 Other impacts of investing activities 0 1 Net cash flows from investing activities -440 -682 Capital increase subscribed by Voltalia shareholders 0 0 Capital increases subscribed by minority shareholders of controlled companies 0 15 Interest paid to banks and bondholders -118 -73 Repayment of rent debts and associated interest payments -12 -13 Cash receipts related to borrowings and bonds 640 689 Repayments of loans and bonds -176 -125 Other Impacts of Financing Activities -6 3 Net cash flows from financing operations 329 496 Change in net cash 68 -71 Opening cash and cash equivalents 319 384 Impact of foreign exchange and other movements -26 6 Closing cash and cash equivalents 360 319About Voltalia (www.voltalia.com) Voltalia is an international player in renewable energies. The Group produces and sells electricity from its wind  solar  hydro  biomass and storage facilities. It has 3.3 GW of capacity in operation and under construction  and a portfolio of projects under development with a total capacity of 17.4 GW.Voltalia is also a service provider  supporting its renewable energy customers at every stage of their projects  from design to operation and maintenance.A pioneer in the business market  Voltalia offers a comprehensive range of services to businesses  from the supply of green electricity to energy efficiency services and the local production of its own electricity.With more than 2 000 employees in 20 countries on 3 continents  Voltalia has the capacity to act globally on behalf of its customers.Voltalia is listed on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (FR0011995588 - VLTSA) and is included in the Enternext Tech 40 and CAC Mid&Small indices. The company is also included  amongst others  in the MSCI ESG ratings and the Sustainalytics ratings. VoltaliaEmail: invest@voltalia.comT. +33 (0)1 81 70 37 00 Press Relations Seitosei.Actifin - Jennifer Julliajennifer.jullia@seitosei-actifin.comT. +33 (0)1 56 88 11 191 August 19  2024 press release.2 August 19  2024 press release.3 Services: Services to third party clients.4 Net debt / (net debt + equity)5 March 11  2025 press release.6 March 10  2025 press release.7 Excluding France  Overseas France and Portugal.8 January 29  2025 press release.9 Consensus statement of February 19  2025: equity analysts' forecasts.10 January 14  2025 press release.11 January 20  2025 press release.12 January 6  2021 press release.13 July 26  2022 press release.14 February 12  2025 press release.15 August 19  2024  press release of the 2024 Half Year results  as well of the 3rd and 4th quarter press releases.16 January 29  2025 press release.17 2027 targets: press release of the 2023 Full Year results on April 2  2024.Attachment",neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,negative,0.0,0.23,0.77,True,English,"['2024 FULL YEAR RESULTS', 'Voltalia long-term average Nation', 'constant exchange rates Turnover', 'Average remaining duration', 'solar panel stock', 'Equipment Procurement activity', 'specialist consultancy firm', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'live video webcast', 'Full connection details', 'solar panel inventories', 'Equipment Procurement segment', 'first-half 2025 results presentation', 'current exchange rates', 'power sales contracts', 'SPRING transformation plan', 'consolidated annual results', 'initial diagnostic phase', '2024 FULL YEAR RESULTS', 'future contracted sales', 'strategic business review', 'ACTIVITIES Energy Sales', 'action plan', 'medium-term plan', 'strategic review', 'first phase', '2024 Results Turnover', 'renewable energy', '547 million euros', '215 million euros', 'group share', '20.9 million euros', 'operational indicators', 'geographical rebalancing', 'Latin America', 'third-party clients', 'sustainable conditions', '2025 Operational elements', 'Euronext Paris', 'international player', 'financial statements', 'August announcements', 'Robert Klein', 'KEY FIGURES', 'Net result', '546.6 million euros', '359.4 million euros', '187.2 million euros', '215.1 million euros', 'other hand', 'Net income', '29.6 million euros', 'capacity target', 'August 1 announcement', '+6% Net loss', 'progress report', 'Paris time', 'sharp drop', 'profitable growth', 'EBITDA target', 'construction capacities', 'information meeting', 'EBITDA margin', 'curtailment impacts', 'Operating growth', '2024 turnover', '+20% growth', '+12% growth', 'line', 'Brazil', 'decrease', 'value', 'December', 'Achieving', '3.3 gigawatts', '2.5 gigawatts', 'Europe', 'rest', 'world', '16.4 years', '8.1 billion', 'Portfolio', 'projects', 'development', '17.4 gigawatts', 'focus', 'maturation', '6.5 gigawatts', 'Kearney', 'aim', 'company', 'mission', 'June', 'conclusions', '3.6 gigawatts', 'end', 'Production', '5.2 terawatt-hours', 'code', 'ISIN', 'Board', 'Directors', 'March', 'commitment', 'teams', 'quality', 'assets', 'terms', 'latter', 'point', 'vigilance', 'efforts', 'compensation', 'addition', 'months', 'start', 'implementation', 'comments', 'short', '8:30a', 'website', 'investor-relations', 'Var.', 'Services', 'volume', '800 MW', 'gain', '2023']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49418,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.independent.ie/business/irish/glenveagh-chief-says-fundamental-review-of-stock-market-is-needed/a1479175290.html,Glenveagh chief says ‘fundamental review’ of stock market is needed,The head of stock market-listed housebuilder Glenveagh has said there “needs to be fundamental review” into how European stock markets can become an attractive place to raise capital  including in Ireland.,The head of stock market-listed housebuilder Glenveagh has said there “needs to be fundamental review” into how European stock markets can become an attractive place to raise capital  including in Ireland.CEO Stephen Garvey was speaking after his own firm announced a sharp rise in revenues for 2024 yesterday. Around the time Glenveagh raised €550m in its debut on the now Euronext Dublin exchange in 2017 it was one of a number of IPOs to tap public equity to target domestic investments – including wind energy investor Greencoat Renewables (2017)  housebuilder Cairn Homes (2015)  hotel operator Dalata and Ires Reit in 2014.That pipeline of new equity raising has stopped  Glenveagh CEO Stephen Garvey said. The group’s chief financial officer  Conor Murtagh  said there was a value to its remaining on the stock market  including the high level of “transparency  credibility and trust”.While Glenveagh is self-funded and has not needed to access equity since its IPO  the plc status is an important part of its continuing to grow the business  he said.The stock was down slightly in Dublin yesterday  at €1.486 a share  implying a market cap of €820m. The business had assets of €1.2bn and debt of €179m at the end of last year.Results showed Glenveagh generated a record revenue of €869m last year as it ramped up delivery of suburban starter-homes and accelerated building under partnerships with state-backed housing agencies. Revenue was up from €608m a year earlier.The firm completed 2 415 homes during the year  up 77pc on the previous year. That was in contrast to the wider market where completions were down slightly in 2024.Glenveagh said its partnerships arm  where it is building for clients including the Land Development Agency (LDA)  anticipates a materially higher proportion of sales this year with recurring annual revenue of approximately €400m and potential for further revenue growth as the state pipeline evolves.​The partnership business generated sales of €120m last year  up from just €17m in 2023. In the homebuilding part of the business it expects to exceed 1 500 units in 2025  rising to 1 900 in 2027.The business has a landbank suitable for delivery of approximately 9 000 additional units across 14 sites. That will support the delivery of over 2 600-3 600 equivalent units per annum through to 2029  Glenveagh said. Efficiency is being boosted by its offsite manufacturing facility. The firm produced 2 030 timber-frame and light-gauge steel units at its off-site manufacturing business  NUA  last year. The plant has capacity to support more than 2 500 homes a year.Glenveagh said the outlook for the business is exceptionally strong  underpinned by demand  policy visibility and its own ability to deliver homes that will be mainly own-door housing.Mr Garvey said: “We scaled the delivery of high-quality sustainable homes  embedded innovations and efficiencies across our operations  and established Glenveagh as a preferred public sector partner.”,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.02,True,English,"['Glenveagh chief', 'fundamental review', 'stock market', 'preferred public sector partner', 'Glenveagh CEO Stephen Garvey', 'wind energy investor', 'chief financial officer', 'Land Development Agency', 'offsite manufacturing facility', 'state-backed housing agencies', 'European stock markets', '2,600-3,600 equivalent units', 'light-gauge steel units', 'Euronext Dublin exchange', 'new equity raising', 'recurring annual revenue', 'high-quality sustainable homes', 'site manufacturing business', 'stock market-listed housebuilder', 'public equity', 'Mr Garvey', 'door housing', '9,000 additional units', 'fundamental review', 'attractive place', 'sharp rise', 'domestic investments', 'Greencoat Renewables', 'hotel operator', 'Ires Reit', 'Conor Murtagh', 'high level', 'plc status', 'important part', 'market cap', 'record revenue', 'suburban starter-homes', 'wider market', 'higher proportion', 'revenue growth', 'homebuilding part', 'policy visibility', 'last year', 'previous year', 'Cairn Homes', 'partnerships arm', 'state pipeline', 'partnership business', '1,500 units', '2,415 homes', '2,500 homes', 'head', 'capital', 'Ireland', 'firm', 'revenues', 'time', 'debut', 'number', 'IPOs', 'Dalata', 'group', 'value', 'transparency', 'credibility', 'trust', 'assets', 'debt', 'end', 'Results', 'delivery', 'contrast', 'completions', 'clients', 'LDA', 'sales', 'landbank', '14 sites', 'annum', 'Efficiency', '2,030 timber-frame', 'plant', 'capacity', 'outlook', 'demand', 'ability', 'innovations', 'efficiencies', 'operations', '2024']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,independent.ie
49419,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2025/03/13/3042430/0/en/BELIEVE-Significant-profitability-improvement-and-solid-organic-growth-despite-currency-impacts-in-FY-24.html,BELIEVE: Significant profitability improvement and solid organic growth despite currency impacts in FY’24,Significant profitability improvement and solid organic growth despite currency impacts in FY’24 Paris  France – March 13  2025      FY 2024 Key......,Significant profitability improvement and solid organic growth despite currency impacts in FY’24Paris  France – March 13  2025FY 2024 Key Figures1Revenues of €988.8 million in FY’24 in line with H1’24 guidance  up +12.3% at current rate with an organic growth of +11.5% including currency headwinds embedded in Premium Solutions digital sales. Adjusted organic growth 2 amounted to +13.9% in FY’24 .. Strong growth in Europe excl. France & Germany (+23.3%) and in Americas (+18.0%)  and softer growth in Asia/Pacific/Africa (+3.5%)  which was affected by soft ad-funded revenues and FX (although the long-term tailwinds in Asia remain compelling). France (+10.3%) remains strong despite an adverse Q4 for non-digital sales and Germany was slightly up notwithstanding active management to move away from physical distribution.Digital sales recorded solid growth  reflecting resilient paid-streaming development and some market share gains  which were mitigated by the absence of recovery in ad-funded streaming in emerging markets and continued negative embedded market FX.Strong increase in Adjusted EBITDA at €67.1 million  up + 33.5% versus FY’23 or a margin of 6.8%  up +110bps YoY reflecting focus on value optimization  control on investments and operating leverage.at €67.1 million  up + 33.5% versus FY’23 or a margin of 6.8%  up +110bps YoY reflecting focus on value optimization  control on investments and operating leverage. Increase in advances paid to labels and artists less prominent than in FY'23  leading to positive free cash flow generation. Net cash at the end of Dec’24 was €139.8 million  notably driven by €91 million M&A cash out.FY 2024 HighlightsReaching new milestones with more than 800 billion streams generated globally  while the Group further expanded its footprint and global reach with the launch of new imprints PlayCode in Japan  Krumulo in Indonesia – and growth of its labels’ roster in Turkey  France  India and Eastern Europe.Solid performance of the roster in a wider variety of genres and recognized leadership in serving local artists.Dynamic external growth during the year  characterized by a greater focus on catalog acquisitions.2025 OutlookCurrency headwinds embedded in the market are expected to be stable year-over-year. With limited ad-funded streaming growth in FY’25 and assuming no significant subscription price increases at large DSPs  Believe expects organic growth above +13.0% in FY’25.The Group will increase its focus on value optimization  accelerate its strategy of controlled investments and implement more aggressive automation and efficiency plans. Believe therefore expects an Adjusted EBITDA margin of c. 8.0%. Based on organic growth and margin targets  Adjusted EBITDA is set to further progress in FY’25 by at least +35%. Based on this profitability increase  Believe confirms a positive free cash flow in FY’25  above FY’24 level.FY 2024 KEY FIGURESin € million FY 2023 FY 2024 ChangeYoY Organic rate Adjusted Organic Group Revenues 880.3 988.8 + 12.3% + 11.5% +13.9% Premium Solutions 825.1 924.2 + 12.0% + 11.2% +13.8% Automated Solutions 55.2 64.6 + 17.0% + 15.9% +15.9% Adjusted EBITDA pre-Central Platform 128.4 155.0 +20.7% in % of revenues 14.6% 15.7% 110bps Premium Solutions 118.3 142.4 +20.4% Automated Solutions 10.1 12.6 +25.1% Central Platform (78.1) (87.9) +12.6% Group's Adjusted EBITDA 50.3 67.1 +33.5% in % of revenues 5.7% 6.8% 110bps Operating income / loss (EBIT) (18.1) (2.1) Net income (2.7) 0.6 Free cash flow (3.1) 7.1 Net cash and cash equivalents 214.2 139.8FY 2024 HIGHLIGHTSAdjusted organic revenue growth of +13.9% in FY’24  a solid performance notwithstanding persistent FX headwinds and adverse ad-funded streamingPaid streaming trends remained solid throughout the year  but the positive effect of price increases that large DSPs implemented in Q3’23 faded away in H2’24 and the anticipated new wave of price increases did not happen. Ad-funded streaming trends recorded some progress but did not recover in many emerging markets  notably in Asia. Embedded market FX was negative throughout the year notwithstanding an improvement versus last year  notably in Q4’24. Adjusted organic growth amounted to +13.9% in FY’24  respectively reflecting +15.4% in H1’24 and +12.7% in H2’24. Organic growth would have amounted to +13.1% in FY’24 excluding Germany (versus 11.5% in total Group)  which continued to be actively managed away from physical distribution contracts and therefore penalized the growth trajectory of the Group.Digital sales continued growing well above +10% throughout the year  including in Q4’24 despite the absence of new price increases at large DSPs. Non-digital sales  which include Sentric contribution  were strong until September  but were adversely affected in Q4’24 by accounting changes in publishing in Automated Solutions and lower live activity and physical sales in Premium Solutions.A record-breaking year around the world while further expanding its global reachBelieve saw a record-breaking year for its artists around the world  generating more than 800 billion streams globally  winning 77+ awards with outstanding performances recorded across local markets. It was a transformative year across the business  expanding into new territories with the launch of its first imprint in Japan PlayCode and breaking new ground with Indonesian Java Pop imprint Krumulo. The roster of labels continued to grow with the integration of Turkish powerhouse DMC  newly launched electro label All Night Long in France in partnership with Kidding Aside  the acquisition of legendary Punjabi label White Hill Music and a strategic partnership with Eastern Europe’s top independent dance music company Global Records.A solid performance of the roster in a wider variety of genresBelieve once again asserted its leadership in France in 2024 with outstanding performances that reflect its expertise and commitment to artists. For the first time  Believe secured the #1 spot in the top local productions of 2024  as well as leading the charts for top singles and the top 200 albums (both physical and streaming)3. The company has notably partnered for years with Jul  the top seller of the year for the fourth consecutive year  as well as Werenoi  who led album sales for the second year in a row. In collaboration with Playtwo  Believe also backed Gims  whose track Spider topped the singles chart. Believe also continued diversifying its roster of artists within its in-house labels  supporting talented artists such as NTO  Urumi  Trym  and many others  thereby contributing to the enrichment and dynamism of the French electronic scene.Its development in Latin American music  with artists from Mexico and Brazil notably succeeding at local  regional and global levels  was also celebrated  with Believe shining at the 25th edition of the Latin Grammy Awards in November  where 17 artists received 24 nominations  winning a total of 4 awards. Hermeto Pascoal & Grupo received the award for Best Latin Jazz Album  while the award for Best Latin Children’s Album was given to Danilo y Chapis. Grupo Frontera once again led the Mexican music movement by winning the award for Best Norteño Album. Finally  Brazil was also well represented with 8 nominations among 6 artists and groups  including João Gomes  Chitãozinho & Xororó  Jovem Dionísio  Hermeto Pascoal & Grupo  and Os Garotin  who was nominated for Best New Artist.Confirming TuneCore’s appeal for self-releasing artists seeking to break through the noiseWhile some Believe artists broke streaming records  topped the charts  took home awards and even appeared at the Olympic opening and closing ceremonies  the Group continued to develop artists at all stages of their careers. The Group’s Automated Platform further deployed TuneCore Accelerator  its new flagship marketing program  enrolling more than 450 000 self-releasing artists. Thanks to improvements in catalog optimization technology  the Accelerator program now includes more frontline releases and better supports artists in helping to grow their audiences. This program has helped one in five artists advance to a higher segment over the past 12 months  with those artists seeing their median royalty earnings increase fivefold during that time. The program helps them find new audiences in a sea of releases and propel their fandoms.FY’24 FINANCIALSPremium Solutions and Automated Solutions both driving revenue growth in FY’24Digital Music Sales4 (DMS) amounted to €1 311.7million in FY’24  up +8.3% year-over-year  with double-digit growth in Premium Solutions and a solid performance in Automated Solutions.In FY’24  Premium Solutions  revenues amounted to €924.2 million  up +12.0% at current rate  reflecting +13.5% in H1’24 and +10.7% in H2’24. The increase highlighted an organic growth of +11.2% and a positive perimeter effect of +1.1% related to the acquisition of Sentric (completed in March’23). Digital sales saw double-digit growth throughout the year. Addressable markets were resilient  but organic growth remained  however  penalized by the absence of recovery in ad-funded streaming activities  notably in Asia. Adjusted organic growth was +13.8% in FY’24. The estimated embedded market FX effect improved during the year but remained negative in H2’24 (-1.9% in H2’24 versus -3.3% in H1’24).Automated Solutions revenues amounted to €64.6 million up by +17.0% in FY’24  reflecting +23.4% in H1’24 and +10.9% in H2’24. Digital sales significantly grew from Q2’24  while non-digital sales were impacted by the integration of Sentric’s self-serve activities. In the last quarter  publishing activities were affected by the transfer of some contracts to Premium Solutions  due to their terms being more aligned with the value proposal developed for Premium Solutions’ clients. The success of TuneCore’s advanced marketing program TuneCore Accelerator confirmed its position as the best platform to develop self-releasing artists.Revenue growth across all territories with a steep increase in Europe  excluding France and Germany and in Americasin € million FY’23 FY’24 Change YoY Europe excl. France & Germany 264.6 326.4 + 23.3% Americas 128.1 151.2 + 18.0% France 147.8 162.9 + 10.3% Asia / Oceania / Africa 228.9 237.0 + 3.5% Germany 110.9 111.3 +0.4% Total 880.3 988.8 + 12.3%Revenue growth amounted to +23.3% in Europe (excluding France and Germany) and represented 33.0% of total revenues in FY’24. Believe recorded strong growth across Eastern Europe and in Spain. Revenues in Turkey continued increasing and the Group confirmed its leadership in the country. The performance in the UK was positively uplifted by Sentric’s integration on a 12-month basis.5Americas grew by +18.0% and represented 15.3% of Group revenues in FY’24. The performance was enhanced by the reallocation of a portion of Sentric’s revenues to the US as of Q2’24. The level of activity remained solid in Mexico and Brazil in H2’24  which enabled Believe to further build its market position in the Latin Music space. This solid performance also reflected significant progress in the US  also driven by TuneCore’s performance. The Automated platform witnessed strong revenue growth throughout the year and its performance was boosted by the success of the new marketing program TuneCore Accelerator.In France  revenues increased by +10.3% in FY’24 and represented 16.5 % of Group revenues. Digital revenues further improved  but the growth rate slowed down in Q4’24 compared with Q3’24  which had benefitted from a strong calendar of new releases. The Group confirmed its leadership for local acts in France reaching new heights in annual rankings. Non-digital sales dipped in Q4’24  reflecting a strong decline in live activities compared with Q4’23. Given the market position and the size of Artist Services  non-digital revenues have become significant as Believe offers a complete range of services to the top local artists it serves.Revenue growth reached +3.5% in Asia Pacific and Africa  which represented 24.0% of Group revenues. The Group confirmed the trends recorded in H1’24. The level of activity in Greater China and Japan  where Believe is currently building up its position was strong throughout the year. Ad-funded streaming activities remained subdued in Southeast Asia and in India  which are still largely relying on the freemium model of international DSPs. Paid-streaming trends remained solid but were less buoyant than anticipated in some markets and were affected in India by the shutdown of the local streaming service Wynk.In Germany  revenues were stable year-over-year with an increase at the end of the year  as the Group’s strategy to reorganize its activities in the country has started to bear fruit. After stabilizing revenue in Q2 and Q3  the Group recorded an increase in Q4’24. Non-digital sales continued declining due to Believe’s proactive decision to accelerate its exit from contracts  which were too heavily reliant on physical sales and merchandising  while digital sales confirmed their return to a positive trajectory. The positioning on local acts and the ongoing diversification of the Group’s roster supported this turnaround.Strong increase in Adjusted EBITDA margin driven by Premium and Automated Solutions and reflecting the focus on value maximization and efficiency plansBelieve managed its investment pace in line with the growth level of each market and focused on further optimizing value  improving efficiency and deploying further automation in FY’24. The Group revised its investment in local teams during the year and reduced the pace of its hiring plans in some regions. The year was also marked by the launch of its Be Odyssey program  which aims at further optimizing the technological capabilities of the Central Platform. The program generated higher spending dedicated to Tech and Product within the Central Platform.Adjusted EBITDA pre-Central Platform costs6 grew by +20.7% in FY’24 to reach €155.0 million (versus €128.4 million in FY’23). Believe continued deploying its profitable growth plan through controlled investment in its key countries  a reshuffle of the German activities and further automation. Believe also pursued the roll-out of TuneCore Accelerator  its new flagship marketing program for self-releasing artists with success  which had a positive impact on the Automated platform’s profitability. This was mitigated by costs incurred to prepare greater tech convergence with Premium Solutions. As a result  the Adjusted EBITDA margin pre-Central Platform further progressed and reached 15.7% in FY’24  an increase of 110bps compared with FY’23 (14.6%).Central Platform costs (€87.9 million in FY’24 versus €78.1 million in FY’23) increased by +12.6% year-over-year. Tech & Product spending significantly grew and was  by far  the largest contributor to this increase  as Believe further deployed its Be Odyssey program. General & Administrative and Sales & Marketing costs also increased but at a slower pace than revenue growth. Central Platform costs remained stable as a percentage of revenue versus last year (8.9%).As in previous years  some Central Platform investments are capitalized under IFRS accounting principles. In FY’24  total investment (P&L and capitalized costs) in the Central Platform amounted to €102.2 million. The capitalization of tech spending was  however  limited due to their cloud-based nature and the bulk of the costs incurred by Be Odyssey remained on the P&L. Total investment went up +11.5% year-over-year and declined over revenue to reach 10.3% of total Group revenues compared with 10.4% in FY’23  or a decrease of 10bps.The Group’s Adjusted EBITDA grew by +33.5% year-over-year to reach €67.1 million compared with €50.3 million in FY’23. Adjusted EBITDA margin stood at 6.8% in FY’24 compared with 5.7% in FY’23 thanks to the Adjusted EBITDA margin increase at the segment level and tight management of the Central Platform costs notwithstanding strong increase in Tech spending to prepare for the next phase of growth and scale increase.Operating income (EBIT) improved despite a bump in other operating costs related to the Offer processDepreciation & Amortization amounted to €50.4 million in FY’24  down compared with FY’23 which included an impairment of €13 million mainly driven by the reorganization of its German Premium activities. Excluding this one-off  Depreciation & Amortization increased due to the resumption of Believe’s external growth strategy since Q1’23  notably with the various catalogue acquisitions completed over 2023 and 2024. The Group recorded €10.1million in other operating expenses  largely driven by costs related to the offer initiated by the consortium formed by TCV funds  EQT X and Denis Ladegaillerie. As a result  EBIT was negative by €2.1 million.Positive net incomeThe net financial income was halved year-over-year  reflecting much lower foreign exchange losses and a positive impact related to hyperinflation in Turkey. Believe also recorded a tax charge of €4.6 million in FY’24. The Group achieved a positive net income in FY’24.Positive free cash flow generation  in line with its mid-term expectations. Solid cash level at the end of December’24Working capital variation was negative by €24.6 million  reflecting higher artist and label advances that grew by €34.5 million compared to the end of December’23. After deepening its relationship with its existing roster and renewing some large Tier1 labels on longer and better terms in H1’24  Believe pursued its selective approach in its advance policy in H2’24. As this was the case in FY’23  there were no renewals on longer terms for large Tier1 labels in the second half of the year.Free cash flow was positive by €7.1 million in FY’24  mostly driven by the profitability increase. Capex amounted to €41.6 million including €17.8 million of capitalized costs and represented 4.2% of Group revenue  compared with €49.2 million or 5.6% of Group revenue in FY’23. Capitalized costs were roughly stable year-over-year.Cash on the balance sheet amounted to €139.8 million at the end of December’24 compared with €183.6 million at the end of June’24 and €214.2 million at the end of December’23. This decrease was mostly driven by the external growth strategy. The Group acquired the remaining minorities in DMC  a minority stake in Global Records and several catalogues of music rights.FY 2025 OUTLOOKIn FY’25  the Group will continue to drive a profitable growth trajectory towards its long-term profitability objective of 15% Adjusted EBITDA margin.The Group reviewed its market growth forecast and based its organic growth scenario for 2025 in the absence of price increases at large DSPs in FY’24. Organic growth is expected to be mostly driven by volume (resilient paid streaming and better ad-funded comps) and market share gains. Currency embedded in the market are expected to be roughly stable year-over-year. Based on those assumptions  Believe expects organic growth above +13.0% in FY’25.The Group will increase its focus on value optimization  accelerate its strategy of controlled investments and implement more aggressive automation and efficiency plans. Believe therefore expects an Adjusted EBITDA margin of c. 8.0%. Based on organic growth and margin targets  Adjusted EBITDA is set to further progress in FY’25 by at least +35%.Based on this profitability increase  Believe confirms a positive free cash flow in FY’25  which is anticipated to increase versus FY’24. The Group will continue to pursue its external growth strategy of bolt-on acquisitions and selective policy of advances to artists and labels.The full year earnings report is available on our investor website: Financials | BelieveNext earnings release of Believe (Ticker: BLV  ISIN: FR0014003FE9):01 August 2025: H1 2025 earnings – Press release to be issued after market close.Investor Relations & Financial MediaEmilie MEGELinvestors@believe.comCell: + 33 6 07 09 98 60 Press RelationsNicholas ROSS-EDWARDSnicholas.ross-edwards@believe.comMaria DA SILVAmaria.da-silva@agenceproches.comCell: +33 7 60 70 23 16Appendix1. Use of Alternative Performance IndicatorsTo supplement our financial information presented in accordance with IFRS  we use the following non-IFRS financial measures:DMS is the revenue generated from digital store partners and social media platforms before royalty payment to artists and labels.Organic growth accounts for revenue growth at a like-for-like perimeter and at constant exchange rate.Adjusted EBITDA is calculated based on operating income (loss) before (i) depreciation  amortization and impairment  (ii) share-based payments (IFRS 2) including social security contributions and employer contributions (iii) other operating income and expense; and (iv) depreciation of assets identified at the acquisition date net of deferred taxes from the share of net income (loss) of equity-accounted companies.Free cash flow corresponds to net cash flows from operating activities  after taking into account acquisitions and disposals of intangible assets and property  plant and equipment  and restated for (i) costs related to acquisitions  (ii) acquisition costs of a group of assets  that does not meet the definition of a business combination and (iii) advances related to distribution contracts intended specifically for the acquisition of assets (acquisition of companies  catalogs  etc).2. Quarterly revenue by divisionin € million Q1 2023 Q1 2024 Change Organic at constant rate Premium solutions 186.0 215.3 + 15.8% + 12.6% Automated solutions 12.7 14.9 + 18.2% + 10.8% Total revenues 198.6 230.3 + 15.9% + 12.5%in € million Q2 2023 Q2 2024 Change Organic at constant rate Premium solutions 202.5 225.6 + 11.4% + 10.8% Automated solutions 14.3 18.3 + 28.0% + 29.0% Total revenues 216.8 243.9 + 12.5% + 12.0%in € million Q3 2023 Q3 2024 Change Organic at constant rate Premium solutions 202.9 225.8 + 11.3% + 12.6% Automated solutions 12.1 16.0 + 33.0% + 34.1% Total revenues 215.0 241.8 + 12.5% + 13.8%in € million Q4 2023 Q4 2024 Change Organic at constant rate Premium solutions 233.7 257.6 + 10.2% + 9.2% Automated solutions 16.2 15.3 - 5.5% - 5.4% Total revenues 249.9 272.9 + 9.2% + 8.3%3. H2 revenue by geography (current rate)in € million H2 2023 H2 2024 Change YoY Europe excl. France and Germany 142.7 174.4 + 22.2% Americas 67.5 77.3 + 14.5% France 81.2 84.5 + 4.0% Asia / Oceania / Africa 116.7 120.7 + 3.4% Germany 56.7 57.8 + 1.9% Total 464.9 514.7 + 10.7%4. Revenue breakdown between digital and non-digital salesQ1’24 Q2’24 H1’24 Q3’24 9M 2024 Q4’24 H2’24 FY’24 Digital sales 90% 89% 89% 91% 90% 88% 90% 90% Non-digital sales 10% 11% 11% 9% 10% 12% 10% 10%5. Digital and non-digital sales growth (current rate)Q1’24 Q2’24 H1’24 Q3’24 9M 2024 Q4’24 H2’24 FY’24 Digital sales + 12.1% + 11.2% + 11.6% + 11.7% + 11.7% + 11.4% + 11.6% + 11.6% Non-digital sales + 64.0% + 24.3% + 40.7% + 20.8% + 34.2% - 4.6% + 3.9% + 19.0%6. Digital and non-digital sales growth (organic growth)Q1’24 Q2’24 H1’24 Q3’24 9M 2024 Q4’24 H2’24 FY’24 Digital sales + 13.5% + 11.0% + 12.2% + 13.0% + 12.5% + 10.7% + 11.8% + 12.0% Non-digital sales + 0.8% + 22.1% + 13.3% + 23.0% + 16.5% - 7.1% + 3.0% + 7.2%7. Premium Solutions revenue growth adjusted for estimated embedded market FX effectsQ1’24 Q2’24 H1’24 Q3’24 9M 2024 Q4’24 H2’24 FY’24 Digital sales + 17.9% + 13.5% + 15.6% + 14.5% + 15.2% + 12.0% + 13.2% + 14.4% Non-digital sales + 0.3% + 13.5% + 7.9% + 17.6% + 11.2% + 4.0% + 8.7% + 8.4%About BelieveBelieve is one of the world’s leading digital music companies. Believe’s mission is to develop independent artists and labels in the digital world by providing them with the solutions they need to grow their audience at each stage of their career and development. Believe’s passionate team of digital music experts around the world leverages the Group’s global technology platform to advise artists and labels. distribute and promote their music. Its 2 037 employees in more than 50 countries aim to support independent artists and labels with a unique digital expertise  respect  fairness and transparency. Believe offers its various solutions through a portfolio of brands including Believe. TuneCore. Nuclear Blast. Naïve. Groove Attack. AllPoints. Ishtar and Byond. Believe is listed on compartment B of the regulated market of Euronext Paris (Ticker: BLV. ISIN: FR0014003FE9).www.believe.comForward Looking statementThis press release contains forward-looking statements regarding the prospects and growth strategies of Believe and its subsidiaries (the “Group”). These statements include statements relating to the Group’s intentions. strategies. growth prospects. and trends in its results of operations. financial situation and liquidity. Although such statements are based on data. assumptions and estimates that the Group considers reasonable  they are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties and actual results could differ from those anticipated in such statements due to a variety of factors. including those discussed in the Group’s filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) which are available on the website of Believe (www.believe.com). Prospective information contained in this press release is given only as of the date hereof. Other than as required by law  the Group expressly disclaims any obligation to update its forward-looking statements in light of new information or future developments. Some of the financial information contained in this press release is not IFRS (Interna1 Alternative performance indicators are presented  defined and reconciled with IFRS in appendices 1 of this press release (page 8).2 Adjusted organic growth aims at providing a view on Believe’s organic revenue growth after neutralizing embedded market forex impact: Believe assesses the forex impact on each digital market served by the Group to estimate the market forex embedded into its digital revenues collected from its digital partners.3 According to 2024 rankings SNEP data4. Digital Music Sales or DMS is a non IFRS measure defined in appendix 1.5 Sentric’s revenues are split by region thanks to greater integration in the Group’s systems since Q2’24  while they were previously accounted for in Europe  excluding France and Germany. Most of the revenues were reallocated to the US.6. The Adjusted EBITDA pre-central platform costs consist in the Adjusted EBITDA of the Automated and Premium Solutions segments before considering Central Platform costs. Central Platform costs account for the costs that cannot be allocated by segment.Attachment,positive,0.69,0.3,0.0,mixed,0.5,0.23,0.28,True,English,"['Significant profitability improvement', 'solid organic growth', 'currency impacts', 'BELIEVE', 'FY', '24', 'positive free cash flow generation', 'significant subscription price increases', 'negative embedded market FX', 'Premium Solutions digital sales', 'resilient paid-streaming development', 'M&A cash', 'lower live activity', 'Paid streaming trends', 'Ad-funded streaming trends', 'market share gains', 'adverse ad-funded streaming', 'Dynamic external growth', 'Significant profitability improvement', 'many emerging markets', 'YoY Organic rate', 'physical distribution contracts', 'soft ad-funded revenues', 'new price increases', 'organic revenue growth', 'funded streaming growth', 'solid organic growth', 'FY 2024 Key Figures1', 'Organic Group Revenues', 'positive effect', 'Net cash', 'cash equivalents', 'physical sales', 'current rate', 'FX headwinds', 'solid growth', 'Non-digital sales', 'Automated Solutions', 'new milestones', 'new imprints', 'Solid performance', 'new wave', 'Strong growth', 'softer growth', 'growth trajectory', 'profitability increase', 'currency impacts', 'currency headwinds', 'long-term tailwinds', 'active management', 'value optimization', 'operating leverage', '800 billion streams', 'global reach', 'wider variety', 'catalog acquisitions', 'large DSPs', 'aggressive automation', 'efficiency plans', 'Central Platform', 'Operating income', 'Net income', 'Sentric contribution', 'adverse Q4', 'Strong increase', 'The Group', 'total Group', 'H1’24 guidance', 'Eastern Europe', 'margin targets', 'Adjusted EBITDA', 'last year', 'record-breaking year', 'local artists', 'controlled investments', 'FY 2024 Highlights', 'FY’24 level', 'FY 2024 Change', 'EBITDA margin', 'greater focus', 'labels’ roster', 'Paris', 'France', 'March', 'line', 'Germany', 'Americas', 'Asia', 'Pacific/Africa', 'absence', 'recovery', 'advances', 'Dec', 'footprint', 'launch', 'PlayCode', 'Japan', 'Krumulo', 'Indonesia', 'Turkey', 'India', 'genres', 'leadership', '2025 Outlook', 'Believe', 'strategy', 'progress', 'loss', 'persistent', 'Q3', 'H2', 'September', 'changes', 'publishing', 'world', '91', '11.', '15.']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,globenewswire.com
49420,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.bankier.pl/wiadomosc/UniCredit-PRESS-RELEASE-8907487.html,UniCredit: PRESS RELEASE,Spis treści:1. RAPORT BIEŻĄCY2. MESSAGE (ENGLISH VERSION)3. INFORMACJE O PODMIOCIE4. PODPISY OSÓB REPREZENTUJĄCYCH SPÓŁKĘSpis załączników:PR_UniCredit_Authorizations_from_ECB_for_statutory_amendments_and_classification_of_the_new_shares_as_CET1_13032025.pdf  …,NOT FOR RELEASE  PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN WHOLE OR IN PART  IN OR INTO OR FROM THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION.VOLUNTARY PUBLIC EXCHANGE OFFER LAUNCHED BY UNICREDIT S.P.A. ON ALL ORDINARY SHARES OF BANCO BPM S.P.A.PRESS RELEASEMilan  13 March 2025 - With reference to the voluntary public exchange offer (the ‘Offer’) launched pursuant to articles 102 et seq. of the TUF on all the ordinary shares of Banco BPM S.p.A.  UniCredit S.p.A. announces that today it has received from the European Central Bank the authorizations (i) to amend its bylaws by including a delegation to the Board of Directors to resolve on the share capital increase to serve the Offer and (ii) to classify the new shares to be issued within such capital increase as CET1.The decision of the European Central Bank is subject to the condition that the extraordinary shareholders' meeting of UniCredit S.p.A.  called for March 27th 2025  approves the above mentioned amendment.* * *THIS PRESS RELEASE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE THE EXTENSION OF AN OFFER TO ACQUIRE  PURCHASE  SUBSCRIBE FOR  SELL OR EXCHANGE (OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO ACQUIRE  PURCHASE  SUBSCRIBE FOR  SELL OR EXCHANGE)  ANY SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION  INCLUDING THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  AUSTRALIA  CANADA  JAPAN  OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE LAWS OF SUCH JURISDICTION AND ANY SUCH OFFER (OR SOLICITATION) MAY NOT BE EXTENDED IN ANY SUCH JURISDICTION.The public voluntary exchange offer described in this press release (the “Offer”) will be promoted by UniCredit S.p.A. (the “Offeror” or “UniCredit”) over the totality of the ordinary shares of Banco BPM S.p.A. (“BPM”).This press release does not constitute an offer to buy or sell BPM’s shares.The Offer will be launched in Italy and will be made on a non-discriminatory basis and on equal terms to all shareholders of Banco BPM S.p.A.. The Offer will be promoted in Italy as BPM’s shares are listed on the Euronext Milan organised and managed by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. and  except for what is indicated below  is subject to the obligations and procedural requirements provided for by Italian law.The Offer is not as of today being made in the United States (or will not be directed at U.S. Persons  as defined in Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as subsequently amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”))  Canada  Japan  Australia or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the laws of such jurisdiction and any such offer (or solicitation) may not be extended in any such jurisdiction (“Other Countries”). The Offeror reserves the right to extend the Offer in the United States exclusively to certain professional investors who qualify as Qualified Institutional Buyers  as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act  by way of a private placement in compliance with United States federal laws and regulations concerning the offer of financial instruments and with United States laws concerning tender offers  insofar as applicable. Such potential extension of the Offer in the United States would occur by way of a separate offer document restricted to Qualified Institutional Buyers.A copy of any document that the Offeror will issue in relation to the Offer  or portions thereof  is not and shall not be sent  nor in any way transmitted  or otherwise distributed  directly or indirectly  in the Other Countries. Anyone receiving such documents shall not distribute  forward or send them (neither by postal service nor by using national or international instruments of communication or commerce) in the Other Countries.Any tender in the Offer resulting from solicitation carried out in violation of the above restrictions will not be accepted.This press release and any other document issued by the Offeror in relation to the Offer do not constitute and are not part neither of an offer to buy or exchange  nor of a solicitation to offer to sell or exchange financial instruments in the United States or in the Other Countries. Financial instruments cannot be offered or sold in the United States unless they have been registered pursuant to the U.S. Securities Act  or are exempt from registration. Financial instruments offered in the context of the transaction described in this press release will not be registered pursuant to the U.S. Securities Act  and UniCredit does not intend to carry out a public offer of such financial instruments in the United States. No financial instrument can be offered or transferred in the Other Countries without specific approval in compliance with the relevant provisions applicable in such countries or without exemption from such provisions.This press release may only be accessed in or from the United Kingdom who are “qualified investors” within the meaning of Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as forming part of United Kingdom law by virtue of 'European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018  as amended  and who (i) have professional experience in investment matters under section 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Decree”); or (ii) are persons who have a high net worth and who fall within article 49(2)(a) - (d) of the Decree (the aforementioned subjects  jointly  the “Relevant Persons”). Any investment activity to which this document refers is available only to Relevant Persons.Financial Instruments described in this press release are made available only to Relevant Persons (and any solicitation  offer  agreement to subscribe  purchase or otherwise acquire such financial instruments will be directed exclusively at such persons). Any person who is not a Relevant Person should not act or rely on this document or any of its contents.Tendering in the Offer by persons residing in jurisdictions other than Italy may be subject to specific obligations or restrictions imposed by applicable legal or regulatory provisions of such jurisdictions. Recipients of the Offer are solely responsible for complying with such laws and  therefore  before tendering in the Offer  they are responsible for determining whether such laws exist and are applicable by relying on their own advisors. The Offeror does not accept any liability for any violation by any person of any of the above restrictions.,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,negative,0.02,0.22,0.76,True,English,"['PRESS RELEASE', 'UniCredit', 'Borsa Italiana S.p.A.', 'BANCO BPM S.P.A.', 'UNICREDIT S.P.A.', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'VOLUNTARY PUBLIC EXCHANGE OFFER', 'public voluntary exchange offer', 'U.S. Persons', 'United States federal laws', 'European Central Bank', 'Qualified Institutional Buyers', 'share capital increase', ""extraordinary shareholders' meeting"", 'United Kingdom law', 'United States laws', 'Such potential extension', 'separate offer document', 'Regulation S', 'public offer', 'qualified investors', 'European Union', 'Italian law', 'RELEVANT LAWS', 'LAUNCHED BY', 'discriminatory basis', 'equal terms', 'procedural requirements', 'professional investors', 'Rule 144A', 'private placement', 'financial instruments', 'postal service', 'international instruments', 'other document', 'specific approval', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Other Countries', 'ORDINARY SHARES', 'new shares', 'March 27th', 'Euronext Milan', 'tender offers', 'relevant provisions', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'SUCH OFFER', 'The Offeror', 'PUBLICATION', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'WHOLE', 'PART', 'INTO', 'AMERICA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'CANADA', 'JAPAN', 'VIOLATION', 'reference', 'articles', 'TUF', 'authorizations', 'bylaws', 'delegation', 'Board', 'Directors', 'CET1.', 'decision', 'condition', 'amendment', 'ACQUIRE', 'PURCHASE', 'SUBSCRIBE', 'SELL', 'SOLICITATION', 'totality', 'Italy', 'obligations', 'today', 'right', 'way', 'compliance', 'regulations', 'copy', 'relation', 'portions', 'Anyone', 'documents', 'communication', 'commerce', 'restrictions', 'registration', 'context', 'transaction', 'exemption', 'meaning', 'virtue']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,bankier.pl
49421,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.crowdfundinsider.com/2025/03/237352-euronext-scales-up-saas-offering-with-acquisition-of-admincontrol/,Euronext Scales Up SaaS Offering with Acquisition of Admincontrol,Euronext announces that it has entered into a definitive agreement with Visma to acquire 100% of Admincontrol  a provider of governance solutions.,Euronext announces that it has entered into a definitive agreement with Visma to acquire 100% of Admincontrol  a provider of governance solutions.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['SaaS Offering', 'Euronext', 'Acquisition', 'Admincontrol', 'definitive agreement', 'governance solutions', 'Euronext', 'Visma', 'Admincontrol', 'provider']",2025-03-14,2025-03-14,crowdfundinsider.com
49422,EuroNext,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/worldline-north-america-named-great-130000055.html,Worldline North America Named 'Great Place to Work' for the Fourth Consecutive Year,WLN]  a global leader in payment services  is pleased to announce a fourth consecutive certification as a Great Place To Work®.,"VICTORIA  BC  March 14  2025 /PRNewswire/ - Worldline [Euronext: WLN]  a global leader in payment services  is pleased to announce a fourth consecutive certification as a Great Place To Work®.Worldline Logo (CNW Group/Worldline)This recognition follows a comprehensive  independent evaluation by the Great Place to Work Institute® and reflects direct feedback from employees  gathered through a detailed and anonymous survey regarding their workplaces in both the United States and Canada.""Achieving the 'Great Place to Work' certification for the fourth consecutive year is an honour that reflects our collective team efforts and shared values. One of our core pillars at Worldline is ""Humanizing Payments""  which truly begins with the incredible humans within our organization "" says Justin Passalaqua  CEO  Worldline North America. ""This industry is nothing if not complex and dynamic  so it's imperative that we do everything we can to support our hardworking teams. We would not be where we are today without them and their consistent dedication.""Employees at Worldline continue to enjoy a competitive benefits package  including RRSP matching  100% employer paid health and dental coverage  parental leave top-up  and a lifestyle spending account. This year  the Worldline Victoria team relocated their office space to a class AA Leed Platinum certified building  a globally recognized symbol of sustainability achievement. The building received a score of 80+ on a rating scale based on increased energy efficiency  minimized water usage  reduced greenhouse gas emissions  improved occupant wellbeing  and more. These factors align with Worldline's Corporate Social Responsibility goals and environmentally conscious approach to doing business. Additional perks of moving to this office space include the use of their fitness facility  secure bicycle storage  and a shower with changing rooms to provide employees with the opportunity to include physical fitness into their daily routine.While these benefits showcase Worldline's commitment to being a responsible employer  the company recognizes that there are several other ways they can be supporting their employees. One of which being to ensure that women and minorities are given equal opportunity for leadership roles. ""At Worldline  we're proud of the strides we've made to promote diverse talent within our leadership and management teams "" says Claire Gayton  Head of Operations  Worldline North America. ""Celebrating the contributions of women and minorities is not just about representation; it's about leveraging their unique perspectives to drive innovation and success.""",neutral,0.3,0.7,0.0,positive,0.91,0.09,0.0,True,English,"['Worldline North America', 'Fourth Consecutive Year', 'class AA Leed Platinum certified building', 'Corporate Social Responsibility goals', 'comprehensive, independent evaluation', 'fourth consecutive year', 'collective team efforts', 'lifestyle spending account', 'greenhouse gas emissions', 'secure bicycle storage', 'several other ways', '100% employer paid health', 'fourth consecutive certification', 'competitive benefits package', 'Worldline North America', 'Worldline Victoria team', 'responsible employer', 'global leader', 'payment services', 'Great Place', 'CNW Group', 'direct feedback', 'anonymous survey', 'United States', 'core pillars', 'Humanizing Payments', 'incredible humans', 'Justin Passalaqua', 'hardworking teams', 'consistent dedication', 'RRSP matching', 'dental coverage', 'parental leave', 'office space', 'sustainability achievement', 'rating scale', 'energy efficiency', 'water usage', 'occupant wellbeing', 'conscious approach', 'Additional perks', 'fitness facility', 'changing rooms', 'physical fitness', 'daily routine', 'diverse talent', 'management teams', 'Claire Gayton', 'unique perspectives', 'Worldline Logo', 'equal opportunity', 'leadership roles', 'Work Institute®', 'BC', 'PRNewswire', 'Euronext', 'WLN', 'recognition', 'employees', 'detailed', 'workplaces', 'Canada', 'honour', 'values', 'organization', 'CEO', 'industry', 'everything', 'symbol', 'score', 'factors', 'business', 'shower', 'commitment', 'company', 'women', 'minorities', 'strides', 'Head', 'Operations', 'contributions', 'representation', 'innovation', 'success']",2025-03-14,2025-03-14,finance.yahoo.com
49423,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.manilatimes.net/2025/03/14/tmt-newswire/globenewswire/bekaert-update-on-the-share-buyback-program-and-the-liquidity-agreement/2073315,Bekaert - Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity Agreement,On 28 February 2025  Bekaert announced the start of the next tranche of its share buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 25 million. As announced previously  the purpose of the Program is to cancel all shares repurchased.,Update on the Share Buyback Program and the Liquidity AgreementPeriod from 6 March 2025 to 12 March 2025Share Buyback ProgramOn 28 February 2025   Bekaert announced the start of the next tranche of its share buyback program  for a total maximum consideration of up to € 25 million. As announced previously  the purpose of the Program is to cancel all shares repurchased.Bekaert announces today that during the period from 6 March 2025 to 12 March 2025  Kepler Cheuvreux SA on behalf of Bekaert has bought 93 865 shares.Get the latest newsdelivered to your inbox Sign up for The Manila Times newsletters By signing up with an email address  I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyThe table below provides an overview of the transactions under the Program during the period from 6 March 2025 to 12 March 2025:Repurchase of shares Date Market Number of Shares Average Price paid (€) Highest Price Advertisement paid (€) Lowest Price paid (€) Total Amount (€) 6 March 2025 Euronext Brussels 7 824 35.90 36.84 34.34 280 882 MTF CBOE 7 150 35.95 36.80 34.28 257 043 MTF Turquoise 1 372 35.92 36.74 34.26 49 282 MTF Aquis 695 35.97 36.74 35.26 24 999 7 March 2025 Euronext Brussels 9 249 36.61 37.12 36.18 338 606 MTF CBOE 6 795 36.64 37.08 36.12 248 969 MTF Turquoise 1 459 36.69 37.08 36.12 53 531 MTF Aquis 846 36.63 37.06 36.28 30 989 10 March 2025 Euronext Brussels 9 537 35.73 36.40 35.22 340 757 MTF CBOE 6 881 35.71 36.30 35.38 245 721 MTF Turquoise 1 594 35.66 36.08 35.46 56 842 MTF Aquis 855 35.68 36.04 35.48 30 506 11 March 2025 Euronext Brussels 9 892 35.87 36.28 35.46 354 826 MTF CBOE 7 103 35.88 36.24 35.58 254 856 MTF Turquoise 1 512 35.90 36.24 35.66 54 281 MTF Aquis 938 35.88 36.18 35.58 33 655 12 March 2025 Euronext Brussels 10 211 36.76 37.94 36.10 375 356 MTF CBOE 7 406 36.71 37.78 36.08 271 874 MTF Turquoise 1 605 36.71 37.78 36.22 58 920 MTF Aquis 941 36.67 37.90 36.20 34 506 Total 93 865 36.18 37.94 34.26 3 396 400In relation to the renewed liquidity agreement with Kepler Cheuvreux announced on 25 June 2024   Bekaert announces today that Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has bought 4 977 shares during the period from 6 March 2025 to 12 March 2025 on Euronext Brussels. During the same period  Kepler Cheuvreux on behalf of Bekaert has sold 11 964 shares on Euronext Brussels.AdvertisementThe tables below provide an overview of the transactions under the liquidity agreement during the period from 6 March 2025 to 12 March 2025:Purchase of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 6 March 2025 0 0.00 0.00 0.00 0 7 March 2025 1 200 36.25 36.30 36.24 43 500 10 March 2025 1 877 35.58 36.10 35.20 66 784 11 March 2025 200 35.60 35.60 35.60 7 120 12 March 2025 1 700 36.27 36.38 36.10 61 659 Total 4 977 179 063Sale of shares Date Number of Shares Average Price (€) Highest Price (€) Lowest Price (€) Total Amount (€) 6 March 2025 7 264 35.52 36.80 34.18 258 017 7 March 2025 965 36.94 37.20 36.70 35 647 10 March 2025 400 36.45 36.50 36.40 14 580 11 March 2025 1 400 35.94 36.20 35.70 50 316 12 March 2025 1 935 37.90 37.90 37.90 73 337 Total 11 964 431 897AdvertisementThe balance held by Bekaert under the liquidity agreement at the end of the period is 29 846 shares.On 12 March 2025 after closing of the market  Bekaert holds 2 739 496 own shares  or 5.05% of the total number of the outstanding shares.This information is also made available on the investor relations pages of our website.AttachmentAdvertisement,neutral,0.0,1.0,0.0,neutral,0.05,0.93,0.01,True,English,"['Share Buyback Program', 'Liquidity Agreement', 'Bekaert', 'Update', 'The Manila Times newsletters', 'investor relations pages', 'Share Buyback Program', 'total maximum consideration', 'Kepler Cheuvreux SA', 'Shares Average Price', 'Date Market Number', 'Highest Price Advertisement', 'Liquidity Agreement Period', 'Date Number', 'Lowest Price', 'total number', 'next tranche', 'latest news', 'email address', 'Privacy Policy', 'Total Amount', 'Euronext Brussels', 'MTF CBOE', 'MTF Turquoise', '282 MTF Aquis', '54 281 MTF Aquis', 'outstanding shares', 'same period', '93 865 shares', '4 977 shares', '11 964 shares', '29 846 shares', 'Update', '6 March', '12 March', '28 February', 'Bekaert', 'start', 'purpose', 'behalf', 'inbox', 'Terms', 'Service', 'table', 'overview', 'transactions', 'Repurchase', '25 June', '7 March', 'Sale', 'balance', 'end', 'closing', 'information', 'website', 'Attachment', '882', '739 496']",2025-03-14,2025-03-14,manilatimes.net
49424,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.billboard.com/pro/pershing-square-sell-universal-music-group-shares/,Pershing Square to Sell $1.5 Billion of Universal Music Group Shares,Pershing Square Holding will sell $1.5 billion worth of Universal Music Group shares on the Euronext Amsterdam exchange.,Hedge fund Pershing Square Holdings is parting with 50 million shares of one of its most prized assets  Universal Music Group (UMG).The sale of 50 million shares — approximately 2.7% of UMG’s outstanding shares — on the Euronext Amsterdam exchange  at 26.60 euros ($28.97) to 27.90 euros ($30.28)  according to Bloomberg  would gross between $1.45 billion and $1.51 billion. Pershing Square acquired its original 10% UMG stake in 2021 for $3.9 billion.“We decided to sell a portion of our UMG position today ” Pershing Square CEO Bill Ackman wrote on X on Thursday (March 13). “UMG has substantially outperformed the rest of our portfolio (other than the GSEs) year to date in light of its extremely strong recent results.“Pershing Square owns 7.6% of UMG’s outstanding shares after buying a stake from Vivendi in 2021  prior to UMG’s listing on the Euronext Amsterdam exchange that same year. Following the sale  UMG will account for approximately 17% of Pershing Square’s portfolio  down from approximately 27% before the sale.Trending on BillboardSeparately  UMG will be a dual-listed company in 2025  as Pershing Square plans to sell a portion of its UMG stake on a U.S. exchange. The listing will occur by September  according to a UMG statement in January. In November  Ackman announced his plan to take UMG public to a U.S. exchange by selling a portion of Pershing Square’s stake. The decision came after Israeli soccer fans were attacked in Amsterdam  which resulted in Ackman de-listing Pershing Square shares from the Amsterdam exchange and urging UMG to do the same.“[UMG CEO Lucian Grainge] and the UMG team have done a superb job growing the company ” Ackman  a director on UMG’s board  continued on X. “We believe UMG is one of the best businesses we have ever owned…In a world of uncertainty  owning a royalty on music with the best management team in the industry is a blissfully comfortable and profitable place to be.“,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.61,0.19,0.2,True,English,"['Universal Music Group Shares', 'Pershing Square', '1.5 Billion', 'Pershing Square CEO Bill Ackman', 'strong recent results', 'Israeli soccer fans', 'U.S. exchange', 'Pershing Square Holdings', 'Euronext Amsterdam exchange', 'Universal Music Group', 'best management team', 'Pershing Square shares', 'original 10% UMG stake', 'best businesses', '50 million shares', 'outstanding shares', 'Hedge fund', 'prized assets', 'Lucian Grainge', 'superb job', 'profitable place', 'UMG team', 'dual-listed company', 'UMG position', 'UMG statement', 'UMG public', 'sale', 'Bloomberg', 'portion', 'Thursday', 'March', 'rest', 'portfolio', 'GSEs', 'date', 'light', 'Vivendi', 'listing', 'Billboard', 'September', 'January', 'November', 'plan', 'decision', 'director', 'X.', 'world', 'uncertainty', 'royalty', 'industry', 'comfortable', '26.60', '27.90']",2025-03-13,2025-03-14,billboard.com
