UID,Searchword,API,URL,Title,Summary,Article,Title_Sentiment,Title_Positive,Title_Neutral,Title_Negative,Article_Sentiment,Article_Positive,Article_Neutral,Article_Negative,Verified,Language,Topics,Date,Load_Date,Source
571,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Why stock markets love the blockchain and how Bundesbank and Deutsche Börse are readying to unveil a market prototype.,nan,Why stock markets love the blockchain and how Bundesbank and Deutsche Börse are readying to unveil a market prototype.,positive,0.7,0.27,0.02,positive,0.7,0.27,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'stock markets', 'market prototype', 'blockchain', 'Bundesbank', 'Deutsche Börse', 'stock markets', 'market prototype', 'blockchain', 'Bundesbank']",2022-03-31,2022-04-05,Unknown
2005,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,In other words I accidentally heard a guy who went to biz school shilling NFTs with no blockchain &amp; a Clearstream e… https://t.co/qWwTRQZAwu,nan,In other words I accidentally heard a guy who went to biz school shilling NFTs with no blockchain &amp; a Clearstream e… https://t.co/qWwTRQZAwu,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,negative,0.0,0.03,0.97,True,English,"['other words', 'biz school', 'guy', 'NFTs', 'blockchain', 'Clearstream', 'qWwTRQZAwu', 'other words', 'biz school', 'guy', 'NFTs', 'blockchain', 'Clearstream', 'qWwTRQZAwu']",2022-03-31,2022-04-05,Unknown
2006,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,⁦@jpmorgan⁩ Processes Bond PaymentCoupon payment for Russia’s 2030 dollar debtClearstream blocked depository acco… https://t.co/4nrenjaIJw,nan,⁦@jpmorgan⁩ Processes Bond PaymentCoupon payment for Russia’s 2030 dollar debtClearstream blocked depository acco… https://t.co/4nrenjaIJw,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,True,English,"['Bond Payment', 'Coupon payment', '2030 dollar debt', 'depository acco', 'jpmorgan', 'Processes', 'Russia', 'Clearstream', 'nrenjaIJw', 'Bond Payment', 'Coupon payment', '2030 dollar debt', 'depository acco', 'jpmorgan', 'Processes', 'Russia', 'Clearstream', 'nrenjaIJw']",2022-03-31,2022-04-05,Unknown
2007,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Coupon payment for Russia’s 2030 dollar debt due on ThursdayClearstream blocked Russian depository account last we… https://t.co/K8FVyEcsPg,nan,Coupon payment for Russia’s 2030 dollar debt due on ThursdayClearstream blocked Russian depository account last we… https://t.co/K8FVyEcsPg,negative,0.01,0.38,0.61,negative,0.01,0.38,0.61,True,English,"['Russian depository account', 'Coupon payment', '2030 dollar debt', 'Thursday', 'Clearstream', 'K8FVyEcsPg', 'Russian depository account', 'Coupon payment', '2030 dollar debt', 'Thursday', 'Clearstream', 'K8FVyEcsPg']",2022-03-31,2022-04-05,Unknown
2017,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Fidelity International launches Bitcoin ETP on Deutsche BoerseToplist Crypto Casino &amp; SportsBook 👉… https://t.co/tljYVkCwID,nan,Fidelity International launches Bitcoin ETP on Deutsche BoerseToplist Crypto Casino &amp; SportsBook 👉… https://t.co/tljYVkCwID,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,neutral,0.07,0.9,0.03,True,English,"['Toplist Crypto Casino', 'Fidelity International', 'Bitcoin ETP', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'SportsBook', 'tljYVkCwID', 'Toplist Crypto Casino', 'Fidelity International', 'Bitcoin ETP', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'SportsBook', 'tljYVkCwID']",2022-03-31,2022-04-05,Unknown
2018,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,⚠💵 13D Ownership Filing!! Symbol: $MOTVWho: Deutsche Boerse AGAmount: 24 262 496Link: https://t.co/tqNjgymWYf,nan,⚠💵 13D Ownership Filing!! Symbol: $MOTVWho: Deutsche Boerse AGAmount: 24 262 496Link: https://t.co/tqNjgymWYf,neutral,0.02,0.89,0.09,neutral,0.02,0.89,0.09,True,English,"['Deutsche Boerse AG Amount', '13D Ownership Filing', 'Symbol', 'Link', 'tqNjgymWYf', 'Deutsche Boerse AG Amount', '13D Ownership Filing', 'Symbol', 'Link', 'tqNjgymWYf']",2022-03-31,2022-04-05,Unknown
2019,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,I found you an Oversold RSI (Relative Strength Index) on the daily chart of Deka Deutsche Börse EUROGOV Germany 10+… https://t.co/P5WOPFU4YT,nan,I found you an Oversold RSI (Relative Strength Index) on the daily chart of Deka Deutsche Börse EUROGOV Germany 10+… https://t.co/P5WOPFU4YT,neutral,0.03,0.78,0.19,neutral,0.03,0.78,0.19,True,English,"['Deka Deutsche Börse EUROGOV Germany', 'Relative Strength Index', 'Oversold RSI', 'daily chart', 'P5WOPFU4YT', 'Deka Deutsche Börse EUROGOV Germany', 'Relative Strength Index', 'Oversold RSI', 'daily chart', 'P5WOPFU4YT']",2022-03-30,2022-04-05,Unknown
2096,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,As Russian sovereign debt payments manage to be processed through JPMorgan  despite Clearstream blocking the Nation… https://t.co/HtDeZtnfho,nan,As Russian sovereign debt payments manage to be processed through JPMorgan  despite Clearstream blocking the Nation… https://t.co/HtDeZtnfho,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,negative,0.01,0.22,0.77,True,English,"['Russian sovereign debt payments', 'JPMorgan', 'Clearstream', 'Nation', 'HtDeZtnfho', 'Russian sovereign debt payments', 'JPMorgan', 'Clearstream', 'Nation', 'HtDeZtnfho']",2022-04-01,2022-04-05,Unknown
2097,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,NEW CLEARSTREAM ECLIPSE Amplified Indoor Ultra-Thin HDTV Antenna 50+ miles! #eBay🇺🇸 #Electronics https://t.co/nCn4ykqLU7,nan,NEW CLEARSTREAM ECLIPSE Amplified Indoor Ultra-Thin HDTV Antenna 50+ miles! #eBay🇺🇸 #Electronics https://t.co/nCn4ykqLU7,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,True,English,"['NEW CLEARSTREAM ECLIPSE Amplified Indoor Ultra-Thin HDTV Antenna', '+ miles', 'eBay', 'Electronics', 'nCn4ykqLU7', 'NEW CLEARSTREAM ECLIPSE Amplified Indoor Ultra-Thin HDTV Antenna', '+ miles', 'eBay', 'Electronics', 'nCn4ykqLU7']",2022-04-01,2022-04-05,Unknown
2098,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,Site Administratorat ClearStream Energy Services Inc.Job Description Are you a driven and motivated team player D… https://t.co/HCf8lFUALk,nan,Site Administratorat ClearStream Energy Services Inc.Job Description Are you a driven and motivated team player D… https://t.co/HCf8lFUALk,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,neutral,0.06,0.92,0.02,True,English,"['ClearStream Energy Services Inc.', 'motivated team player D', 'Site Administrator', 'Job Description', 'driven', 'HCf8lFUALk', 'ClearStream Energy Services Inc.', 'motivated team player D', 'Site Administrator', 'Job Description', 'driven', 'HCf8lFUALk']",2022-03-31,2022-04-05,Unknown
2101,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,SIX Buys Deutsche Börse’s 50% Stake in REGIS-TR  Emerges Sole Owner Iberclear  a Spanish central securities deposit… https://t.co/gl6BuTsZeM,nan,SIX Buys Deutsche Börse’s 50% Stake in REGIS-TR  Emerges Sole Owner Iberclear  a Spanish central securities deposit… https://t.co/gl6BuTsZeM,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Spanish central securities deposit', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Sole Owner Iberclear', 'SIX', '50% Stake', 'REGIS-TR', 'gl6BuTsZeM', 'Spanish central securities deposit', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Sole Owner Iberclear', 'SIX', '50% Stake', 'REGIS-TR', 'gl6BuTsZeM']",2022-04-01,2022-04-05,Unknown
2158,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,We're thrilled to see a rave #review on our Clearstream Flex from @techradar! Were we surprised? Of course not  we… https://t.co/3aVu3cAFUy,nan,We're thrilled to see a rave #review on our Clearstream Flex from @techradar! Were we surprised? Of course not  we… https://t.co/3aVu3cAFUy,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,positive,0.98,0.02,0.0,True,English,"['rave #review', 'Clearstream Flex', 'aVu3cAFUy', 'rave #review', 'Clearstream Flex', 'aVu3cAFUy']",2022-04-02,2022-04-05,Unknown
2161,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,SIX Buys Deutsche Börse’s 50% Stake in REGIS-TR  Emerges Sole Owner Iberclear  a Spanish central securities deposit… https://t.co/yqReyGvK6y,nan,SIX Buys Deutsche Börse’s 50% Stake in REGIS-TR  Emerges Sole Owner Iberclear  a Spanish central securities deposit… https://t.co/yqReyGvK6y,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Spanish central securities deposit', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Sole Owner Iberclear', 'SIX', '50% Stake', 'REGIS-TR', 'yqReyGvK6y', 'Spanish central securities deposit', 'Deutsche Börse', 'Sole Owner Iberclear', 'SIX', '50% Stake', 'REGIS-TR', 'yqReyGvK6y']",2022-04-02,2022-04-05,Unknown
2173,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@FrontlinerUV Just sitting no acting/reaction ..Clearstream visible it’s fake. Poor cgi :),nan,@FrontlinerUV Just sitting no acting/reaction ..Clearstream visible it’s fake. Poor cgi :),negative,0.01,0.11,0.88,negative,0.01,0.11,0.88,True,English,"['acting/reaction', 'acting/reaction']",2022-04-03,2022-04-05,Unknown
2175,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,A great start to the new season @TPGallery The 2022 Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition present… https://t.co/xO0y8EyuTe,nan,A great start to the new season @TPGallery The 2022 Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition present… https://t.co/xO0y8EyuTe,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,positive,0.99,0.01,0.0,True,English,"['The 2022 Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition', 'great start', 'new season', 'TPGallery', 'xO0y8EyuTe', 'The 2022 Deutsche Börse Photography Foundation Prize exhibition', 'great start', 'new season', 'TPGallery', 'xO0y8EyuTe']",2022-04-03,2022-04-05,Unknown
2176,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,German securities trading marketplace Deutsche Börse has announced plans for around $315 mln of spending on new tec… https://t.co/gSJkRcgob9,nan,German securities trading marketplace Deutsche Börse has announced plans for around $315 mln of spending on new tec… https://t.co/gSJkRcgob9,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.03,True,English,"['German securities trading marketplace', 'Deutsche Börse', 'plans', '$315 mln', 'spending', 'gSJkRcgob9', 'German securities trading marketplace', 'Deutsche Börse', 'plans', '$315 mln', 'spending', 'gSJkRcgob9']",2022-04-03,2022-04-05,Unknown
2185,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-medivir-ab-publ-301516763.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting of Medivir AB (publ),HUDDINGE  Sweden  April 4  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Medivir AB (publ)  reg. no. 556238-4361  with its registered office in Huddinge  Stockholm  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting on Thursday 5 May 2022 at 14.00 CEST at IVA Konfe…,"HUDDINGE  Sweden  April 4  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Medivir AB (publ)  reg. no. 556238-4361  with its registered office in Huddinge  Stockholm  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting on Thursday 5 May 2022 at 14.00 CEST at IVA Konferenscenter  Grev Turegatan 16  Stockholm  Sweden.Shareholders can participate in the annual shareholders' meeting by attending the venue in person or by voting in advance (postal voting).Right to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting and notice of participationParticipation in the annual shareholders' meeting at the venueA shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must (i) be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 27 April 2022  and (ii) no later than 29 April 2022 give notice by post to Medivir AB  ""Annual general meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  by telephone +46 (0)8 402 92 37 or by the company's webpage www.medivir.se. When providing such notice  the shareholder should set forth the name  address  telephone number (daytime)  personal/corporate identity number  the number of shares held and  when applicable  information about representatives and assistants.If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written  dated proxy for the representative must be issued  should the right to vote for the shares be divided among different representatives  the representatives  together with information on the number of shares each representative is entitled to vote for. A proxy form is available on the company's webpage  www.medivir.se. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. To facilitate the registration at the annual shareholders' meeting  the proxy and the certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be sent to the company as set out above so that it is received no later than 4 May 2022.Participation by advance votingA shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting by advance voting must(i) be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 27 April 2022  and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting no later than 29 April 2022  by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the advance vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on that day.A shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must give notice thereof in accordance with what is set out under Participation in the annual shareholders' meeting at the venue above. This means that a notification by advance vote is not sufficient for a person who wishes to participate at the venue.A special form shall be used when advance voting. The advance voting form is available on the company's webpage www.medivir.se. A completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than 29 April 2022. The form may be submitted via e-mail to [email protected] or by post to Medivir AB  ""Annual general meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders may also cast their advance votes electronically through BankID verification via Euroclear Sweden AB's webpage. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.If a shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a written and dated proxy shall be enclosed to the advance voting form. Proxy forms are available on the company's webpage www.medivir.se. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. If a shareholder has voted in advance and then attends the annual shareholders' meeting in person or through a proxy  the advance vote is still valid except to the extent the shareholder casts votes during the annual shareholders' meeting or otherwise withdraws its casted advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting during the annual shareholders' meeting  the submitted advance vote will be replaced by the vote cast at the annual shareholders' meeting.For questions regarding the annual general meeting or to have the advance voting form sent by post  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB on telephone +46 (0)8 402 92 37 (Monday-Friday  09.00-16.00 CEST).Nominee-registered sharesTo be entitled to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on 27 April 2022. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than 29 April 2022 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Shareholders' right to request informationShareholders are reminded of their right to request information in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen).Number of shares and votesAs of the date of this notice there are 55 735 651 class B shares in the company that entitle to one vote each. The company holds 11 413 own class B shares.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting. Election of chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of two persons who shall approve the minutes of the meeting. Approval of the agenda. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened. Reports from the managing director and the chairman of the board Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated annual accounts and the auditor's report for the group. Resolution on approval of the profit and loss account and balance sheet as well as the consolidated profit and loss account and consolidated balance sheet. Resolution on approval of allocations of the company's profits or losses according to the adopted balance sheet. Resolution on discharge from liability of the members of the board of directors and the managing director. Determination of the number of directors  deputy directors  auditors and deputy auditors. Determination of fees to be paid to the directors and the auditor. Election of the members of the board of directorsThe nomination committee's proposal:14.1 Uli Hacksell (re-election)14.2 Lennart Hansson (re-election)14.3 Bengt Westermark (re-election)14.4 Yilmaz Mahshid (re-election)14.5 Anette Lindqvist (new election) Election of the chairman of the boardThe nomination committee proposes that Uli Hacksell is re-elected as chairman of the board. Election of the auditor. Presentation of the board of directors' remuneration report for approval. The board of directors' proposal regarding authorization for the board to resolve on new share issues. The board of directors' proposal for resolution on the issue of warrants of series 2022:1. Closing of the meeting.Election of chairman of the meeting (item 2)The nomination committee  comprising Karl Tobieson (Linc AB  chairman)  Jan Särlvik (Nordea Fonder)  Anders Hallberg (HealthInvest Partners) and the chairman of the board of directors  Uli Hacksell  proposes Uli Hacksell  or the person appointed by the board of directors if he has an impediment to attend  to be appointed chairman of the meeting.Allocation of the company's balance (item 10)The board of directors proposes that the company's results shall be carried forward.Determination of the number of directors  deputy directors  auditors and deputy auditors (item 12)The nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of five members with no deputies. The company shall have one auditor without deputy auditors.Determination of fees to be paid to the directors and the auditor (item 13)The nomination committee proposes that the remuneration to the board of directors shall be paid in a total amount of not more than SEK 1 730 000 (1 675 000) annually allocated as follows. The chairman shall receive SEK 690 000 (675 000) and other board members not employed by the company shall receive SEK 260 000 (250 000) each.The remuneration to the auditor is proposed to be paid in accordance with approved invoices within the auditor's quotation.Election of the directors and election of chairman of the board (item 14 and 15)The proposals by the nomination committee are stated in the proposed agenda above. Further information on the proposed members of the board is available at www.medivir.com.Information about the proposed board memberAnette Lindqvist  born 1961. MSc in Business and Economics from the University of Gothenburg. Anette Lindqvist is CFO of XBrane Biopharma AB since January 2021. Anette has an extensive background in auditing with previous operational assignments at Astrazeneca  Getinge and Sobi  among others. She is also chairman of the board of Nanolyze AB. Anette is deemed independent in relation to both the company and its management  as well as in relation to the company's major shareholders.Election of the auditor (item 16)The nomination committee proposes re-election of the auditing company Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (PwC)  as the company's auditor for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting to be held 2023. Tobias Stråhle is proposed by PwC as auditor in charge if they are elected. The proposition is in accordance with the board of director's recommendation.The board of directors' proposal on a share issue authorization (item 18)The board proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize to the board  up and until the next annual general meeting  on one or several occasions and with or without pre-emptive rights for shareholders  to resolve on the issue of new shares of series B  comprising a total of not more than 20 per cent of the total number of outstanding shares in the company after the utilization of the authorization. It shall also be possible to make such an issue resolution stipulating in-kind payment  the right to offset debt or other conditions referred to in Chapter 13 Section 5 first paragraph item 6 in the Swedish Companies Act.The purpose of the authorization is to provide flexibility to the board in its work to ensure that the company can appropriately raise capital for the financing of the business. Issuances of new shares under the authorization shall be made on market terms.The board of directors' proposal for resolution on the issue of warrants of series 2022:1 (item 19)The board proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue warrants and to approve of transfer of the warrants in accordance with the following.Issue of warrantsThe board proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to carry out a directed issue of not more than 850 000 warrants  entailing an increase in the share capital of not more than SEK 425 000 at full subscription. The resolution shall otherwise be governed by the following terms and conditions.The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights  be vested in the company's wholly owned subsidiary Medivir Personal AB  Reg. no. 556598-2823 (the ""Subsidiary"")  with the right and obligation for the Subsidiary to transfer the warrants to employees pursuant to the below. Over-subscription is not possible.The reasons for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights are to stimulate shareholding in the company by virtue of an incentive program through which employees can take part of and contribute to a positive value increase of the company's share during the period of the proposed program  and that the company shall be able to retain and recruit competent and dedicated staff.The warrants shall be issued at no consideration. Subscription must be completed no later than three weeks after the resolution on issue of warrants. The board shall be entitled to extend the subscription period.Each warrant entitles a right to subscribe for one share of series B in the company. The warrants may be exercised to subscribe for new series B shares during the period from and including 1 December 2025 up to and including 15 December 2025. The new shares which may be issued due to subscription are not subject to any restrictive provisions.The subscription price (strike price) shall be established by the company  or by an independent appraiser or auditor firm retained by the company  and correspond to 175 per cent of the volume weighted average price of the series B share according the official share list of Nasdaq Stockholm during the ten trading days immediately preceding the offer to subscribe for warrants  however not less than the quota value of the shares. The amount of the subscription price exceeding the quota value of the shares shall be contributed to the free share premium reserve.Shares which are newly issued following subscription by virtue of the warrants shall carry an entitlement to participate in dividends for the first time on the next record date for dividends which occurs after subscription for shares by virtue of the utilization of the warrants is effected.The company may  by means of a board resolution and with the consent from the board of directors in the Subsidiary  cancel the Subsidiary's warrants that are not transferred in accordance with the below or that have been re-purchased from participants. Cancellation shall be registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.The board of directors  or a person appointed by the board of directors  is authorized to make such minor adjustments to the resolution which may prove necessary in order to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Approval of transfer of warrantsThe board proposes that the general meeting approves of the Subsidiary's transfer of warrants on the following conditions.The right to subscribe for share warrants from the Subsidiary shall vest in the following categories of employees:Category Maximum number of warrants per person Maximum number of warrants per category A. Managing director (not more than 1 person) 300 000 300 000 B. Other members of the executive management(not more than 4 persons) 100 000 400 000 C. Other employees (not more than 6 persons) 25 000 150 000The right to purchase warrants from the Subsidiary shall only vest in employees who  at the end of the application period  have not terminated their employment  have not had their employment terminated or otherwise have given notice  or been notified  of employment termination.Warrants may also be offered to future employees. For such acquisitions  the conditions shall be the same or equivalent to what is stated in this resolution. This means  inter alia  that acquisitions shall be made to the market value at the time of the acquisition.Transfer of warrants to participants is conditional upon it being legally possible to purchase the warrants  and that such transfers can be done using reasonable administrative and financial resources according to the assessment of the board.Application and allotmentApplication for acquisition of warrants shall be made during the period from and including 15 May 2022 up until and including 22 May 2022. The board of the company shall however be entitled to extend the application period for acquisitions and to set a corresponding application period for new employees whose acquisitions are made after the expiration of the initial application period.Medivir shall  in connection with the allocation of the warrants to the participants in the program  and with certain exceptions  reserve a repurchase right regarding the warrants if the participant's employment or assignment within the group is terminated or if the participant wishes to transfer his/her warrants prior to the warrants being exercisable.Should warrants of a certain category remain with the Subsidiary after all applications within the category have been satisfied  the remaining warrants shall be available for allotment to participants in that same or another category whereby the board shall determine the distribution based on participant category  employment category and the number of warrants applied for. However  such distribution must not result in the maximum amount of warrants per person in a certain category being exceeded by more than 50 per cent.The board of the company shall determine the final allotment and the date of the transfer of the warrants. The transfer of warrants may be made up until and including 31 December 2021.Price and payment etc.The warrants shall be transferred on market terms at a price (premium) established on the basis of a market value of the warrants calculated by an independent valuation institute using the Black & Scholes valuation model. A new market value shall be established in an equivalent way for acquisitions made by new employees after the expiration of the initial application period. The value has preliminary been calculated to be SEK 1.34 per warrant based on a share price of SEK 8.Payment for the allocated warrants shall be made in cash no later than five days following the application for acquisition. The board shall establish a corresponding date of payment for acquisitions made by new employees.Medivir will partly subsidize the participant's acquisition of warrants. The subsidy shall be paid in connection with the allocation of warrants to the participants. The total subsidy granted to the participant shall correspond to half of the participant's investment (after deduction of any income tax of the participant). The total cost for the subsidy  based on the above preliminary value of the warrants  is estimated at SEK 1 740 551 for the entire term of the warrant programme of three years  including any social security contributions.In order to be eligible for the subsidy  the participant must  at the time of the payment of the bonus  not have been dismissed (Sw. avskedad )  terminated his/her employment or given notice of employment termination  remain employed in the company for three years  or the subsidy will  with certain exceptions  be prorated  and must not have transferred his/her warrants.Further information on the warrant programDilutionUpon full exercise of all warrants  850 000 new shares can be issued  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 1.5 per cent of the total number of shares and votes in the company  however  subject to any potential adjustment which may occur under the terms and conditions for the warrants. Accordingly  the program offers the employees the possibility to increase their shareholding in the company to the corresponding figure.Impact of financial ratio and costs for the company etc.The company's earnings per share are not affected by the issue of the warrants as the present value of the warrants' strike price exceeds the current market value of the share at the date of issue. Since the warrants are transferred to the participants at market value it is not expected that the company will incur any personnel costs. The warrant program will incur costs in relation to the subsidy that the participants are entitled to. Such costs amount to a maximum of SEK 1 740 551 for the entire term of the warrant program of three years. The warrant program may also incur certain limited costs in terms of external consulting fees and costs relating to the administration of the warrant program.Preparation of the matterThe principles of the warrant program have been prepared by the board of the company and are based on the warrant programs adopted by the annual general meetings 2020 and 2021. The board has thereafter decided to submit this proposal to the annual general meeting. Except for the officials who prepared the matter pursuant to instructions from the board  no employee that may be included in the program has taken part in the drafting thereof.Other share related incentive programs etc.Except from the current proposal to issue warrants and the warrant programs resolved upon at the annual general meetings 2020 and 2021  the company has no outstanding share related incentive programs. It is the board's intention that the program shall recur annually  albeit in varying sizes.Authorization for the board of directorsThe board proposes that the meeting authorizes the board to execute the resolution in accordance with the above and to ensure that the Subsidiary's board of directors carries out the transfer of the warrants in accordance with the above.Majority requirementsA decision according to the proposal pursuant to item 18 above is valid only when supported by shareholders holding not less than two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the annual general meeting. A decision according to the proposal pursuant to item 19 above is valid only when supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the annual general meeting.DocumentationThe annual report  the remuneration report and other supporting documentation for resolutions will be available at the company's offices  Medivir AB  Lunastigen 5  SE-141 22 Huddinge  Sweden no later than three weeks prior to the meeting. In addition  the motivated statement from the nomination committee will be available at the company's address stated above no later than four weeks prior to the annual general meeting. The above documents will be sent to all shareholders who so request and provide their postal address and will also be available on the company's website www.medivir.se. This notice is a translation of a Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the both language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Processing of personal dataFor information about the processing of your personal data  see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear Sweden AB's website www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. Medivir's AB (publ) corporate registration number is 556238-4361 and its registered office is in Huddinge  Sweden.Huddinge  April 2022Medivir AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/medivir/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-medivir-ab--publ- c3539447The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/652/3539447/1559186.pdf Press release (PDF)SOURCE Medivir",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,negative,0.01,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Medivir AB', 'Notice', 'Annual General Meeting', ""annual shareholders' meeting"", 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'casted advance vote', 'advance voting form', 'Medivir AB', 'postal voting', 'IVA Konferenscenter', 'Grev Turegatan', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'BankID verification', 'special form', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Thursday 5 May', 'equivalent certificate', 'advance votes', 'different representatives', 'Proxy forms', 'Such registration', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'telephone number', 'medivir.se', 'dated proxy', '4 May', 'HUDDINGE', 'April', 'publ', 'office', 'Stockholm', '14.00 CEST', 'venue', 'Right', 'notice', 'participation', 'circumstances', 'Box', 'company', 'webpage', 'name', 'address', 'daytime', 'information', 'assistants', 'authority', 'intention', 'accordance', 'notification', 'mail', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'incorporation', 'extent', 'questions', 'Monday', 'Friday', 'addition', '101', '8']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,prnewswire.com
2186,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/MEDIVIR-AB-PUBL-6491112/news/Medivir-Notice-of-AGM-2022-39959869/,Medivir : Notice of AGM 2022,1 day ago,"Medivir : Notice of AGM 2022 04/04/2022 | 09:57am EDT Send by mail :Name : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields Notice of Annual General Meeting of Medivir AB (publ) The shareholders of Medivir AB (publ)  reg. no. 556238-4361  with its registered office in Huddinge  Stockholm  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting on Thursday 5 May 2022 at 14.00 CEST at IVA Konferenscenter  Grev Turegatan 16  Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders can participate in the annual shareholders' meeting by attending the venue in person or by voting in advance (postal voting). Right to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting and notice of participation Participation in the annual shareholders' meeting at the venue A shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must (i) be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 27 April 2022  and (ii) no later than 29 April 2022 give notice by post to Medivir AB  ""Annual general meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  by telephone +46 (0)8 402 92 37 or by the company's webpage www.medivir.se.When providing such notice  the shareholder should set forth the name  address  telephone number (daytime)  personal/corporate identity number  the number of shares held and  when applicable  information about representatives and assistants. If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written  dated proxy for the representative must be issued  should the right to vote for the shares be divided among different representatives  the representatives  together with information on the number of shares each representative is entitled to vote for. A proxy form is available on the company's webpage www.medivir.se. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. To facilitate the registration at the annual shareholders' meeting  the proxy and the certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be sent to the company as set out above so that it is received no later than 4 May 2022. Participation by advance voting A shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting by advance voting must (i) be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 27 April 2022  and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting no later than 29 April 2022  by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the advance vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on that day. A shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must give notice thereof in accordance with what is set out under Participation in the annual shareholders' meeting at the venue above. This means that a notification by advance vote is not sufficient for a person who wishes to participate at the venue. A special form shall be used when advance voting. The advance voting form is available on the company's webpagewww.medivir.se. A completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than 29 April 2022. The form may be submitted via e-mail toGeneralMeetingService@euroclear.comor by post to Medivir AB  ""Annual general meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders may also cast their advance votes electronically through BankID verification via Euroclear Sweden AB's webpage. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting. If a shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a written and dated proxy shall be enclosed to the advance voting form. Proxy forms are available on the company's webpagewww.medivir.se. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. If a shareholder has voted in advance and then attends the annual shareholders' meeting in person or through a proxy  the advance vote is still valid except to the extent the shareholder casts votes during the annual shareholders' meeting or otherwise withdraws its casted advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting during the annual shareholders' meeting  the submitted advance vote will be replaced by the vote cast at the annual shareholders' meeting. For questions regarding the annual general meeting or to have the advance voting form sent by post  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB on telephone +46 (0)8 402 92 37 (Monday-Friday  09.00-16.00 CEST). Nominee-registered shares To be entitled to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on 27 April 2022. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than 29 April 2022 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders. Shareholders' right to request information Shareholders are reminded of their right to request information in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen). Number of shares and votes As of the date of this notice there are 55 735 651 class B shares in the company that entitle to one vote each. The company holds 11 413 own class B shares. Proposed agenda 1. Opening of the meeting.2. Election of chairman of the meeting.3. Preparation and approval of the voting list.4. Election of two persons who shall approve the minutes of the meeting.5. Approval of the agenda.6. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened.7. Reports from the managing director and the chairman of the board8. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated annual accounts and the auditor's report for the group.9. Resolution on approval of the profit and loss account and balance sheet as well as the consolidated profit and loss account and consolidated balance sheet. 10. Resolution on approval of allocations of the company's profits or losses according to the adopted balance sheet.11. Resolution on discharge from liability of the members of the board of directors and the managing director.12. Determination of the number of directors  deputy directors  auditors and deputy auditors.13. Determination of fees to be paid to the directors and the auditor.14. Election of the members of the board of directors The nomination committee's proposal: 14.1 Uli Hacksell (re-election) 14.2 Lennart Hansson (re-election) 14.3 Bengt Westermark (re-election) 14.4 Yilmaz Mahshid (re-election) 14.5 Anette Lindqvist (new election)15. Election of the chairman of the board The nomination committee proposes that Uli Hacksell is re-elected as chairman of the board.16. Election of the auditor.17. Presentation of the board of directors' remuneration report for approval.18. The board of directors' proposal regarding authorization for the board to resolve on new share issues.19. The board of directors' proposal for resolution on the issue of warrants of series 2022:1.20. Closing of the meeting. Election of chairman of the meeting (item 2) The nomination committee  comprising Karl Tobieson (Linc AB  chairman)  Jan Särlvik (Nordea Fonder)  Anders Hallberg (HealthInvest Partners) and the chairman of the board of directors  Uli Hacksell  proposes Uli Hacksell  or the person appointed by the board of directors if he has an impediment to attend  to be appointed chairman of the meeting. Allocation of the company's balance (item 10) The board of directors proposes that the company's results shall be carried forward. Determination of the number of directors  deputy directors  auditors and deputy auditors (item 12) The nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of five members with no deputies. The company shall have one auditor without deputy auditors. Determination of fees to be paid to the directors and the auditor (item 13) The nomination committee proposes that the remuneration to the board of directors shall be paid in a total amount of not more than SEK 1 730 000 (1 675 000) annually allocated as follows. The chairman shall receive SEK 690 000 (675 000) and other board members not employed by the company shall receive SEK 260 000 (250 000) each. The remuneration to the auditor is proposed to be paid in accordance with approved invoices within the auditor's quotation. Election of the directors and election of chairman of the board (item 14 and 15) The proposals by the nomination committee are stated in the proposed agenda above. Further information on the proposed members of the board is available at www.medivir.com. Information about the proposed board member Anette Lindqvist  born 1961. MSc in Business and Economics from the University of Gothenburg. Anette Lindqvist is CFO of XBrane Biopharma AB since January 2021. Anette has an extensive background in auditing with previous operational assignments at Astrazeneca  Getinge and Sobi  among others. She is also chairman of the board of Nanolyze AB. Anette is deemed independent in relation to both the company and its management  as well as in relation to the company's major shareholders. Election of the auditor (item 16) The nomination committee proposes re-election of the auditing company Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (PwC)  as the company's auditor for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting to be held 2023. Tobias Stråhle is proposed by PwC as auditor in charge if they are elected. The proposition is in accordance with the board of director's recommendation. The board of directors' proposal on a share issue authorization (item 18) The board proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize to the board  up and until the next annual general meeting  on one or several occasions and with or without pre-emptive rights for shareholders  to resolve on the issue of new shares of series B  comprising a total of not more than 20 per cent of the total number of outstanding shares in the company after the utilization of the authorization. It shall also be possible to make such an issue resolution stipulating in-kind payment  the right to offset debt or other conditions referred to in Chapter 13 Section 5 first paragraph item 6 in the Swedish Companies Act. The purpose of the authorization is to provide flexibility to the board in its work to ensure that the company can appropriately raise capital for the financing of the business. Issuances of new shares under the authorization shall be made on market terms. The board of directors' proposal for resolution on the issue of warrants of series 2022:1 (item 19) The board proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue warrants and to approve of transfer of the warrants in accordance with the following. Issue of warrants The board proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to carry out a directed issue of not more than 850 000 warrants  entailing an increase in the share capital of not more than SEK 425 000 at full subscription. The resolution shall otherwise be governed by the following terms and conditions. The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights  be vested in the company's wholly owned subsidiary Medivir Personal AB  Reg. no. 556598-2823 (the ""Subsidiary"")  with the right and obligation for the Subsidiary to transfer the warrants to employees pursuant to the below. Over-subscription is not possible. The reasons for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights are to stimulate shareholding in the company by virtue of an incentive program through which employees can take part of and contributeto a positive value increase of the company's share during the period of the proposed program  and that the company shall be able to retain and recruit competent and dedicated staff. The warrants shall be issued at no consideration. Subscription must be completed no later than three weeks after the resolution on issue of warrants. The board shall be entitled to extend the subscription period. Each warrant entitles a right to subscribe for one share of series B in the company. The warrants may be exercised to subscribe for new series B shares during the period from and including 1 December 2025 up to and including 15 December 2025. The new shares which may be issued due to subscription are not subject to any restrictive provisions. The subscription price (strike price) shall be established by the company  or by an independent appraiser or auditor firm retained by the company  and correspond to 175 per cent of the volume weighted average price of the series B share according the official share list of Nasdaq Stockholm during the ten trading days immediately preceding the offer to subscribe for warrants  however not less than the quota value of the shares. The amount of the subscription price exceeding the quota value of the shares shall be contributed to the free share premium reserve. Shares which are newly issued following subscription by virtue of the warrants shall carry an entitlement to participate in dividends for the first time on the next record date for dividends which occurs after subscription for shares by virtue of the utilization of the warrants is effected. The company may  by means of a board resolution and with the consent from the board of directors in the Subsidiary  cancel the Subsidiary's warrants that are not transferred in accordance with the below or that have been re-purchased from participants. Cancellation shall be registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. The board of directors  or a person appointed by the board of directors  is authorized to make such minor adjustments to the resolution which may prove necessary in order to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office. Approval of transfer of warrants The board proposes that the general meeting approves of the Subsidiary's transfer of warrants on the following conditions. The right to subscribe for share warrants from the Subsidiary shall vest in the following categories of employees: Category Maximum number of warrants per person Maximum number of warrants per category A. Managing director (not more than 1 person) 300 000 300 000 B. Other members of the executive management (not more than 4 persons) 100 000 400 000 C. Other employees (not more than 6 persons) 25 000 150 000 This is an excerpt of the original content. To continue reading it  access the original document here. Attachments Original LinkOriginal DocumentPermalink Disclaimer Medivir AB published this content on 04 April 2022 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public  unedited and unaltered  on 04 April 2022 13:56:08 UTC.© Publicnow 2022 All news about MEDIVIR AB (PUBL) 07:48a MEDIVIR : Annual Report 2021.pdf PU 07:31a Medivir 2021 Annual Report published AQ 04/04 MEDIVIR : Proxy Form PU 04/04 MEDIVIR : Form for advance voting PU 04/04 MEDIVIR : Notice of AGM 2022 PU 04/04 Notice of Annual General Meeting of Medivir AB (publ) AQ 03/07 Medivir - Liver Project Getting Ready to Deliver AQ 02/28 A subgroup analysis of Medivir's phase II study of MIV-711 for osteoarthritis shows sta.. AQ 02/28 Medivir AB Announces Phase II Study of Miv-711 for Osteoarthritis Shows Statistically S.. CI 02/22 Medivir to present at the Erik Penser Bank Health Care Day AQ",neutral,0.02,0.95,0.04,negative,0.01,0.09,0.91,True,English,"['Medivir', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'multiple email addresses', 'Annual General Meeting', ""annual shareholders' meeting"", 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'casted advance vote', 'advance voting form', 'Medivir AB', 'postal voting', 'registered office', 'IVA Konferenscenter', 'Grev Turegatan', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'BankID verification', 'special form', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'medivir.se', 'equivalent certificate', 'advance votes', 'different representatives', 'Proxy forms', 'First name', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'telephone number', 'dated proxy', 'Notice', 'AGM', 'commas', 'Message', 'fields', 'publ', 'Huddinge', 'Stockholm', 'Thursday', '5 May', '14.00 CEST', 'venue', 'Right', 'participation', 'circumstances', '27 April', '29 April', 'Box', 'company', 'webpage', 'daytime', 'information', 'assistants', 'registration', 'authority', '4 May', 'intention', 'accordance', 'notification', 'toGeneralMeetingService', 'comor', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'incorporation', 'extent', 'questions', 'Monday', 'Friday', 'addition', '101', '8']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,marketscreener.com
2187,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.digitaljournal.com/pr/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-2022,Notice of Annual General Meeting 2022,1 day ago,LONDON  UK / ACCESSWIRE / April 4  2022 / Physitrack (STO:PTRK)This Notice of Annual General Meeting is an important document and requires your immediate attention. If you are in any doubt as to what action to take  you should consult your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant and/or other appropriate independent professional adviser without delay.If you sell or have sold or otherwise transferred all of your shares in Physitrack PLC  please send this notice  together with the accompanying documents  immediately to the purchaser or transferee or to the person who arranged the sale or transfer  so they can pass these documents to the person who now holds the shares.Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting (the ‘Meeting’) of Physitrack PLC will be held at the offices of Baker & McKenzie  100 New Bridge Street  London EC4V 6JA  United Kingdom on 3 May 2022 at 11.00 a.m. BST for the following purposes:To consider and  if thought fit  pass the following resolutions of which resolutions 1 to 8 will be proposed as Ordinary Resolutions and resolutions 9 to 10 will be proposed as Special Resolutions.Ordinary Resolutions1. To receive and adopt the Company’s Annual Report and Accounts for the period ended 31 December 2021  together with the reports of the Directors and Auditor.2. To re-elect Elaine Sullivan as a Director of the Company.3. To re-elect Per Henrik Molin as a Director of the Company.4. To re-elect Arup Paul as a Director of the Company.5. To re-elect Jasper Zwartendijk as a Director of the Company.6. To re-appoint Mazars LLP as Auditor to the Company to hold office until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting.7. To authorise the Directors to fix the remuneration of the Auditor until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting.8. That the Directors be generally and unconditionally authorised for the purposes of section 551 of the Companies Act 2005  in substitution for all existing authorities  to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot ordinary shares of £0.001 each in the capital of the Company (“Ordinary Shares”)  and to grant rights to subscribe for  or to convert any security into Ordinary Shares for any purpose  up to a maximum aggregate nominal amount of £3 252.15 (being 20% of the Company’s issued Ordinary Share capital) such authority to apply until the end of next year’s annual general meeting (or  if earlier  until the close of business on 31 May 2023) but  in each case  during this period the Company may make offers and enter into agreements which would  or might  require Ordinary Shares to be allotted or rights to subscribe for or convert securities into Ordinary Shares to be granted after the authority ends and the Board may allot Ordinary Shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert securities into Ordinary Shares under any such offer or agreement as if the authority had not ended.Special Resolutions9. That  subject to the passing of Resolution 8  the Directors be empowered pursuant to section 570 Companies Act 2006 to allot equity securities (within the meaning of section 560(1) Companies Act 2006) of the Company for cash pursuant to the authority conferred by Resolution 8 as if section 561 Companies Act 2006 did not apply to the allotment  such power to expire at the end of next year’s annual general meeting (or  if earlier  until the close of business on 31 May 2023) unless renewed  varied or revoked by the Company prior to such a date.10. That the Company be and is hereby generally and unconditionally authorised in accordance with section 701 of the Act to make market purchases (within the meaning of section 693 of the Act) of its Ordinary Shares  provided that:a) the maximum number of Ordinary Shares authorised to be purchased shall be 1 626 077 (representing 10% of the Company’s issued Ordinary Share capital at the date of this notice of Annual General Meeting);b) the minimum price (exclusive of any expenses) which may be paid for an Ordinary Share is £0.001;c) the maximum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for each Ordinary Share must not be more than the higher of (i) an amount equal to five per cent.  above the market value of an Ordinary Share for the five business days immediately preceding the day on which that share is contracted to be purchased; and (ii) an amount equal to the higher of the price of the last independent trade and the highest current independent bid on the trading venue where the purchase is carried out  in each case exclusive of expenses;d) the authority hereby conferred shall expire at the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held after the date of the passing of this resolution or  if earlier  on the expiry of 15 months from the passing of this resolution  unless such authority is renewed to such time; ande) the Company may make a contract to purchase Ordinary Shares under the authority  which will or may be executed wholly or partly after the expiration of such authority and may make a purchase of Ordinary Shares pursuant to any such contract.Swedish shareholders on the Euroclear Sweden sub-register who do not hold their shares in CREST can attend the meeting virtually and exercise their voting rights through advance voting online. Please see section 11 of the Notes to the Notice of Annual General Meeting.By order of the BoardThrogmorton Secretaries LLPCompany Secretary4 April 2022Registered Office:6th FloorBastion House140 London WallLondon EC2Y 5DNExplanatory Notes on the resolutionsAn explanation of each of the resolutions is set out below.Resolution 1 – To receive and adopt the Annual Report and AccountsThe Directors are required to present the financial statements  Directors’ Report and Auditor’s Report to the meeting. These are contained in the Company’s Annual Report and Financial Statements for the period ended 31 December 2021 (the “Annual Report”). A resolution to receive and adopt the financial statements  together with the Directors’ Report and the Auditor’s Report on those accounts  is included as an ordinary resolution.Resolutions 2-5 – Re-election of DirectorsIn accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code  all of the Directors will retire and offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming AGM.The Company has three non-executive directors  all of whom are determined by the Board to be independent directors in accordance with the criteria set out in the UK Corporate Governance Code. The Board considers that their skills  experience  independence and knowledge of the Company enable them to discharge their respective duties and responsibilities effectivelyEach of the Board members’ biographical details are set out on the Company’s website at https://www.physitrackgroup.com/governance/board-directors.Resolutions 6 and 7 – Appointment and Remuneration of AuditorAt each meeting at which the Company’s financial statements are presented to its members  the Company is required to appoint an auditor to serve until the next such meeting. As part of its review of the continuing appointment of the auditors  the Board considers the length of tenure of the audit firm  its fees and independence along with any matters raised during each audit. Mazars LLP are the appointed auditors of the Company. Following a tender process in 2020 Mazars performed an audit on the 2018  2019 and 2020 figures for the purpose of the IPO prospective. The audit of the period ended 21 December 2021 was the first audit by Mazars since Physitrack PLC became a public company. The Board recommends the re-appointment of Mazars LLP and this will be proposed to the AGM as Resolution 6. Resolution 7 authorises the Directors to determine the remuneration of Mazars LLP as Auditor.Resolution 8 – Authority to allot Ordinary SharesThe Directors may only allot shares or grant rights to subscribe for  or convert any security into  shares if authorised to do so by shareholders. Resolution 8 will  if passed  authorise the Directors to allot the Company’s Ordinary Shares or grant rights to subscribe for  or convert any security into  Ordinary Shares in the Company up to a maximum nominal amount of £3 252.15 representing 3 252 153 Ordinary Shares and is equivalent to approximately 20 per cent. of the Company’s existing issued Ordinary Share capital as at 3 April 2022 (being the latest practicable date prior to publication of the Notice).Resolution 9 – Authority to dis-apply pre-emption rightsResolution 9 is a special resolution which is being proposed to authorise the Directors to disapply the pre-emption rights of existing Shareholders in relation to issues of Ordinary Shares under Resolution 8 (being in respect of ordinary shares up to an aggregate nominal value of £3 252.15  representing up to approximately 20 per cent. of the Company’s issued ordinary share capital as at the date of the Notice)  provided that in the case of any Ordinary Shares allotted the issue price is no lower than the nominal value per Ordinary Share.Resolution 10 – Share RepurchasesResolution 10 is also a special resolution. The Companies Act 2006 allows companies to hold shares acquired by way of market purchase as treasury shares  rather than having to cancel them. This would give the Company the ability to re-issue Ordinary Shares quickly and cost effectively thereby improving liquidity and providing the Company with additional flexibility in the management of its capital base.No Ordinary Shares will be sold from treasury at a price less than the net asset value per existing ordinary share at the time of their sale unless they are first offered pro rata to existing Shareholders.The Company may seek to address any significant discount to net asset value at which its Ordinary Shares may be trading by purchasing its own Ordinary Shares in the market on an ad hoc basis.The Directors currently have the authority to make market purchases of up to 10 per cent. of the Ordinary Shares in issue and are seeking to renew this authority to issue up to 10% of the Company’s issued share capital  which equates to 1 626 077 at the date of this notice. The maximum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for an ordinary share must not be more than the higher of:(i) 105% of the average of the mid-market values of the Ordinary Shares for the five business days before the purchase is made; or(ii) the price stipulated by the regulatory technical standards adopted by the UK pursuant to the Market Abuse Regulation  being the form of the EU Market Abuse Regulation as incorporated into the law of England and Wales.Ordinary Shares will only be repurchased at prices below the prevailing net asset value per ordinary share  which should have the effect of increasing the net asset value per ordinary share for the remaining Shareholders. The minimum price which may be paid shall be their respective nominal values.It is intended that a renewal of the authority to make market purchases will be sought from Shareholders at each AGM of the Company. Purchases of Ordinary Shares will be made within guidelines established from time to time by the Board. Any purchase of Ordinary Shares would be made only out of the available uncommitted cash resources of the Group.Ordinary Shares repurchased by the Company may be held in treasury or cancelled.Investors should note that the repurchase of Ordinary Shares is entirely at the discretion of the Board and no expectation or reliance should be placed on such discretion being exercised on any one or more occasions or as to the proportion of Ordinary Shares that may be repurchased.Settlement of ordinary share transactions in the Company are settled by the CREST share settlement system.The results of the voting on all resolutions will be published on the Company’s website as soon as practicable following the conclusion of the AGM.Notes to the Notice of Annual General Meeting1. COVID-19 MeasuresThe COVID-19 situation is constantly evolving  and the UK Government may change the current restrictions or implement further measures during the affected period. Shareholders should monitor the Company’s website at www.physitrackgroup.com for any updates regarding the Annual General Meeting.2. Voting record dateOnly members registered in the Register of Members of the Company at close of business BST on 28 April 2022 shall be entitled to vote at the Annual General Meeting in respect of the number of voting rights registered in their name at that time. Changes to entries on the Register of Members after close of business BST on 28 April 2022 shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting.If the Annual General Meeting is adjourned for no more than 48 hours after the original time  the same voting record date will also apply for the purpose of determining the entitlement of members to attend  speak and vote (subject to UK Government restrictions) at the adjourned meeting. If the Annual General Meeting is adjourned for more than 48 hours  then the voting record date will be the close of business on the day which is two days (excluding non-working days) before the day of the adjourned meeting or  if the Company gives notice of the adjourned meeting  at any time specified in that notice.In the case of joint holders of a voting right  the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote  whether in person or by proxy  shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders and  for this purpose  seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names stand in the Register of Members in respect of the joint holding.3. Rights to attend and voteSubject to UK Government restrictions  members are entitled to attend and vote at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting or at any adjournment(s) thereof. On a poll each member has one vote for every one share held.Swedish shareholders listed the Euroclear sub-register can attend the Annual General Meeting virtually and can exercise their voting rights through advance voting online  April 27th at the latest. Please see sections 11 – 13 of the Notes below for further details. The meeting notice in its entirety is available on the company’s website: physitrackgroup.com4. Right to appoint proxiesPursuant to Section 324 of the Companies Act 2006 (the “Act”)  a member entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting may appoint more than one proxy (subject to UK Government restrictions)  provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to different shares held by him. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.The appointment of a proxy will not preclude a shareholder from attending and voting in person at the Annual General Meeting (subject to UK Government restrictions) or at any adjournment thereof.5. Proxies’ rights to vote at the Annual General MeetingOn a vote on a show of hands  each proxy has one vote.If a proxy is appointed by more than one member and all such members have instructed the proxy to vote in the same way  the proxy will only be entitled  on a show of hands  to vote “for” or “against” as applicable. If a proxy is appointed by more than one member  but such members have given different voting instructions  the proxy may  on a show of hands  vote both “for” and “against” in order to reflect the different voting instructions.On a poll  all or any of the voting rights of the member may be exercised by one or more duly appointed proxies. However  where a member appoints more than one proxy  Section 285(4) of the Act does not authorise the exercise by the proxies taken together of more extensive voting rights than could be exercised by the member in person.6. Appointment  receipt and termination of proxiesTo appoint a proxy  you may:(a) register your appointment on the Signal Shares portal at www.signalshares.com;(b) request a paper form of proxy from the Company’s registrar using the details below; or(c) in the case of CREST members  appoint a proxy via CREST (see note 7 below).By registering on the Signal Shares portal at www.signalshares.com  you can manage your shareholding  including: (i) casting your vote; (ii) changing your dividend payment instruction; (iii) updating your address; and (iv) selecting your communication preference.To be effective  the proxy vote must be submitted at www.signalshares.com so as to have been received by the Company’s registrars not less than 48 hours (excluding weekends and public holidays) before the time appointed for the meeting or any adjournment of it.Any power of attorney or other authority under which the proxy is submitted must be returned to the Company’s Registrars  Link Group PXS1  10th Floor  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds LS1 4DL.If a paper form of proxy is requested from the Company’s registrar  it should be completed and returned to Link Group PXS1  10th Floor  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds LS1 4DL to be received not less than 48 hours (excluding weekends and public holidays) before the time appointed for the meeting or any adjournment of it.If you need help with voting online  or require a paper form of proxy  please contact the Company’s registrar  Link Group  by email at [email protected] or by telephone on 0871 664 0391 (if calling from the UK) or on +44 (0) 371 664 0391 (if calling from outside of the UK). Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open between 09:00 – 17:30  Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales.In accordance with the Company’s Articles of Association  in determining the time for delivery of proxies  no account shall be taken of any part of a day that is not a working day.A member may terminate a proxy’s authority at any time before the commencement of the Annual General Meeting. Termination must be provided in writing and submitted to Link Group.7. Changing Proxy InstructionsTo change your proxy instructions simply submit a new proxy appointment using the methods set out above. Note that the cut-off times for receipt of proxy appointments (see above) also apply in relation to amended instructions; any amended proxy appointment received after the relevant cut-off time will be disregarded. Where you have appointed a proxy using the hard-copy proxy form and would like to change the instructions using another hard-copy proxy form  please contact Link Group as per the communication methods shown above. If you submit more than one valid proxy appointment  the appointment received last before the latest time for the receipt of proxies will take precedence.8. Appointment of Proxies Through CrestCREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the Meeting and any adjournment(s) of it by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual (available from https://www.euroclear.com/site/public/EUI). CREST Personal Members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. In order for a proxy appointment made by means of CREST to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a CREST Proxy Instruction) must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & International Limited’s (EUI) specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message must be transmitted so as to be received by the issuer’s agent (ID: RA10) by the voting deadline of 48 hours (excluding non-working days) before the time of the meeting. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the issuer’s agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST.CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers should note that EUI does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time.In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5) (a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001.9. Appointment of Proxies Through ProxymityIf you are an institutional investor you may be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform  a process which has been agreed by the Company and approved by the Registrar. For further information regarding Proxymity  please go to www.proxymity.io. Your proxy must be lodged 28 April 2022 at 11.00 a.m. BST in order to be considered valid or  if the meeting is adjourned  by the time which is 48 hours before the time of the adjourned meeting. Before you can appoint a proxy via this process you will need to have agreed to Proxymity’s associated terms and conditions. It is important that you read these carefully as you will be bound by them and they will govern the electronic appointment of your proxy.10. Corporate RepresentativesA corporation which is a member can appoint one or more corporate representatives who may exercise  on its behalf  all its powers as a member provided that no more than one corporate representative exercises powers over the same share.Members may not use any electronic address provided either in the notice of Annual General Meeting or any related documents to communicate with the Company for any purpose other than those expressly stated.If your shares are held within a nominee and you wish to attend the meeting  you will need to contact your nominee as soon as possible. Your nominee will need to present a corporate letter of representation to Link Group  our registrar  as soon as possible and at least 72 hours (excluding non-business days) before the meeting.11. Swedish shareholders listed on Euroclear Sweden sub-registerSwedish shareholders on the Euroclear Sweden sub-register who do not hold their shares in CREST can attend the meeting virtually and can exercise their voting rights through advance voting online  April 27th at the latest.Please pre-register your intention to join the meeting by contacting Euroclear Sweden by email at [email protected]. You will be provided with a link for virtual attendance once you have pre-registered.You can vote online in advance by visiting the Euroclear Sweden web page at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy?sprak=1. You can also send a form by ordinary post or e-mail to:Physitrack PLCAGMc/o Euroclear Sweden ABBox 191101 23 Stockholm[email protected]The meeting notice in its entirety is available on the company’s website: physitrackgroup.com.Shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee  in addition to giving notice of participation in the meeting  must register their shares in their own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date  April 25  2022. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called “voting rights registration”) in order to cast a postal vote and the request for such registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee’s routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been completed by the nominee no later than April 27  2022  will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register by Euroclear Sweden.12. How to join the virtual meetingPlease pre-register your intention to join the Annual General Meeting virtually by contacting Euroclear Sweden by email at [email protected]. You will be provided with a link for virtual attendance once you have pre-registered your interest.13. Questions at the MeetingShareholders  including Swedish shareholders listed on the Euroclear Sweden sub-register  and particularly if relevant UK Government restrictions come into force as at the date of the Annual General Meeting  are invited to pre-submit any questions they would otherwise have asked at the AGM via email to [email protected] Such questions will be considered by the Board. If any relevant questions are received  the Company will respond to those questions directly and may also  if the Board so determines  and subject to any confidentiality or regulatory restrictions  publish on the Company’s website a summary of responses to questions received.14. Total voting rights at date of Notice of Annual General MeetingAs at 3 April 2022 (being the last practicable date prior to the publication of this Notice of Annual General Meeting) the total number of Ordinary Shares in the Company in issue was 16 260 765. The total number of voting rights on that date was therefore 16 260 765.***For further information  please contact:Adam Nilsson  Investor relations: [email protected]. +46 (0) 70 746 44 21About PhysitrackPhysitrack  founded in 2012  is a global digital healthcare provider  mainly focused on the B2B physiotherapy and musculoskeletal care market. With staff on four continents  customers in 17 time zones  and patients in 187 countries  we are a truly global company.The company has two business lines:1. Software-as-a-Service (SaaS)-based software platform tailored to physiotherapy and musculoskeletal care  encompassing clinical home exercises  education prescription  outcomes tracking  triaging and Telehealth.2. Virtual care powered by the Physitrack technology platform where we have in-house physiotherapists and corporate wellness practitioners in the UK  the Nordics and Germany.Physitrack is headquartered in London  United Kingdom  and listed on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market (PTRK). www.physitrackgroup.comFNCA Sweden AB is the appointed Certified Adviser of Physitrack.[email protected]  +46 8 528 00 399AttachmentsNotice of Annual General Meeting 2022SOURCE: PhysitrackView source version on accesswire.com:https://www.accesswire.com/695819/Notice-of-Annual-General-Meeting-2022,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.04,positive,0.53,0.38,0.09,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'other appropriate independent professional adviser', 'highest current independent bid', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'maximum aggregate nominal amount', 'last independent trade', '100 New Bridge Street', 'Per Henrik Molin', 'five per cent', 'London EC4V 6JA', 'five business days', 'section 570 Companies Act', 'section 560(1) Companies Act', 'section 561 Companies Act', 'Ordinary Share capital', 'Annual Report', 'next year', 'maximum number', 'maximum price', 'important document', 'immediate attention', 'bank manager', 'United Kingdom', 'Elaine Sullivan', 'Arup Paul', 'Jasper Zwartendijk', 'Mazars LLP', 'existing authorities', 'market purchases', 'market value', 'trading venue', 'ordinary shares', 'Ordinary Resolutions', 'following resolutions', 'Special Resolutions', 'Physitrack PLC', 'minimum price', 'accompanying documents', 'following purposes', 'equity securities', 'UK', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'PTRK', 'Notice', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'delay', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'person', 'sale', 'offices', 'Baker', 'McKenzie', '3 May', 'Accounts', 'period', 'reports', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'conclusion', 'remuneration', 'substitution', 'powers', 'rights', 'security', 'authority', 'close', '31 May', 'case', 'offers', 'agreements', 'Board', 'passing', 'meaning', 'cash', 'allotment', 'date', 'accordance', 'expenses', 'exclusive', 'expiry', '15 months', 'time', 'contract', 'expiration', '11.00']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,digitaljournal.com
2191,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.benzinga.com/pressreleases/22/04/ac26442201/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-2022,Notice of Annual General Meeting 2022,1 day ago,"LONDON  UK / ACCESSWIRE / April 4  2022 / Physitrack PTRKThis Notice of Annual General Meeting is an important document and requires your immediate attention. If you are in any doubt as to what action to take  you should consult your stockbroker  bank manager  solicitor  accountant and/or other appropriate independent professional adviser without delay.If you sell or have sold or otherwise transferred all of your shares in Physitrack PLC  please send this notice  together with the accompanying documents  immediately to the purchaser or transferee or to the person who arranged the sale or transfer  so they can pass these documents to the person who now holds the shares.Notice is hereby given that the Annual General Meeting (the ‘Meeting') of Physitrack PLC will be held at the offices of Baker & McKenzie  100 New Bridge Street  London EC4V 6JA  United Kingdom on 3 May 2022 at 11.00 a.m. BST for the following purposes:To consider and  if thought fit  pass the following resolutions of which resolutions 1 to 8 will be proposed as Ordinary Resolutions and resolutions 9 to 10 will be proposed as Special Resolutions.Ordinary Resolutions1. To receive and adopt the Company's Annual Report and Accounts for the period ended 31 December 2021  together with the reports of the Directors and Auditor.2. To re-elect Elaine Sullivan as a Director of the Company.3. To re-elect Per Henrik Molin as a Director of the Company.4. To re-elect Arup Paul as a Director of the Company.5. To re-elect Jasper Zwartendijk as a Director of the Company.6. To re-appoint Mazars LLP as Auditor to the Company to hold office until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting.7. To authorise the Directors to fix the remuneration of the Auditor until the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting.8. That the Directors be generally and unconditionally authorised for the purposes of section 551 of the Companies Act 2005  in substitution for all existing authorities  to exercise all the powers of the Company to allot ordinary shares of £0.001 each in the capital of the Company (""Ordinary Shares"")  and to grant rights to subscribe for  or to convert any security into Ordinary Shares for any purpose  up to a maximum aggregate nominal amount of £3 252.15 (being 20% of the Company's issued Ordinary Share capital) such authority to apply until the end of next year's annual general meeting (or  if earlier  until the close of business on 31 May 2023) but  in each case  during this period the Company may make offers and enter into agreements which would  or might  require Ordinary Shares to be allotted or rights to subscribe for or convert securities into Ordinary Shares to be granted after the authority ends and the Board may allot Ordinary Shares or grant rights to subscribe for or convert securities into Ordinary Shares under any such offer or agreement as if the authority had not ended.Special Resolutions9. That  subject to the passing of Resolution 8  the Directors be empowered pursuant to section 570 Companies Act 2006 to allot equity securities (within the meaning of section 560(1) Companies Act 2006) of the Company for cash pursuant to the authority conferred by Resolution 8 as if section 561 Companies Act 2006 did not apply to the allotment  such power to expire at the end of next year's annual general meeting (or  if earlier  until the close of business on 31 May 2023) unless renewed  varied or revoked by the Company prior to such a date.10. That the Company be and is hereby generally and unconditionally authorised in accordance with section 701 of the Act to make market purchases (within the meaning of section 693 of the Act) of its Ordinary Shares  provided that:a) the maximum number of Ordinary Shares authorised to be purchased shall be 1 626 077 (representing 10% of the Company's issued Ordinary Share capital at the date of this notice of Annual General Meeting);b) the minimum price (exclusive of any expenses) which may be paid for an Ordinary Share is £0.001;c) the maximum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for each Ordinary Share must not be more than the higher of (i) an amount equal to five per cent.  above the market value of an Ordinary Share for the five business days immediately preceding the day on which that share is contracted to be purchased; and (ii) an amount equal to the higher of the price of the last independent trade and the highest current independent bid on the trading venue where the purchase is carried out  in each case exclusive of expenses;d) the authority hereby conferred shall expire at the conclusion of the next Annual General Meeting of the Company to be held after the date of the passing of this resolution or  if earlier  on the expiry of 15 months from the passing of this resolution  unless such authority is renewed to such time; ande) the Company may make a contract to purchase Ordinary Shares under the authority  which will or may be executed wholly or partly after the expiration of such authority and may make a purchase of Ordinary Shares pursuant to any such contract.Swedish shareholders on the Euroclear Sweden sub-register who do not hold their shares in CREST can attend the meeting virtually and exercise their voting rights through advance voting online. Please see section 11 of the Notes to the Notice of Annual General Meeting.By order of the BoardThrogmorton Secretaries LLPCompany Secretary4 April 2022Registered Office:6th FloorBastion House140 London WallLondon EC2Y 5DNExplanatory Notes on the resolutionsAn explanation of each of the resolutions is set out below.Resolution 1 - To receive and adopt the Annual Report and AccountsThe Directors are required to present the financial statements  Directors' Report and Auditor's Report to the meeting. These are contained in the Company's Annual Report and Financial Statements for the period ended 31 December 2021 (the ""Annual Report""). A resolution to receive and adopt the financial statements  together with the Directors' Report and the Auditor's Report on those accounts  is included as an ordinary resolution.Resolutions 2-5 - Re-election of DirectorsIn accordance with the UK Corporate Governance Code  all of the Directors will retire and offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming AGM.The Company has three non-executive directors  all of whom are determined by the Board to be independent directors in accordance with the criteria set out in the UK Corporate Governance Code. The Board considers that their skills  experience  independence and knowledge of the Company enable them to discharge their respective duties and responsibilities effectivelyEach of the Board members' biographical details are set out on the Company's website at https://www.physitrackgroup.com/governance/board-directors.Resolutions 6 and 7 - Appointment and Remuneration of AuditorAt each meeting at which the Company's financial statements are presented to its members  the Company is required to appoint an auditor to serve until the next such meeting. As part of its review of the continuing appointment of the auditors  the Board considers the length of tenure of the audit firm  its fees and independence along with any matters raised during each audit. Mazars LLP are the appointed auditors of the Company. Following a tender process in 2020 Mazars performed an audit on the 2018  2019 and 2020 figures for the purpose of the IPO prospective. The audit of the period ended 21 December 2021 was the first audit by Mazars since Physitrack PLC became a public company. The Board recommends the re-appointment of Mazars LLP and this will be proposed to the AGM as Resolution 6. Resolution 7 authorises the Directors to determine the remuneration of Mazars LLP as Auditor.Resolution 8 - Authority to allot Ordinary SharesThe Directors may only allot shares or grant rights to subscribe for  or convert any security into  shares if authorised to do so by shareholders. Resolution 8 will  if passed  authorise the Directors to allot the Company's Ordinary Shares or grant rights to subscribe for  or convert any security into  Ordinary Shares in the Company up to a maximum nominal amount of £3 252.15 representing 3 252 153 Ordinary Shares and is equivalent to approximately 20 per cent. of the Company's existing issued Ordinary Share capital as at 3 April 2022 (being the latest practicable date prior to publication of the Notice).Resolution 9 - Authority to dis-apply pre-emption rightsResolution 9 is a special resolution which is being proposed to authorise the Directors to disapply the pre-emption rights of existing Shareholders in relation to issues of Ordinary Shares under Resolution 8 (being in respect of ordinary shares up to an aggregate nominal value of £3 252.15  representing up to approximately 20 per cent. of the Company's issued ordinary share capital as at the date of the Notice)  provided that in the case of any Ordinary Shares allotted the issue price is no lower than the nominal value per Ordinary Share.Resolution 10 - Share RepurchasesResolution 10 is also a special resolution. The Companies Act 2006 allows companies to hold shares acquired by way of market purchase as treasury shares  rather than having to cancel them. This would give the Company the ability to re-issue Ordinary Shares quickly and cost effectively thereby improving liquidity and providing the Company with additional flexibility in the management of its capital base.No Ordinary Shares will be sold from treasury at a price less than the net asset value per existing ordinary share at the time of their sale unless they are first offered pro rata to existing Shareholders.The Company may seek to address any significant discount to net asset value at which its Ordinary Shares may be trading by purchasing its own Ordinary Shares in the market on an ad hoc basis.The Directors currently have the authority to make market purchases of up to 10 per cent. of the Ordinary Shares in issue and are seeking to renew this authority to issue up to 10% of the Company's issued share capital  which equates to 1 626 077 at the date of this notice. The maximum price (exclusive of expenses) which may be paid for an ordinary share must not be more than the higher of:(i) 105% of the average of the mid-market values of the Ordinary Shares for the five business days before the purchase is made; or(ii) the price stipulated by the regulatory technical standards adopted by the UK pursuant to the Market Abuse Regulation  being the form of the EU Market Abuse Regulation as incorporated into the law of England and Wales.Ordinary Shares will only be repurchased at prices below the prevailing net asset value per ordinary share  which should have the effect of increasing the net asset value per ordinary share for the remaining Shareholders. The minimum price which may be paid shall be their respective nominal values.It is intended that a renewal of the authority to make market purchases will be sought from Shareholders at each AGM of the Company. Purchases of Ordinary Shares will be made within guidelines established from time to time by the Board. Any purchase of Ordinary Shares would be made only out of the available uncommitted cash resources of the Group.Ordinary Shares repurchased by the Company may be held in treasury or cancelled.Investors should note that the repurchase of Ordinary Shares is entirely at the discretion of the Board and no expectation or reliance should be placed on such discretion being exercised on any one or more occasions or as to the proportion of Ordinary Shares that may be repurchased.Settlement of ordinary share transactions in the Company are settled by the CREST share settlement system.The results of the voting on all resolutions will be published on the Company's website as soon as practicable following the conclusion of the AGM.Notes to the Notice of Annual General Meeting1. COVID-19 MeasuresThe COVID-19 situation is constantly evolving  and the UK Government may change the current restrictions or implement further measures during the affected period. Shareholders should monitor the Company's website at www.physitrackgroup.com for any updates regarding the Annual General Meeting.2. Voting record dateOnly members registered in the Register of Members of the Company at close of business BST on 28 April 2022 shall be entitled to vote at the Annual General Meeting in respect of the number of voting rights registered in their name at that time. Changes to entries on the Register of Members after close of business BST on 28 April 2022 shall be disregarded in determining the rights of any person to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting.If the Annual General Meeting is adjourned for no more than 48 hours after the original time  the same voting record date will also apply for the purpose of determining the entitlement of members to attend  speak and vote (subject to UK Government restrictions) at the adjourned meeting. If the Annual General Meeting is adjourned for more than 48 hours  then the voting record date will be the close of business on the day which is two days (excluding non-working days) before the day of the adjourned meeting or  if the Company gives notice of the adjourned meeting  at any time specified in that notice.In the case of joint holders of a voting right  the vote of the senior holder who tenders a vote  whether in person or by proxy  shall be accepted to the exclusion of the votes of the other joint holders and  for this purpose  seniority shall be determined by the order in which the names stand in the Register of Members in respect of the joint holding.3. Rights to attend and voteSubject to UK Government restrictions  members are entitled to attend and vote at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting or at any adjournment(s) thereof. On a poll each member has one vote for every one share held.Swedish shareholders listed the Euroclear sub-register can attend the Annual General Meeting virtually and can exercise their voting rights through advance voting online  April 27th at the latest. Please see sections 11 - 13 of the Notes below for further details. The meeting notice in its entirety is available on the company's website: physitrackgroup.com4. Right to appoint proxiesPursuant to Section 324 of the Companies Act 2006 (the ""Act"")  a member entitled to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting may appoint more than one proxy (subject to UK Government restrictions)  provided that each proxy is appointed to exercise the rights attached to different shares held by him. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.The appointment of a proxy will not preclude a shareholder from attending and voting in person at the Annual General Meeting (subject to UK Government restrictions) or at any adjournment thereof.5. Proxies' rights to vote at the Annual General MeetingOn a vote on a show of hands  each proxy has one vote.If a proxy is appointed by more than one member and all such members have instructed the proxy to vote in the same way  the proxy will only be entitled  on a show of hands  to vote ""for"" or ""against"" as applicable. If a proxy is appointed by more than one member  but such members have given different voting instructions  the proxy may  on a show of hands  vote both ""for"" and ""against"" in order to reflect the different voting instructions.On a poll  all or any of the voting rights of the member may be exercised by one or more duly appointed proxies. However  where a member appoints more than one proxy  Section 285(4) of the Act does not authorise the exercise by the proxies taken together of more extensive voting rights than could be exercised by the member in person.6. Appointment  receipt and termination of proxiesTo appoint a proxy  you may:(a) register your appointment on the Signal Shares portal at www.signalshares.com;(b) request a paper form of proxy from the Company's registrar using the details below; or(c) in the case of CREST members  appoint a proxy via CREST (see note 7 below).By registering on the Signal Shares portal at www.signalshares.com  you can manage your shareholding  including: (i) casting your vote; (ii) changing your dividend payment instruction; (iii) updating your address; and (iv) selecting your communication preference.To be effective  the proxy vote must be submitted at www.signalshares.com so as to have been received by the Company's registrars not less than 48 hours (excluding weekends and public holidays) before the time appointed for the meeting or any adjournment of it.Any power of attorney or other authority under which the proxy is submitted must be returned to the Company's Registrars  Link Group PXS1  10th Floor  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds LS1 4DL.If a paper form of proxy is requested from the Company's registrar  it should be completed and returned to Link Group PXS1  10th Floor  Central Square  29 Wellington Street  Leeds LS1 4DL to be received not less than 48 hours (excluding weekends and public holidays) before the time appointed for the meeting or any adjournment of it.If you need help with voting online  or require a paper form of proxy  please contact the Company's registrar  Link Group  by email at shareholderenquiries@linkgroup.co.uk or by telephone on 0871 664 0391 (if calling from the UK) or on +44 (0) 371 664 0391 (if calling from outside of the UK). Calls are charged at the standard geographic rate and will vary by provider. Calls outside the United Kingdom will be charged at the applicable international rate. Lines are open between 09:00 - 17:30  Monday to Friday excluding public holidays in England and Wales.In accordance with the Company's Articles of Association  in determining the time for delivery of proxies  no account shall be taken of any part of a day that is not a working day.A member may terminate a proxy's authority at any time before the commencement of the Annual General Meeting. Termination must be provided in writing and submitted to Link Group.7. Changing Proxy InstructionsTo change your proxy instructions simply submit a new proxy appointment using the methods set out above. Note that the cut-off times for receipt of proxy appointments (see above) also apply in relation to amended instructions; any amended proxy appointment received after the relevant cut-off time will be disregarded. Where you have appointed a proxy using the hard-copy proxy form and would like to change the instructions using another hard-copy proxy form  please contact Link Group as per the communication methods shown above. If you submit more than one valid proxy appointment  the appointment received last before the latest time for the receipt of proxies will take precedence.8. Appointment of Proxies Through CrestCREST members who wish to appoint a proxy or proxies by utilising the CREST electronic proxy appointment service may do so for the Meeting and any adjournment(s) of it by using the procedures described in the CREST Manual (available from https://www.euroclear.com/site/public/EUI). CREST Personal Members or other CREST sponsored members  and those CREST members who have appointed a voting service provider(s)  should refer to their CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s)  who will be able to take the appropriate action on their behalf. In order for a proxy appointment made by means of CREST to be valid  the appropriate CREST message (a CREST Proxy Instruction) must be properly authenticated in accordance with Euroclear UK & International Limited's (EUI) specifications and must contain the information required for such instructions  as described in the CREST Manual. The message must be transmitted so as to be received by the issuer's agent RA by the voting deadline of 48 hours (excluding non-working days) before the time of the meeting. For this purpose  the time of receipt will be taken to be the time (as determined by the timestamp applied to the message by the CREST Applications Host) from which the issuer's agent is able to retrieve the message by enquiry to CREST in the manner prescribed by CREST.CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers should note that EUI does not make available special procedures in CREST for any particular messages. Normal system timings and limitations will therefore apply in relation to the input of CREST Proxy Instructions. It is the responsibility of the CREST member concerned to take (or  if the CREST member is a CREST personal member or sponsored member or has appointed a voting service provider(s)  to procure that his CREST sponsor or voting service provider(s) take(s)) such action as shall be necessary to ensure that a message is transmitted by means of the CREST system by any particular time.In this connection  CREST members and  where applicable  their CREST sponsors or voting service providers are referred  in particular  to those sections of the CREST Manual concerning practical limitations of the CREST system and timings. The Company may treat as invalid a CREST Proxy Instruction in the circumstances set out in Regulation 35(5) (a) of the Uncertificated Securities Regulations 2001.9. Appointment of Proxies Through ProxymityIf you are an institutional investor you may be able to appoint a proxy electronically via the Proxymity platform  a process which has been agreed by the Company and approved by the Registrar. For further information regarding Proxymity  please go to www.proxymity.io. Your proxy must be lodged 28 April 2022 at 11.00 a.m. BST in order to be considered valid or  if the meeting is adjourned  by the time which is 48 hours before the time of the adjourned meeting. Before you can appoint a proxy via this process you will need to have agreed to Proxymity's associated terms and conditions. It is important that you read these carefully as you will be bound by them and they will govern the electronic appointment of your proxy.10. Corporate RepresentativesA corporation which is a member can appoint one or more corporate representatives who may exercise  on its behalf  all its powers as a member provided that no more than one corporate representative exercises powers over the same share.Members may not use any electronic address provided either in the notice of Annual General Meeting or any related documents to communicate with the Company for any purpose other than those expressly stated.If your shares are held within a nominee and you wish to attend the meeting  you will need to contact your nominee as soon as possible. Your nominee will need to present a corporate letter of representation to Link Group  our registrar  as soon as possible and at least 72 hours (excluding non-business days) before the meeting.11. Swedish shareholders listed on Euroclear Sweden sub-registerSwedish shareholders on the Euroclear Sweden sub-register who do not hold their shares in CREST can attend the meeting virtually and can exercise their voting rights through advance voting online  April 27th at the latest.Please pre-register your intention to join the meeting by contacting Euroclear Sweden by email at GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. You will be provided with a link for virtual attendance once you have pre-registered.You can vote online in advance by visiting the Euroclear Sweden web page at https://anmalan.vpc.se/euroclearproxy?sprak=1. You can also send a form by ordinary post or e-mail to:Physitrack PLCAGMc/o Euroclear Sweden ABBox 191101 23 StockholmGeneralMeetingService@euroclear.comThe meeting notice in its entirety is available on the company's website: physitrackgroup.com.Shareholders who have their shares registered through a bank or other nominee  in addition to giving notice of participation in the meeting  must register their shares in their own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register prepared by Euroclear Sweden AB as of the record date  April 25  2022. Such re-registration may be temporary (so-called ""voting rights registration"") in order to cast a postal vote and the request for such registration shall be made to the nominee  in accordance with the nominee's routines  at such a time in advance as decided by the nominee. Voting rights registrations that have been completed by the nominee no later than April 27  2022  will be taken into account in the preparation of the share register by Euroclear Sweden.12. How to join the virtual meetingPlease pre-register your intention to join the Annual General Meeting virtually by contacting Euroclear Sweden by email at GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com. You will be provided with a link for virtual attendance once you have pre-registered your interest.13. Questions at the MeetingShareholders  including Swedish shareholders listed on the Euroclear Sweden sub-register  and particularly if relevant UK Government restrictions come into force as at the date of the Annual General Meeting  are invited to pre-submit any questions they would otherwise have asked at the AGM via email to ir@physitrack.com. Such questions will be considered by the Board. If any relevant questions are received  the Company will respond to those questions directly and may also  if the Board so determines  and subject to any confidentiality or regulatory restrictions  publish on the Company's website a summary of responses to questions received.14. Total voting rights at date of Notice of Annual General MeetingAs at 3 April 2022 (being the last practicable date prior to the publication of this Notice of Annual General Meeting) the total number of Ordinary Shares in the Company in issue was 16 260 765. The total number of voting rights on that date was therefore 16 260 765.***For further information  please contact:Adam Nilsson  Investor relations: ir@physitrack.com. +46 (0) 70 746 44 21About PhysitrackPhysitrack  founded in 2012  is a global digital healthcare provider  mainly focused on the B2B physiotherapy and musculoskeletal care market. With staff on four continents  customers in 17 time zones  and patients in 187 countries  we are a truly global company.The company has two business lines:1. Software-as-a-Service (SaaS)-based software platform tailored to physiotherapy and musculoskeletal care  encompassing clinical home exercises  education prescription  outcomes tracking  triaging and Telehealth.2. Virtual care powered by the Physitrack technology platform where we have in-house physiotherapists and corporate wellness practitioners in the UK  the Nordics and Germany.Physitrack is headquartered in London  United Kingdom  and listed on Nasdaq First North Premier Growth Market (PTRK). www.physitrackgroup.comFNCA Sweden AB is the appointed Certified Adviser of Physitrack.info@fnca.se  +46 8 528 00 399AttachmentsNotice of Annual General Meeting 2022SOURCE: PhysitrackView source version on accesswire.com:",neutral,0.03,0.94,0.04,positive,0.53,0.38,0.09,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Notice', 'other appropriate independent professional adviser', 'highest current independent bid', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'maximum aggregate nominal amount', 'last independent trade', '100 New Bridge Street', 'Per Henrik Molin', 'five per cent', 'London EC4V 6JA', 'five business days', 'section 570 Companies Act', 'section 560(1) Companies Act', 'section 561 Companies Act', 'Ordinary Share capital', 'Annual Report', 'next year', 'maximum number', 'maximum price', 'Physitrack PTRK', 'important document', 'immediate attention', 'bank manager', 'Physitrack PLC', 'United Kingdom', 'Elaine Sullivan', 'Arup Paul', 'Jasper Zwartendijk', 'Mazars LLP', 'existing authorities', 'market purchases', 'market value', 'trading venue', 'ordinary shares', 'Ordinary Resolutions', 'following resolutions', 'Special Resolutions', 'minimum price', 'accompanying documents', 'following purposes', 'equity securities', 'UK', 'ACCESSWIRE', 'April', 'Notice', 'doubt', 'action', 'stockbroker', 'solicitor', 'accountant', 'delay', 'purchaser', 'transferee', 'person', 'sale', 'offices', 'Baker', 'McKenzie', '3 May', '11.00 a', 'Accounts', 'period', 'December', 'reports', 'Directors', 'Auditor', 'conclusion', 'remuneration', 'substitution', 'powers', 'rights', 'security', 'authority', 'close', '31 May', 'case', 'offers', 'agreements', 'Board', 'passing', 'meaning', 'cash', 'allotment', 'date', 'accordance', 'expenses', 'exclusive', 'expiry', '15 months', 'time', 'contract', 'expiration']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,benzinga.com
2192,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/FRISQ-HOLDING-AB-PUBL-39436118/news/Notice-of-annual-general-meeting-in-Frisq-Holding-AB-publ-39956064/,Notice of annual general meeting in Frisq Holding AB (publ),1 day ago,"The shareholders of Frisq Holding AB (publ)  reg. no. 556959-2867  (the ""Company"")  are hereby convened to the annual general meeting to be held on Thursday 5 May 2022   at 14.00 at Baker & McKenzie 's premises at Vasagatan 7 in Stockholm .Right to attend the annual general meeting and noticeShareholders wishing to attend the annual general meeting must:i. on the record date  which is Wednesday 27 April 2022   be registered in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB ; andii. notify the company of their participation and any assistants (no more than two) in the annual general meeting no later than Friday 29 April 2022 . The notification shall be in writing to Frisq Holding AB (publ)  Att: Thomas Edlund   Lästmakargatan 20  111 44 or via e-mail: bolagsstamma@frisq.se. The notification should state the name  personal/corporate identity number  shareholding  share classes address and telephone number and  when applicable  information about representatives  counsels and assistants. When applicable  complete authorization documents  such as registration certificates and powers of attorney for representatives and assistants  should be appended the notification.Nominee sharesShareholders  whose shares are registered in the name of a bank or other nominee  must temporarily register their shares in their own name with Euroclear Sweden AB in order to be entitled to participate in the general meeting. Such registration  which normally is processed in a few days  must be completed no later than Wednesday 27 April 2022 and should therefore be requested from the nominee well before this date. Voting registration requested by a shareholder in such time that the registration has been made by the relevant nominee no later than on Friday 29 April 2022 will be considered in preparations of the share register.Proxy etc.Shareholders represented by proxy shall issue dated and signed power of attorney for the proxy. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  attested copies of the certificate of registration or equivalent authorization documents  evidencing the authority to issue the proxy  shall be enclosed. The proxy must not be more than one year old  however  the proxy may be older if it is stated that it is valid for a longer term  maximum five years. A copy of the proxy in original and  where applicable  the registration certificate  should in order to facilitate the entrance to the general meeting  be submitted to the Company by mail at the address set forth above and at the Company's disposal no later than on 29 April 2022 . The proxy in original and  when applicable  the certificate of registration must be presented at the general meeting. A proxy form will be available on the Company's website  www.frisqholding.se  and will also be sent to shareholders who so request and inform the Company of their postal address.Proposed agenda:1. Opening of the meeting and election of the chairman of the general meeting.2. Preparation and approval of the voting list.3. Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes.4. Determination as to of whether the meeting has been duly convened.5. Approval of the agenda for the meeting.6. Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report and the consolidated annual report and auditor's report in respect thereof.7. Resolution regarding:a. approval of the profit and loss statement and the balance sheet and the consolidated profit and loss statement and consolidated balance sheet;b. allocation of the Company's profit or loss according to the adopted balance sheet; andc. discharge from liability of the members of the board of directors and the managing director.8. Determination of remuneration to be paid to the directors and to the auditor.9. Election of directors and deputies and auditors.10. Closing of the meeting.Proposals for resolutions:Item 1: Opening of the meeting and election of the chairman of the general meetingThe board of directors proposes that Joakim Falkner   Attorney at law  at Baker & McKenzie Advokatbyrå  is appointed as chairman of the general meeting.Item 7b: Resolution regarding allocation of profit or loss in accordance with the adopted balance sheetThe board of directors proposes that all funds available for the annual general meeting shall be carried forward.Item 8-9: Determination of remuneration to be paid to the directors and to the auditor and election of directors and deputies and auditorsIt is proposed that that the board shall consist of four directors without deputies. It is further proposed that the number of auditors shall be one registered audit firm.It is proposed that the remuneration to the directors of the board shall amount to a total of SEK 500 000 ( SEK 500 000 the previous year)  and shall be paid to the directors of the board in the following amounts:· SEK 100 000 ( SEK 100 000 ) for each of the non-employee directors and SEK 200 000 ( SEK 200 000 ) to the chairmanIt is proposed that remuneration to the auditor is to be paid according to approved invoice.The current directors Lars Björk  Göran Hägglund  Per- Egon Johansson and Mats Lindstrand are proposed for re-election. It is proposed to re-elect Mats Lindstrand as chairman of the board.It is also proposed to re-elect the registered audit firm MAZARS SET Revisionsbyrå AB as the Company's auditor for a period up until the end of the next annual general meeting. MAZARS SET Revisionsbyrå AB has announced that Samuel Bjälkemo continues as main responsible auditor.More information about the directors proposed for re-election can be found on the Company's website www.frisqholding.se and in the annual report for 2021.Number of shares and votesThe total number of shares and votes in the Company as of the date hereof amounts to 47 954 773. The Company holds no shares of its own.Further informationCopies of the annual accounts  audit report and proxy form  are available at the Company at Lästmakargatan 20 in Stockholm and at the Company's website  www.frisqholding.se  at least three weeks in advance of the annual general meeting. The complete proposals will be available at the Company and at the Company's website at least two weeks in advance of the annual general meeting. All such information according to the above may be sent to shareholders who request it and provide their e-mail or postal address.The shareholders are hereby notified regarding the right to  at the annual general meeting  request information from the board of directors and managing director according to Ch. 7 § 32 of the Swedish Companies Act.Processing of personal dataFor information on how personal data is processed in relation the meeting  see the Privacy notice available on Euroclear Sweden AB’s website: https://www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf.* * * * *Stockholm in April 2022Frisq Holding AB (publ)The board of directors",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,negative,0.04,0.34,0.62,True,English,"['annual general meeting', 'Frisq Holding AB', 'Notice', 'one registered audit firm', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'complete authorization documents', 'equivalent authorization documents', 'Frisq Holding AB', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'share classes address', 'annual general meeting', 'consolidated annual report', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'share register', 'Thursday 5 May', 'Thomas Edlund', 'Lästmakargatan', 'telephone number', 'legal entity', 'longer term', 'five years', 'postal address', 'voting list', 'two persons', 'managing director', 'Joakim Falkner', 'previous year', 'following amounts', 'consolidated profit', 'other nominee', 'relevant nominee', 'Friday 29 April', 'registration certificates', 'Such registration', 'Voting registration', 'record date', 'loss statement', 'McKenzie Advokatbyrå', 'Item 7b', 'four directors', 'employee directors', 'Wednesday 27 April', 'proxy form', 'Nominee shares', 'shareholders', 'publ', 'Company', 'Baker', 'premises', 'Vasagatan', 'Stockholm', 'Right', 'notice', 'participation', 'assistants', 'notification', 'writing', 'Att', 'mail', 'bolagsstamma', 'name', 'shareholding', 'information', 'representatives', 'counsels', 'powers', 'bank', 'order', 'days', 'time', 'preparations', 'copies', 'authority', 'copy', 'original', 'entrance', 'disposal', 'website', 'frisqholding', 'agenda', 'Opening', 'election', 'chairman', 'approval', 'minutes', 'Determination', 'Presentation', 'auditor', 'respect', 'Resolution', 'allocation', 'discharge', 'liability', 'members', 'board', 'remuneration', 'deputies', 'Closing', 'Proposals', 'law', 'accordance', 'funds', 'total', 'SEK', 'invoice', '4.']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,marketscreener.com
2196,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Bank CEOs post-merger: Where are they now? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/94IO5lh7kf #regtech,nan,Bank CEOs post-merger: Where are they now? #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/94IO5lh7kf #regtech,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.05,neutral,0.03,0.91,0.05,True,English,"['Bank CEOs', 'merger', 'Fintech', 'regtech', 'Bank CEOs', 'merger', 'Fintech', 'regtech']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,Unknown
2197,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,The partnership between Euroclear and Paxos has come to an end.,nan,The partnership between Euroclear and Paxos has come to an end.,neutral,0.04,0.87,0.09,neutral,0.04,0.87,0.09,True,English,"['partnership', 'Euroclear', 'Paxos', 'end', 'partnership', 'Euroclear', 'Paxos', 'end']",2022-04-03,2022-04-05,Unknown
2198,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system - Nasdaq https://t.co/VoH8Zui3S1 https://t.co/R1fOiqLm7D,nan,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system - Nasdaq https://t.co/VoH8Zui3S1 https://t.co/R1fOiqLm7D,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'Nasdaq', 'R1fOiqLm7D', 'bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'Nasdaq', 'R1fOiqLm7D']",2022-04-02,2022-04-05,Unknown
2199,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system - Nasdaq https://t.co/5qaHhrUGOO #blockchain,nan,Euroclear joins bank-backed blockchain payment system - Nasdaq https://t.co/5qaHhrUGOO #blockchain,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'Nasdaq', 'qaHhrUGOO', 'bank-backed blockchain payment system', 'Euroclear', 'Nasdaq', 'qaHhrUGOO']",2022-04-02,2022-04-05,Unknown
2200,Clearstream,NewsApi.org,https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/bonds/russia-bond-default-payments-deadline-600-million-2022-2042-debt-2022-4,Russia faces deadline for more than $600 million in bond payments as default fears still loom,Russia faces a Monday deadline for $552 million remaining on a 2022 bond repayment and a coupon payment of $84 million for a 2042 bond.,Russia faces a deadline for more than $600 million in bond payments that are due Monday.That includes $552 million remaining on a 2022 bond repayment and a coupon payment of $84 million for a 2042 bond.Last week  Russia avoided a default with a $447 million dollar-denominated payment that JPMorgan processed.Get the inside scoop on what traders are talking about — delivered daily to your inbox. Loading Something is loading. Email address By clicking ‘Sign up’  you agree to receive marketing emails from Insider as well as other partner offers and accept our Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyThe Russian government is staring down a Monday deadline for more than $600 million in outstanding bond payments as the Kremlin continues to stave off debt default fears.Last week  the Finance Ministry said it used rubles to repurchase 72% of $2 billion in debt that matures Monday  or about $1.45 billion. That still leaves about $552 million owed on the 2022 bond. Russia said it plans to buy back the maturing bond in full.Bondholders who chose not to take the ruble-buyback offer will be paid in US dollars on Monday  sources told Reuters.Meanwhile  Russia is coming up against another April 4 deadline for a coupon payment of $84 million on a separate 2042 bond.Last week  Russia narrowly avoided a default after JPMorgan processed a $447 million dollar-denominated bond payment  despite Clearstream blocking Russia from a key clearinghouse for foreign debt payments the week prior.Western sanctions slapped on Russia following its invasion of Ukraine have meant money is only slowly trickling through the system  as banks seek approval from the US Treasury to process funds.Russia has so far kept up payments on its foreign currency denominated bonds  despite major ratings agencies saying in early March that a debt default was highly likely.Meanwhile  the ruble has regained much of its value over the last week  hovering close to pre-invasion levels amid ongoing peace talks between Ukraine and Moscow.,negative,0.02,0.18,0.8,negative,0.02,0.23,0.76,True,English,"['bond payments', 'default fears', 'Russia', 'deadline', 'foreign currency denominated bonds', '$447 million dollar-denominated bond payment', '$447 million dollar-denominated payment', 'other partner offers', 'major ratings agencies', 'ongoing peace talks', 'foreign debt payments', 'outstanding bond payments', 'debt default fears', 'coupon payment', '2022 bond repayment', 'maturing bond', 'separate 2042 bond', 'inside scoop', 'Email address', 'marketing emails', 'Privacy Policy', 'Russian government', 'Finance Ministry', 'ruble-buyback offer', 'US dollars', 'key clearinghouse', 'Western sanctions', 'US Treasury', 'early March', 'last week', 'pre-invasion levels', 'April 4 deadline', 'Monday deadline', 'JPMorgan', 'traders', 'inbox', 'Something', 'Insider', 'Terms', 'Service', 'Kremlin', 'rubles', 'Bondholders', 'sources', 'Reuters', 'Clearstream', 'Ukraine', 'money', 'system', 'banks', 'approval', 'funds', 'value', 'Moscow']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,markets.businessinsider.com
2201,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.businessmerseyside.co.uk/peripheral-vascular-devices-market-analysis-trends-and-forecast/,Leading Players – Medtronic  Angiomed GmbH  Co. Medizintechnik KG  Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited  Terumo Corporation  ENDOLOGIX  Bolton Medical  Jotec GmbH  ClearStream Technologies,1 day ago,New Jersey  United States – The research study on the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market offers you detailed and accurate analyzes to strengthen your position in the market. It provides the latest updates and powerful insights into the Peripheral Vascular Devices industry to help you improve your business tactics and ensure strong revenue growth for years to come. It sheds light on current and future market scenarios and helps you understand the competitive dynamics of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market. The market segmentation analysis offered in the research study demonstrates how different product segments  applications  and regions are performing in the Peripheral Vascular Devices market.The report includes verified and revalidated market figures such as CAGR  gross margin  revenue  price  production growth rate  volume  value  market share  and Y-o-Y growth. We have used the latest primary and secondary research techniques to compile this comprehensive Peripheral Vascular Devices market report. As part of the regional analysis  we explored key markets such as North America  Europe  India  China  Japan  MEA  and others. Leading companies are profiled based on various factors including markets served  production  revenue  market share  recent developments  and gross margin. There is a dedicated section on market dynamics that thoroughly analyzes the drivers  restraints  opportunities  influencers  challenges  and trends.Get Full PDF Sample Copy of Report: (Including Full TOC  List of Tables & Figures  Chart) @ https://www.verifiedmarketreports.com/download-sample/?rid=41284The report provides an excellent overview of the main macroeconomic factors having a significant impact on the growth of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market. It also provides the absolute dollar opportunity analysis which can be crucial in identifying revenue generation and sales increasing opportunities in the Peripheral Vascular Devices market. Market players can use the qualitative and quantitative analysis provided in the report to get a good understanding of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market and make strong strides in the industry in terms of growth. The overall Peripheral Vascular Devices market size and that of each segment studied in the report are accurately calculated based on various factors.Key Players Mentioned in the Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Research Report:Medtronic  Angiomed GmbH  Co. Medizintechnik KG  Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited  Terumo Corporation  ENDOLOGIX  Bolton Medical  Jotec GmbH  ClearStream Technologies Ltd.  Aesculap AG  Boston Scientific Corporation  curative medical devices gmbh  Lepu  Microport  BioteqPeripheral Vascular Devices Market Segmentation:By the product type  the market is primarily split into:• Peripheral vascular stents• PTA balloon catheter• Embolic protection device• Aortic stent graft• Surgical artificial transplantBy the application  this report covers the following segments:• The treatment of peripheral blood vessels damaged• The treatment of peripheral blood vessels blockageIn this report  researchers focused on social media sentiment analysis and consumer sentiment analysis. For the social media sentiment analysis  they focused on trending topics  mentions on social media platforms including the percentage of mentions  trending brands  and consumer perception of products on social media platforms including negative and positive mentions. As part of the consumer sentiment analysis  they examined the impact of certifications  claims  and labels  factors influencing consumer preferences  key trends  consumer preferences including the futuristic approach and historical scenarios  influential social and economic factors  specification development  and consumers. buying habits.Get a Discount On The Purchase Of This Report @ https://www.verifiedmarketreports.com/ask-for-discount/?rid=41284Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Report ScopeATTRIBUTES DETAILS ESTIMATED YEAR 2022 BASE YEAR 2021 FORECAST YEAR 2029 HISTORICAL YEAR 2020 UNIT Value (USD Million/Billion) SEGMENTS COVERED Types  Applications  End-Users  and more. REPORT COVERAGE Revenue Forecast  Company Ranking  Competitive Landscape  Growth Factors  and Trends BY REGION North America  Europe  Asia Pacific  Latin America  Middle East and Africa CUSTOMIZATION SCOPE Free report customization (equivalent up to 4 analysts working days) with purchase. Addition or alteration to country  regional & segment scope.Geographic Segment Covered in the Report:The Peripheral Vascular Devices report provides information about the market area  which is further subdivided into sub-regions and countries/regions. In addition to the market share in each country and sub-region  this chapter of this report also contains information on profit opportunities. This chapter of the report mentions the market share and growth rate of each region  country  and sub-region during the estimated period.• North America (USA and Canada)• Europe (UK  Germany  France and the rest of Europe)• Asia Pacific (China  Japan  India  and the rest of the Asia Pacific region)• Latin America (Brazil  Mexico  and the rest of Latin America)• Middle East and Africa (GCC and rest of the Middle East and Africa)Key questions answered in the report:1. Which are the five top players in the Peripheral Vascular Devices market?2. How will the Peripheral Vascular Devices market change in the next five years?3. Which product and application will take a lion’s share of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market?4. What are the drivers and restraints of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market?5. Which regional market will show the highest growth?6. What will be the CAGR and size of the Peripheral Vascular Devices market throughout the forecast period?For More Information or Query or Customization Before Buying  Visit @ https://www.verifiedmarketreports.com/product/global-peripheral-vascular-devices-market-2019-by-manufacturers-regions-type-and-application-forecast-to-2024/Visualize Peripheral Vascular Devices Market using Verified Market Intelligence:-Verified Market Intelligence is our BI-enabled platform for narrative storytelling of this market. VMI offers in-depth forecasted trends and accurate Insights on over 20 000+ emerging & niche markets  helping you make critical revenue-impacting decisions for a brilliant future.VMI provides a holistic overview and global competitive landscape with respect to Region  Country  and Segment  and Key players of your market. Present your Market Report & findings with an inbuilt presentation feature saving over 70% of your time and resources for Investor  Sales & Marketing  R&D  and Product Development pitches. VMI enables data delivery In Excel and Interactive PDF formats with over 15+ Key Market Indicators for your market.Visualize Peripheral Vascular Devices Market using VMI @ https://www.verifiedmarketresearch.com/vmintelligence/Top Trending ReportsGlobal Sleep Apnea Diagnostic Devices Market Size And ForecastGlobal Pen Needles Market Size And ForecastGlobal Cardiac Pacing Market Size And ForecastGlobal Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Size And ForecastGlobal Monoclonal Antibody Diagnostic Reagents Market Size And ForecastGlobal Sclerotherapy Market Size And ForecastGlobal Liraglutide Market Size And ForecastGlobal Gelatin Capsule Market Size And ForecastGlobal Blood Collection Tubes Market Size And ForecastGlobal Avian Influenza Vaccines Market Size And ForecastAbout Us: Verified Market ReportsVerified Market Reports is a leading Global Research and Consulting firm servicing over 5000+ global clients. We provide advanced analytical research solutions while offering information-enriched research studies.We also offer insights into strategic and growth analyses and data necessary to achieve corporate goals and critical revenue decisions.Our 250 Analysts and SME’s offer a high level of expertise in data collection and governance using industrial techniques to collect and analyze data on more than 25 000 high-impact and niche markets. Our analysts are trained to combine modern data collection techniques  superior research methodology  expertise  and years of collective experience to produce informative and accurate research.Our research spans over a multitude of industries including Energy  Technology  Manufacturing and Construction  Chemicals and Materials  Food and Beverages etc. Having serviced many Fortune 2000 organizations  we bring a rich and reliable experience that covers all kinds of research needs.Contact us:Mr. Edwyne FernandesUS: +1 (650)-781-4080UK: +44 (753)-715-0008APAC: +61 (488)-85-9400US Toll-Free: +1 (800)-782-1768Email: sales@verifiedmarketreports.comWebsite: – https://www.verifiedmarketreports.com/,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.56,0.25,0.19,True,English,"['Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'Co. Medizintechnik KG', 'Leading Players', 'Angiomed GmbH', 'Terumo Corporation', 'Bolton Medical', 'Jotec GmbH', 'ClearStream Technologies', 'Medtronic', 'ENDOLOGIX', 'Africa CUSTOMIZATION SCOPE Free report customization', 'overall Peripheral Vascular Devices market size', 'comprehensive Peripheral Vascular Devices market report', 'Abbott Laboratories Vascular Enterprises Limited', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Report Scope', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Research Report', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices Market Segmentation', 'The Peripheral Vascular Devices report', 'Peripheral Vascular Devices industry', 'peripheral blood vessels blockage', 'absolute dollar opportunity analysis', 'curative medical devices gmbh', 'Full PDF Sample Copy', 'social media sentiment analysis', 'Peripheral vascular stents', 'HISTORICAL YEAR 2020 UNIT Value', 'REPORT COVERAGE Revenue Forecast', 'market segmentation analysis', 'social media platforms', 'secondary research techniques', 'consumer sentiment analysis', 'Co. Medizintechnik KG', 'ClearStream Technologies Ltd.', 'PTA balloon catheter', 'Embolic protection device', 'Aortic stent graft', 'Surgical artificial transplant', 'future market scenarios', 'SEGMENTS COVERED Types', 'Boston Scientific Corporation', 'different product segments', 'main macroeconomic factors', 'sales increasing opportunities', 'strong revenue growth', 'REGION North America', 'production growth rate', 'segment scope', 'FORECAST YEAR', 'historical scenarios', 'market share', 'market dynamics', 'Market players', 'market area', 'research study', 'influential social', 'quantitative analysis', 'Full TOC', 'Bolton Medical', 'market figures', 'Angiomed GmbH', 'Jotec GmbH', 'following segments', 'BASE YEAR 2021', 'regional analysis', 'strong strides', 'Terumo Corporation', 'product type', 'consumer perception', 'consumer preferences', 'Latin America', 'revenue generation', 'New Jersey', 'United States', 'accurate analyzes', 'latest updates', 'powerful insights', 'business tactics', 'competitive dynamics', 'gross margin', 'Y-o-Y growth', 'latest primary', 'Leading companies', 'various factors', 'recent developments', 'dedicated section', 'excellent overview', 'good understanding', 'Key Players', 'Aesculap AG', 'trending topics', 'trending brands', 'futuristic approach', 'specification development', 'ATTRIBUTES DETAILS', 'Company Ranking', 'Competitive Landscape', 'Growth Factors', 'Asia Pacific', 'Middle East', 'profit opportunities', 'Geographic Segment', 'key markets', 'significant impact', 'positive mentions', 'key trends', 'detailed', 'position', 'years', 'light', 'current', 'applications', 'regions', 'CAGR', 'price', 'volume', 'part', 'Europe', 'India', 'China', 'Japan', 'MEA', 'others', 'drivers', 'restraints', 'influencers', 'challenges', 'List', 'Tables', 'Chart', 'verifiedmarketreports', 'qualitative', 'terms', 'Medtronic', 'ENDOLOGIX', 'Lepu', 'Microport', 'Bioteq', 'treatment', 'researchers', 'percentage', 'products', 'negative', 'certifications', 'claims', 'labels', 'consumers', 'habits', 'Discount', 'Purchase', 'USD', 'Billion', 'End-Users', '4 analysts', 'Addition', 'alteration', 'information', 'country', 'sub-region', 'chapter', 'period', 'USA', 'Canada', 'UK', 'Germany', 'France']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,businessmerseyside.co.uk
2204,Clearstream,Google API,https://africa.businessinsider.com/markets/russia-faces-deadline-for-more-than-dollar600-million-in-bond-payments-as-default/hk0l75k,Russia faces deadline for more than $600 million in bond payments as default fears still loom,1 day ago,The Russian government is staring down a Monday deadline for more than $600 million in outstanding bond payments as the Kremlin continues to stave off debt default fears.Last week  the Finance Ministry said it used rubles to repurchase 72% of $2 billion in debt that matures Monday  or about $1.45 billion. That still leaves about $552 million owed on the 2022 bond. Russia said it plans to buy back the maturing bond in full.Bondholders who chose not to take the ruble-buyback offer will be paid in US dollars on Monday  sources told Reuters.Meanwhile  Russia is coming up against another April 4 deadline for a coupon payment of $84 million on a separate 2042 bond.Last week  Russia narrowly avoided a default after JPMorgan processed a $447 million dollar-denominated bond payment  despite Clearstream blocking Russia from a key clearinghouse for foreign debt payments the week prior.Western sanctions slapped on Russia following its invasion of Ukraine have meant money is only slowly trickling through the system  as banks seek approval from the US Treasury to process funds.Russia has so far kept up payments on its foreign currency denominated bonds  despite major ratings agencies saying in early March that a debt default washighly likely.,negative,0.02,0.18,0.8,negative,0.01,0.19,0.8,True,English,"['bond payments', 'default fears', 'Russia', 'deadline', 'foreign currency denominated bonds', '$447 million dollar-denominated bond payment', 'major ratings agencies', 'foreign debt payments', 'outstanding bond payments', 'debt default fears', 'coupon payment', 'maturing bond', 'separate 2042 bond', 'Russian government', 'Finance Ministry', 'ruble-buyback offer', 'US dollars', 'April 4 deadline', 'key clearinghouse', 'Western sanctions', 'US Treasury', 'early March', 'Monday deadline', '2022 bond', 'Kremlin', 'rubles', 'Bondholders', 'sources', 'Reuters', 'JPMorgan', 'Clearstream', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'money', 'system', 'banks', 'approval', 'funds']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,africa.businessinsider.com
2205,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.lexology.com/library/detail.aspx?g=10a424b5-6aaf-4a87-b2c6-3974a1e3baca,War Bonds: Invest to Support Ukraine,1 day ago,To raise the required financing and support the army  the Ministry of Finance of Ukraine has decided to issue series of war bonds that can be purchased both by Ukrainian legal entities and individuals  and foreign investors who want to support Ukraine. These bonds can be nominated and purchased either in UAH or USD.To promote the bonds  the National Bank of Ukraine has introduced a simplified identification and verification mechanism exclusively for foreign individual buyers of war bonds and for Ukrainian nationals who permanently or temporarily reside abroad. This new mechanism enables remote identification and verification. The client would only have to send the documents to the broker/bank through protected communication channels and pass verification by videoconference. Simplified procedure is available for transactions for the total amount of up to UAH 400 000 (approximately EUR 12 273.70) per month.The most recent auction held on 29 March 2022 showed that the interest in Ukrainian military bonds is on the rise. During this auction  the Ministry of Finance issued and placed bonds for total amount of UAH 3.3 billion. The interest rate for the military bonds in UAH with a 15-month redemption period was set at 11%  and with the 6-month redemption period at 10%.Source: Мінфін оголосив черговий аукціон з продажу військових облігацій на 29 березня (espreso.tv)Previously  the Ministry of Finance already issued the following war bonds  which also should be available on the secondary market:Military bonds are traded through primary dealers that participate in auctions held by the Ministry of Finance in the interests of their clients. Among the primary dealers are two international and two local banks. In particular  the local banks include Оschadbank and PrivatBank. International banks acting as primary dealers are Citibank and Raiffeisen Bank. More detailed information on the list of the primary dealers can be found at this link: https://mof.gov.ua/en/perelik-pervinnih-dileriv.For direct purchases  a foreign investor has to follow these steps:choose and conclude an agreement with a Ukrainian broker with primary dealer status (the Broker);open a securities account in one of the Ukrainian depository institutions;place an order with the Broker.If they do not have direct access to Ukrainian depositary system or brokers  foreign investors can also consider using their foreign custodians as intermediaries in the process. Several foreign custodians have access to the Ukrainian depositary system through nominee accounts foreign custodians hold with Ukrainian custodians. These foreign custodians are able to purchase and hold Ukrainian securities on behalf of their clients without the need for their clients to open Ukrainian accounts. Ukrainian war bonds can also be purchased via Clearstream.,neutral,0.06,0.65,0.28,negative,0.01,0.44,0.55,True,English,"['War Bonds', 'Ukraine', 'nominee accounts foreign custodians', 'protected communication channels', '15-month redemption period', '6-month redemption period', 'More detailed information', 'Ukrainian legal entities', 'Ukrainian depository institutions', 'Ukrainian depositary system', 'foreign individual buyers', 'primary dealer status', 'Several foreign custodians', 'two local banks', 'Ukrainian military bonds', 'Ukrainian war bonds', 'Ukrainian accounts', 'Ukrainian custodians', 'Ukrainian nationals', 'Ukrainian securities', 'foreign investors', 'two international', 'International banks', 'primary dealers', 'simplified identification', 'new mechanism', 'remote identification', 'Simplified procedure', 'total amount', 'secondary market', 'Raiffeisen Bank', 'mof.gov', 'direct purchases', 'securities account', 'Ukrainian broker', 'recent auction', 'interest rate', 'direct access', 'verification mechanism', 'financing', 'army', 'Ministry', 'Finance', 'Ukraine', 'series', 'individuals', 'UAH', 'USD', 'client', 'documents', 'broker/bank', 'videoconference', 'transactions', '29 March', 'rise', 'Source', 'tv', 'auctions', 'interests', 'Оschadbank', 'PrivatBank', 'Citibank', 'list', 'link', 'perelik', 'pervinnih', 'dileriv', 'steps', 'agreement', 'order', 'brokers', 'intermediaries', 'process', 'behalf', 'need', 'Clearstream', 'Мі', 'ф', 'си', 'кці', 'родаж', 'га', 'з', 'я']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,lexology.com
2206,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.reuters.com/business/energy/eex-cautions-against-interference-with-market-forces-energy-price-soar-2022-04-04/,EEX cautions against interference with market forces as energy price soar,1 day ago,"The headquarters of the European Energy Exchange (EEX)  world's biggest online power trading platform is pictured during evening light in a centre-of-town high-rise office building in Leipzig  Germany April 25  2021. REUTERS/Annegret HilseFRANKFURT  April 4 (Reuters) - The European Energy Exchange (DB1Gn.DE) on Monday cautioned against policymakers interfering in the price setting role of energy bourses as Russia's invasion of Ukraine plays havoc with European fuel markets.Amid soaring gas prices  the European Commission has to reconcile calls for joint gas buying  storage and retail pricing strategies with the need to safeguard the liberalised and competitive state of the market and the functioning of demand and supply signals. read moreProposals to interfere with the price formation process  as currently put forward by some European Union member states  should be treated with the ""highest caution""  the EEX  part of Deutsche Boerse  said in a communication reflecting discussions in its council for rules and regulations.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterThe executive of the EU bloc is working closely with member states to prepare for any gas shortages after Germany and Austria declared an ""early warning"" following policymakers' rejection of Moscow's demand that foreign buyers pay with roubles.""Shutting down exchanges  limiting certain trading strategies or capping wholesale market prices would not change the market’s valuation of the underlying commodity "" said the EEX.""If market price formation at exchanges was restricted  market participants would move away from transparent trading venues to unsecured and non-transparent ways of trading "" it added.No EU country has yet raised an alarm it is facing a supply emergency. read moreEEX also said that as a consequence of the volatile market environment in power and gas  trade margins that must be deposited with its clearing house  ECC  have increased significantly  which poses a challenge for trading participants. read moreIn light of the situation  the ECC was allowing carbon emissions allowances (EUAs) as collateral for margin requirements  and had reduced minimum holding periods before deposited EUAs become eligible as margin credits  it said.Register now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com RegisterReporting by Vera Eckert  editing by Kirsten DonovanOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.",neutral,0.04,0.53,0.43,negative,0.02,0.18,0.8,True,English,"['market forces', 'energy price', 'EEX', 'interference', 'The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles', 'biggest online power trading platform', 'town high-rise office building', 'joint gas buying, storage', 'The European Energy Exchange', 'European Union member states', 'European fuel markets', 'price setting role', 'price formation process', 'FREE unlimited access', 'carbon emissions allowances', 'minimum holding periods', 'Reuters.com Register', 'transparent trading venues', 'soaring gas prices', 'retail pricing strategies', 'wholesale market prices', 'market price formation', 'volatile market environment', 'European Commission', 'trading strategies', 'energy bourses', 'trading participants', 'gas shortages', 'market participants', 'Annegret Hilse', 'DB1Gn.DE', 'competitive state', 'supply signals', 'highest caution', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'EU bloc', 'foreign buyers', 'underlying commodity', 'non-transparent ways', 'EU country', 'supply emergency', 'trade margins', 'clearing house', 'margin requirements', 'margin credits', 'Vera Eckert', 'Kirsten Donovan', 'evening light', ""policymakers' rejection"", 'headquarters', 'EEX', 'world', 'centre', 'Leipzig', 'Germany', 'FRANKFURT', 'April', 'Monday', 'Russia', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'havoc', 'calls', 'need', 'liberalised', 'functioning', 'demand', 'Proposals', 'communication', 'discussions', 'council', 'rules', 'regulations', 'executive', 'Austria', 'Moscow', 'roubles', 'exchanges', 'valuation', 'unsecured', 'alarm', 'consequence', 'ECC', 'challenge', 'situation', 'EUAs', 'collateral', 'Reporting', 'Standards']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,reuters.com
2207,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.etfstream.com/news/vaneck-launches-algorand-terra-and-ftx-crypto-etns/,VanEck launches algorand  terra and FTX crypto ETNs,1 day ago,VanEck launches algorand  terra and FTX crypto ETNsVanEck has launched three crypto exchange-traded notes (ETNs) offering exposure to algorand  terra and FTX cryptocurrencies.The VanEck Algorand (VGND) VanEck Terra ETN (VLNA) and VanEck FTX ETN (VFTX) will list on the Deutsche Boerse on Tuesday with total expense ratios (TERs) of 1.5%.The VanEck Avalanche ETN (VAVA) and VanEck Polygon ETN (VPOL) will also list on the German exchange with the same fee  having previously listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange.The ETPs track indices for their respective digital assets provided by MVIS  VanEck’s in-house indexing arm.Algorand was founded in 2017 with a consensus algorithm based on a proof-of-stake blockchain and Byzantine agreement protocol. Its platform supports smart contracts and its native cryptocurrency  ALGO.Terra was created by Terraform labs in 2018 and based on a proof-of-stake blockchain  it is the world’s second-largest decentralised finance (DeFi) protocol after ethereum  with a market cap of $29.8bn.VFTX will be the world’s first exchange-traded product to track the FTX token  the native token of FTX  which is a cryptocurrency derivatives exchange offering futures  leveraged tokens and over-the-counter trading.Martijn Rozemuller (pictured)  CEO at VanEck Europe  commented: “As the top dog in the crypto market  the bitcoin ETN is a core part of our line-up. However  younger platforms in particular offer many advantages  such as lower transaction costs or faster processes.“In addition  cryptocurrencies are a good way to diversify one's portfolio due to their low correlation to other asset classes.“But the market continues to be in flux: There are now more than 10 000 different cryptocurrencies  and no one knows which networks will be the most important in ten years.”The arrival of these three ETNs takes VanEck’s crypto offering to 10 strategies following the launch of polygon and avalanche ETNs last December and polkadot  solana and tron ETNs last September.Related articles,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,positive,0.87,0.1,0.04,True,English,"['FTX crypto ETNs', 'VanEck', 'algorand', 'terra', 'three crypto exchange-traded notes', 'The VanEck Avalanche ETN', 'FTX crypto ETNs VanEck', 'first exchange-traded product', 'total expense ratios', 'respective digital assets', 'house indexing arm', 'largest decentralised finance', 'lower transaction costs', 'other asset classes', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'Byzantine agreement protocol', 'cryptocurrency derivatives exchange', 'VanEck FTX ETN', 'VanEck Polygon ETN', 'The VanEck Algorand', 'VanEck Terra ETN', 'three ETNs', 'avalanche ETNs', 'The ETPs', 'bitcoin ETN', 'crypto offering', 'crypto market', 'German exchange', 'native cryptocurrency', 'DeFi) protocol', 'VanEck Europe', 'FTX token', 'tron ETNs', 'FTX cryptocurrencies', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'same fee', 'consensus algorithm', 'smart contracts', 'Terraform labs', 'native token', 'counter trading', 'Martijn Rozemuller', 'top dog', 'core part', 'younger platforms', 'many advantages', 'faster processes', 'good way', 'low correlation', 'ten years', 'Related articles', 'market cap', '10,000 different cryptocurrencies', 'stake blockchain', 'exposure', 'VGND', 'VLNA', 'VFTX', 'Tuesday', 'TERs', 'VAVA', 'VPOL', 'indices', 'MVIS', 'proof', 'world', 'ethereum', 'futures', 'tokens', 'CEO', 'line-up', 'addition', 'portfolio', 'flux', 'one', 'networks', 'arrival', '10 strategies', 'launch', 'polkadot', 'solana']",2022-01-17,2022-04-05,etfstream.com
2210,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The #VanEck #Algorand (VGND) VanEck Terra ETN (VLNA) and VanEck FTX ETN (VFTX) will list on the Deutsche Boerse on… https://t.co/HskKTazHLO,nan,The #VanEck #Algorand (VGND) VanEck Terra ETN (VLNA) and VanEck FTX ETN (VFTX) will list on the Deutsche Boerse on… https://t.co/HskKTazHLO,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,True,English,"['The #VanEck #Algorand', 'VanEck Terra ETN', 'VanEck FTX ETN', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'VGND', 'VLNA', 'VFTX', 'HskKTazHLO', 'The #VanEck #Algorand', 'VanEck Terra ETN', 'VanEck FTX ETN', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'VGND', 'VLNA', 'VFTX', 'HskKTazHLO']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,Unknown
2211,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,The cash markets of Deutsche Börse generated a turnover of €250.5 billion in March  the integrated financial servic… https://t.co/kGa8Zq4GvH,nan,The cash markets of Deutsche Börse generated a turnover of €250.5 billion in March  the integrated financial servic… https://t.co/kGa8Zq4GvH,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'integrated financial servic', 'cash markets', 'turnover', 'March', 'kGa8Zq4GvH', 'Deutsche Börse', 'integrated financial servic', 'cash markets', 'turnover', 'March', 'kGa8Zq4GvH']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,Unknown
2212,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/combined-general-meeting-april-19-050000712.html,Combined General Meeting of April 19  2022: Availability of preparatory documents,Combined General Meeting of April 19  2022: Availability of preparatory documents Paris  France  April 4  2022 – 07:00 CET– Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth...,Pixium VisionCombined General Meeting of April 19  2022: Availability of preparatory documentsParis  France  April 4  2022 – 07:00 CET– Pixium Vision SA (Euronext Growth Paris - FR0011950641)  a bioelectronics company that develops innovative bionic vision systems to enable patients who have lost their sight to live more independent lives  announces today that the prior notice of the Combined General Meeting containing the agenda  the draft resolutions presented by the Board of Directors for agreement by the shareholders was published in the BALO n°31 (Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires) on March 14  2022 and the convening notice that was published in the BALO n°39 on April 1  2022 as well as in the Affiches Parisiennes (legal newspapers).As of today the information regarding the Combined General Meeting mentioned in article R. 22-10-23 of the French commercial Code can be found on the Company’s website www.pixium-vision.com  under «Investors»  « Shareholder’s General Meeting”.The documents and information mentioned in articles R.225-81 and R.225-83 of the French commercial Code can be sent to shareholders upon request to the Company.Shareholders will also be able to consult the documents at the Company’s registered office located in Paris (75012)  74  rue du Faubourg Saint Antoine  during 15 days prior to the Combined General MeetingAbout Pixium VisionPixium Vision is creating a world of bionic vision for those who have lost their sight  enabling them to regain visual perception and greater autonomy. Pixium Vision’s bionic vision systems are associated with a surgical intervention and a rehabilitation period. Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant is in clinical testing for patients who have lost their sight due to outer retinal degeneration  initially for atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration (dry AMD). Pixium Vision collaborates closely with academic and research partners  including some of the most prestigious vision research institutions in the world  such as Institut de la Vision in Paris  Moorfields Eye Hospital in London  Institute of Ocular Microsurgery (IMO) in Barcelona  University hospital in Bonn  and UPMC in Pittsburgh  PA. The company is EN ISO 13485 certified and qualifies as “Entreprise Innovante” by Bpifrance.Story continuesForward-Looking Statements. This press release contains certain forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For a discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the Company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risques”) section of the Company’s 2021 Half-Year Financial Report and other documents the Company files with the AMF  which is available on the AMF website (www.amf- france.org) or on the Company’s website.For more information: http://www.pixium-vision.com/frFollow us on @PixiumVision ; www.facebook.com/pixiumvisionwww.linkedin.com/company/pixium-visionContactsPixium VisionOffer NonhoffChief Financial Officerinvestors@pixium-vision.com+33 1 76 21 47 68 Media RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsSophie Baumontsophie@lifesciadvisors.com+33 6 27 74 74 49 Investor RelationsLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van Renterghemgvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.com+41 76 735 01 31* CAUTION - Investigational device. Limited by United States law to investigational use.Attachment,neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,mixed,0.16,0.32,0.52,True,English,"['Combined General Meeting', 'preparatory documents', 'April', 'Availability', 'Prima System sub-retinal miniature photovoltaic wireless implant', 'Bulletin des Annonces Légales Obligatoires', 'rue du Faubourg Saint Antoine', 'atrophic dry age-related macular degeneration', 'Institut de la Vision', 'prestigious vision research institutions', 'innovative bionic vision systems', '07:00 CET– Pixium Vision SA', 'outer retinal degeneration', 'Facteurs de Risques', 'French commercial Code', 'Guillaume van Renterghem', 'United States law', '2021 Half-Year Financial Report', 'Chief Financial Officer', 'Combined General Meeting', 'Moorfields Eye Hospital', 'amf- france.org', 'Pixium Vision Offer', 'Euronext Growth Paris', 'forward looking statements', 'dry AMD', 'research partners', 'financial condition', 'University hospital', 'Forward-Looking Statements', 'independent lives', 'prior notice', 'draft resolutions', 'BALO n°', 'convening notice', 'Affiches Parisiennes', 'legal newspapers', 'article R.', 'registered office', 'visual perception', 'greater autonomy', 'surgical intervention', 'rehabilitation period', 'clinical testing', 'Ocular Microsurgery', 'EN ISO', 'press release', 'reasonable assumptions', 'actual results', 'Risk Factors', 'Media Relations', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'Investor Relations', 'Investigational device', 'investigational use', 'preparatory documents', 'numerous risks', 'other documents', 'Sophie Baumont', 'bioelectronics company', 'AMF website', 'April', 'Availability', 'patients', 'sight', 'agenda', 'Board', 'Directors', 'agreement', 'shareholders', 'March', 'today', 'information', 'pixium-vision', 'Investors', 'articles', 'request', '15 days', 'world', 'academic', 'London', 'Institute', 'IMO', 'Barcelona', 'Bonn', 'UPMC', 'Pittsburgh', 'Entreprise', 'Bpifrance', 'Story', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'discussion', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'PixiumVision', 'Contacts', 'Nonhoff', 'lifesciadvisors', 'gvanrenterghem', 'CAUTION', 'Attachment', '41']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2213,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/company-announcement-7-2022-072500125.html,Company Announcement 7/2022,4 April 2022. NOTICE TO CONVENE the Annual General Meeting of Nordic Shipholding A/S The Board of Directors hereby convenes the Annual General Meeting of...,Nordic Shipholding A/S4 April 2022.NOTICE TO CONVENE the Annual General Meeting of Nordic Shipholding A/SThe Board of Directors hereby convenes the Annual General Meeting of Nordic Shipholding A/S (CVR no. 76 35 17 16) (the “Company”) to be held onTuesday  26 April 2022  at 2:00 p.m. (CEST)Gorrissen Federspiel  Axel Towers  Axeltorv 2DK-1609 Copenhagen VAgenda:Board of Director’s report on the financial year 2021 Statement on the capital losses  cf. section 119 of the Danish Companies Act Presentation of the annual report 2021 for adoption Grant of discharge to members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management Resolution on the application of the result of the year Presentation of the remuneration report 2021 Approval of the remuneration of the Board of Directors for 2022 Election of members to the Board of Directors Appointment of auditors Proposal from the Board of Directors regarding increase and extension of authorisation to the Board of Directors to increase the Company’s share capital Proposal from the Board of Directors regarding acquisition of treasury shares Any other businessComplete proposalsItem 1 – Board of Directors’ report on the financial year 2021The Board of Directors’ report on the financial year 2021 will be presented at the Annual General Meeting  including an account of the loss of capital  as further described in company announcement no. 3/2021.Item 2 – Presentation of the annual report 2021 for adoptionThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting adopts the Company’s annual report for 2021  including the remuneration paid to the Board of Directors for 2021.Item 3 – Grant of discharge to members of the Board of Directors and Executive ManagementThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting grants discharge to members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Management.Item 4 – Resolution on the application of the result of the yearThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting approves the Board of Directors’ proposal on application of the result of the year as stated in the annual report for 2021. The result for the financial year 2021 will be allocated to retained earnings.Story continuesItem 5 – Presentation of the remuneration report 2021The Company has prepared a remuneration report for the financial year 2021  which is presented to the general meeting. The remuneration report 2021 has been prepared in compliance with applicable rules with a view to further enhance the transparency of the remuneration reporting. The report covers remuneration awarded or due during the financial year 2021 to the Company’s Board of Directors and Executive Management.The remuneration report 2021 is enclosed as appendix 1 and is available on the Company’s website  www.nordicshipholding.com.Item 6 – Approval of the remuneration of the Board of Directors for 2022The Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting approves the following unchanged remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors for the financial year 2022:Chairman of the Board of Directors: DKK 240 000.Other members of the Board of Directors: DKK 175 000As in previous years the board members Jon Lewis  Kanak Kapur and Philip Clausius had waived their remuneration as in previous years.Item 7 – Election of members to the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes re-election of Esben Poulsson (Chairman)  Jon Lewis (Deputy Chairman)  Kanak Kapur  and Philip Clausius to the Board of Directors.A description of the background of and offices held by each candidate is enclosed as appendix 2 and is also available at the Company’s website  www.nordicshipholding.com.Item 8 – Appointment of auditorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Company’s current auditor  PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab  be re-elected.Due to a statutory requirement  an audit tender was conducted before the next Annual General Meeting in 2022. The selection procedure has been conducted in accordance with Article 16 of the EU Auditor Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 537/2014).The Board of Directors has assessed four audit firms in connection with the selection process. Following this assessment  the Board of Directors proposes the re-election of PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab as auditor at the annual general meeting in 2022. The Board of Directors maintains its recommendation and preference for the election of PricewaterhouseCoopers as auditor.The Board of Directors confirms that the proposal has not been influenced by third parties nor subject to any contractual obligation restricting the general meeting’s choice of certain auditors or audit firms.Item 9 – Proposal from the Board of Directors regarding increase and extension of authorisation to the Board of Directors to increase the Company’s share capitalThe Board of Directors’ current authorisation in Article 4.1.2 of the Articles of Association to increase the share capital expires on 25 April 2024.The Board of Directors continues to consider it relevant to ensure the flexibility in the capital structure of the Company provided by the authorisation in the current Article 4.1.2. Therefore  the Board of Directors proposes to extend the authorisation for a period of 5 years until 25 April 2027 and to increase the maximum share capital increase to 100% of the total share capital for the authorisation under the current Article 4.1.2.The current Article 4.1.2  subject to adoption of the proposal  will be worded as follows:“The Company's Board of Directors is authorised to increase the Company's share capital in one or more issues by up to a total nominal amount of DKK 40 615 840.30 without pre-emptive subscription rights for the Company's existing shareholders. The authorisation is effective until 25 April 2027. The capital increases may be paid in by cash contribution  non-cash contribution and/or by conversion of debt. The capital increase must be implemented at or above market price.”Item 10 – Proposal from the Board of Directors regarding acquisition of treasury sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting authorises the Board of Directors until the annual general meeting in 2025 to acquire treasury shares of up to 25% of the total share capital at the time of the authorisation. The re-purchase price will be set by Board of Directors at a price between DKK 0.01 and DKK 1.00.--o0o--Adoption requirementsItem no. 9 may be adopted by at least 90% of the votes cast and 90% of the share capital represented. All other proposals may be adopted by a simple majority of votes.Share capital and shareholders’ voting rightsThe Company’s share capital amounts to nominally DKK 40 615 840.30 divided into 406 158 403 shares of nominally DKK 0.10. Each share of nominally DKK 0.10 carries one vote.The record date is Tuesday   1 9 April 202 2 .Shareholders holding shares in the Company on the record date  have the right to participate in and vote at the Annual General Meeting. The shares held by the shareholder are calculated on the record date on the basis of entries in the share register and notifications of ownership received by the Company for the purpose of entering into the share register. Furthermore  participation is conditional upon the shareholder obtaining an admission card in time as described below.Admission cardsShareholders wishing to participate in the Annual General Meeting must request an admission card.Admission cards may be obtained through Euronext Securities’ website  www.vp.dk/agm. Furthermore  admission cards may be obtained by contacting Euronext Securities  by telephone +45 43 58 88 66  by email: vp_investor@euronext.com  or by written enquiry to Euronext Securities  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8   DK-1402 Copenhagen  by using the form available for download on Nordic Shipholding A/S’ website  www.nordicshipholding.com.Requests for admission cards must be submitted so they are received by Euronext Securities no later than Friday  22 April 2022.ProxyShareholders unable to attend the Annual General Meeting may issue a proxy to the Board of Directors or a third party. Proxies may be granted electronically at Euronext Securities’ website  www.vp.dk/agm. Furthermore  a proxy may be granted in writing by using the proxy form available for download on Nordic Shipholding A/S’ website  www.nordicshipholding.com. The signed form may be submitted to Euronext Securities  at Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8   DK-1402 Copenhagen  or email: vp_investor@euronext.com.Proxies must be must be submitted so they are received by Euronext Securities no later than Monday  22 April 2022.Postal votingShareholders unable to attend the Annual General Meeting may submit their votes by correspondence (i.e. postal vote). Postal votes may be submitted electronically via Euronext Securities’ website www.vp.dk/agm. Furthermore  a postal vote may be submitted in writing by using the postal vote form available for download on Nordic Shipholding A/S’ website  www.nordicshipholding.com. The signed postal vote form may be submitted to Euronext Securities  at Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8   DK-1402 Copenhagen  or email: vp_investor@euronext.com.Postal votes must be submitted so they are received by the Euronext Securities no later than Monday 25 April 2022  at 12:00 noon (CET).Additional informationUntil and including the day of the Annual General Meeting  additional information regarding the Annual General Meeting will be available on the Company’s website  www.nordicshipholding.com including the notice with agenda  complete proposals and appendix 1 (remuneration report 2021) and appendix 2 (CV)  the annual report for 2021 and information on the total number of shares and voting rights on the date of the notice to convene.Questions from the shareholders prior to the Annual General MeetingShareholders may ask questions to the agenda or to documents  etc. to be used at the Annual General Meeting by email: info@nordicshipholding.com.Personal dataFor further information on how the Company collects and processes personal data  reference is made to the Company’s website www.nordicshipholding.com  where information on the Company’s policy on treatment of  and information regarding the protection of personal data is available.RefreshmentsNo refreshments will be served at the Annual General Meeting.Copenhagen  4 April 2022Board of DirectorsAttachments,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.29,0.28,0.43,True,English,"['Company Announcement', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Nordic Shipholding A', '09 Copenhagen V Agenda', 'Danish Companies Act', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab', 'four audit firms', 'Executive Management Resolution', 'share capital Proposal', 'EU Auditor Regulation', 'annual report', 'audit tender', 'Gorrissen Federspiel', 'Axel Towers', 'capital losses', 'treasury shares', 'other business', 'Complete proposals', 'applicable rules', 'previous years', 'Jon Lewis', 'Kanak Kapur', 'Philip Clausius', 'Esben Poulsson', 'statutory requirement', 'selection procedure', 'selection process', 'third parties', 'contractual obligation', 'current auditor', 'financial year', 'remuneration reporting', 'unchanged remuneration', 'Deputy Chairman', 'current authorisation', 'Other members', 'company announcement', 'The Company', 'The Board', 'Directors’ report', 'Directors’ proposal', 'board members', '4 April', 'NOTICE', 'CVR', 'Tuesday', '26 April', 'CEST', 'Axeltorv', 'DK', 'section', 'Presentation', 'adoption', 'Grant', 'discharge', 'application', 'result', 'Approval', '2022 Election', 'Appointment', 'auditors', 'increase', 'extension', 'acquisition', 'Item', 'account', 'earnings', 'Story', 'compliance', 'view', 'transparency', 'appendix', 'website', 'nordicshipholding', 'description', 'background', 'offices', 'candidate', 'accordance', 'Article', 'connection', 'assessment', 'recommendation', 'preference', 'choice', 'Association', '25 April', '2:00']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2214,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/unibail-rodamco-westfield-sell-gera-053000895.html,Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield to sell Gera Arcaden in Germany for €116 Mn,Paris  Amsterdam  April 4  2022 Press release Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield to sell Gera Arcaden in Germany for €116 Mn Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield (URW) today...,Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SEParis  Amsterdam  April 4  2022Press releaseUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield to sell Gera Arcaden in Germany for €116 MnUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield (URW) today announces an agreement with an institutional investor for the sale of Gera Arcaden  in Germany  for an agreed Total Acquisition Cost of €116 Mn (at 100%  URW share 51%)  which represents a premium to the last appraised value.The transaction is expected to complete in Q2-2022  subject to standard closing conditions.Gera Arcaden is an 38 300 sqm shopping centre  including offices  located in the city centre of Gera.URW also entered into a management contract and will continue the asset and property management of the centre through its German third-party asset management business.For further information  please contact :Investor RelationsMaarten Otte+33 7 63 86 88 78Maarten.Otte@urw.comMedia RelationsCornelia Schnepf – Finelk+44 7387 108 998Cornelia.Schnepf@finelk.euAbout Unibail-Rodamco-WestfieldUnibail-Rodamco-Westfield is the premier global developer and operator of Flagship Destinations  with a portfolio valued at €54.5 Bn as at December 31  2021  of which 86% in retail  6% in offices  5% in convention & exhibition venues and 2% in services. Currently  the Group owns and operates 85 shopping centres  including 53 Flagships in the most dynamic cities in Europe and the United States. Present on two continents and in 12 countries  Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield provides a unique platform for retailers and brand events and offers an exceptional and constantly renewed experience for customers.With the support of its 2 800 professionals and an unparalleled track-record and know-how  Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield is ideally positioned to generate superior value and develop world-class projects.Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield distinguishes itself by its Better Places 2030 agenda  that sets its ambition to create better places that respect the highest environmental standards and contribute to better cities.Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield stapled shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Paris (Euronext ticker: URW)  with a secondary listing in Australia through Chess Depositary Interests. The Group benefits from a BBB+ rating from Standard & Poor’s and from a Baa2 rating from Moody’s.Story continuesFor more information  please visit www.urw.comVisit our Media Library at https://mediacentre.urw.comFollow the Group updates on Twitter @urw_group  Linkedin @Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield and InstagramAttachment,neutral,0.02,0.95,0.04,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Gera Arcaden', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield', 'Germany', 'German third-party asset management business', 'Total Acquisition Cost', 'premier global developer', 'highest environmental standards', 'Chess Depositary Interests', 'last appraised value', 'standard closing conditions', '38,300 sqm shopping centre', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield stapled shares', 'Better Places 2030 agenda', 'management contract', 'property management', '85 shopping centres', 'superior value', 'Standard & Poor', 'Press release', 'institutional investor', 'city centre', 'Investor Relations', 'Media Relations', 'Cornelia Schnepf', 'Cornelia.Schnepf', 'Flagship Destinations', 'exhibition venues', 'United States', 'two continents', 'unique platform', 'brand events', 'unparalleled track-record', 'world-class projects', 'Euronext ticker', 'secondary listing', 'BBB+ rating', 'Baa2 rating', 'Media Library', 'Instagram Attachment', 'Gera Arcaden', 'The Group', 'Group updates', 'dynamic cities', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext Paris', 'Unibail-Rodamco-Westfield SE', 'URW share', 'Maarten Otte', 'April', 'Germany', 'agreement', 'sale', 'premium', 'transaction', 'Q2-20', 'offices', 'information', 'Finelk', 'operator', 'portfolio', 'December', 'retail', 'convention', 'services', '53 Flagships', 'Europe', '12 countries', 'exceptional', 'experience', 'customers', 'support', '2,800 professionals', 'know-how', 'ambition', 'Australia', 'Moody', 'Story', 'mediacentre', 'Twitter', 'urw_group', 'Linkedin']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2215,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/acquisition-100-generix-group-portugal-060000673.html,Acquisition of 100% of Generix Group Portugal,PRESS RELEASE Paris  April 4  2022 Acquisition of 100% of Generix Group Portugal Generix Group  Industrial  Logistics and Retail Ecosystems provider with...,"Generix GroupPRESS RELEASEParis  April 4  2022Acquisition of 100% of Generix Group PortugalGenerix Group  Industrial  Logistics and Retail Ecosystems provider with leading Collaborative SaaS Solutions  announces that it has acquired 100% of its subsidiary Generix Group Portugal.On March 31  2022  Generix Group acquired the 50% stake in its subsidiary Generix Group Portugal that was previously held mainly by the founding manager  thus increasing the company's stake in this subsidiary to 100%.The outgoing manager will accompany this long-planned move as part of a transition period that will ensure optimal operating continuity.Commenting on this acquisition  Jean-Charles Deconninck  Chairman of the Board  said: ""Generix Group Portugal has been growing its business for the past 15 years thanks to its strong reputation in the B2B Integration markets (EDI  electronic invoicing) and to its development in recent years in the Supply Chain Execution market. This operation  in line with the Group's international development strategy  anchors it in a key territory where it has also set up a European Shared Services Center since 2018.""About Generix GroupGenerix Group is a Collaborative Supply Chain expert present in 60 countries  thanks to its subsidiaries and network of partners. More than 6 000 companies around the world use its SaaS solutions. The group’s 800 employees provide daily support for such customers as Carrefour  Danone  FM Logistic  Fnac-Darty  Essilor and Ferrero in the digital transformation of their Supply Chain.Its collaborative platform  Generix Supply Chain Hub  helps companies to keep the promises they make to their customers. It combines the capabilities to execute physical flows  digitalize information flows  manage collaborative processes and connect companies to all their partners  in real time.Generix Supply Chain Hub is aimed at all players in the Supply Chain: manufacturers  third- and fourth-party logistics providers (3PL/4PL) and retailers. Founded in France in 1990  the company is listed on the Eurolist market of Euronext Paris  compartment B (ISIN: FR0010501692). To learn more: www.generixgroup.comStory continuesAttachment",neutral,0.03,0.93,0.04,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['Generix Group Portugal', 'Acquisition', 'European Shared Services Center', 'Supply Chain Execution market', 'Collaborative Supply Chain expert', 'Generix Supply Chain Hub', 'leading Collaborative SaaS Solutions', 'subsidiary Generix Group Portugal', 'Retail Ecosystems provider', 'optimal operating continuity', 'B2B Integration markets', 'fourth-party logistics providers', 'international development strategy', 'collaborative platform', 'collaborative processes', 'Eurolist market', 'Industrial, Logistics', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'founding manager', 'outgoing manager', 'transition period', 'Jean-Charles Deconninck', 'past 15 years', 'strong reputation', 'electronic invoicing', 'recent years', 'key territory', 'daily support', 'FM Logistic', 'digital transformation', 'physical flows', 'information flows', 'real time', 'Euronext Paris', 'April', 'Acquisition', 'March', '50% stake', 'company', 'move', 'Chairman', 'Board', 'business', 'EDI', 'operation', 'line', '60 countries', 'subsidiaries', 'network', 'partners', 'More', '6,000 companies', 'world', '800 employees', 'customers', 'Carrefour', 'Danone', 'Fnac-Darty', 'Essilor', 'Ferrero', 'promises', 'capabilities', 'players', 'manufacturers', 'PL/4PL', 'retailers', 'France', 'compartment', 'ISIN', 'generixgroup', 'Story', 'Attachment']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2216,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bic-disclosure-total-number-voting-154500219.html,BIC: Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares forming the capital as of March 31  2022,FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Disclosure of total number of voting rights and number of shares forming the capital as of March 31  2022 Clichy  France – 04 April...,"Societe BICFOR IMMEDIATE RELEASEDisclosure of total number of voting rights andnumber of shares forming the capitalas of March 31  2022Clichy  France – 04 April 2022Article L 233-8-II of the French “Code de Commerce” and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of the French “Autorité des Marchés Financiers”.As of March 31  2022  the total number of issued shares of SOCIÉTÉ BIC is 44 677 929 shares  representing:65 721 553 voting rights 65 278 598 voting rights excluding shares without voting rightsABOUT BICA world leader in stationery  lighters and shavers  BIC brings simplicity and joy to everyday Life. For more than 75 years  the Company has honored the tradition of providing high-quality  affordable  essential products to consumers everywhere. Through this unwavering dedication  BIC has become one of the most recognized brands and is a trademark registered worldwide. Today  BIC products are sold in more than 160 countries around the world and feature iconic brands such as BIC Kids™  BIC FlexTM  BodyMark by BICTM  Cello®  Djeep  Lucky Stationery  Rocketbook  Soleil®  Tipp-Ex®  Us. TM  Wite-Out®  Inkbox and more. In 2021  BIC Net Sales were 1 831.9 million euros. The Company is listed on ""Euronext Paris"" "" is part of the SBF120 and CAC Mid 60 indexes and is recognized for its commitment to sustainable development and education. It received an A- Leadership score from CDP. For more  visit www.bic.com or follow us on LinkedIn  Instagram  Twitter  or YouTube.CONTACTSophie Palliez-CapianVP  Corporate Stakeholder Engagement+33 1 45 19 55 28+ 33 87 89 3351Sophie.palliez@bicworld.comMichèle VenturaSenior Manager  Investor Relations+ 33 1 45 19 52 98Michele.ventura@bicworld.com Albane de La Tour d’ArtaiseSenior Manager  Institutional Press Relations+ 33 1 45 19 51 51+ 33 7 85 88 19 48Albane.DeLaTourDArtaise@bicworld.comIsabelle de SegonzacImage 7+ 33 6 89 87 61 39isegonzac@image7.fr2022 AGENDAALL DATES TO BE CONFIRMEDStory continues1st Quarter 2022 Results April 26  2022 2022 Annual General Meeting 18 May  2022 1st Half 2022 Results August 2  2022 3rd Quarter 2022 Results October 27  2022Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['voting rights', 'total number', 'BIC', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', 'March', 'French “Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'high-quality, affordable, essential products', 'French “Code de', 'CAC Mid 60 indexes', 'A- Leadership score', 'Corporate Stakeholder Engagement', 'Isabelle de Segonzac', '1st Quarter 2022 Results', '1st Half 2022 Results', '3rd Quarter 2022 Results', 'Institutional Press Relations', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Michèle Ventura', 'SOCIÉTÉ BIC', 'BIC Net Sales', 'BIC products', 'General Regulations', 'Investor Relations', 'IMMEDIATE RELEASE', 'voting rights', 'everyday Life', 'unwavering dedication', 'recognized brands', 'iconic brands', 'Euronext Paris', 'sustainable development', 'Senior Manager', 'La Tour', 'Societe BIC', 'BIC Kids™', 'BIC FlexTM', 'bic.com', 'total number', 'world leader', 'Sophie Palliez-Capian', 'Disclosure', 'shares', 'capital', 'Clichy', 'France', '04 April', 'Article', 'Commerce', 'ABOUT', 'stationery', 'lighters', 'shavers', 'simplicity', 'joy', '75 years', 'Company', 'tradition', 'consumers', 'trademark', '160 countries', 'BodyMark', 'BICTM', 'Cello®', 'Djeep', 'Lucky', 'Rocketbook', 'Soleil', 'Tipp', 'Ex®', 'Wite-Out®', 'Inkbox', 'part', 'SBF120', 'commitment', 'education', 'CDP', 'LinkedIn', 'Instagram', 'Twitter', 'YouTube', 'CONTACT', 'VP', 'bicworld', 'Michele', 'Albane', 'Artaise', 'Image', '2022 AGENDA', 'DATES', 'Story', 'August', 'Attachment']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2217,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ferrari-n-v-periodic-report-172300163.html,FERRARI N.V.: PERIODIC REPORT ON THE BUYBACK PROGRAM,Maranello (Italy)  April 4  2022 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the sixth tranche...,Ferrari N.V.Maranello (Italy)  April 4  2022 – Ferrari N.V. (NYSE/EXM: RACE) (“Ferrari” or the “Company”) informs that the Company has purchased  under the sixth tranche of the common share buyback program announced on March 3  2022 (“Sixth Tranche”)  additional common shares - reported in aggregate form  on a daily basis - on Euronext Milan (EXM) as follows:TradingDate(dd/mm/yyyy)Stock ExchangeNumber of common shares purchasedAverage price per shareexcluding fees(€)Consideration excluding fees(€)28/03/2022 EXM 4 213 194.7084 820 306.50 29/03/2022 EXM 6 358 197.5759 1 256 187.40 30/03/2022 EXM 7 300 199.5787 1 456 924.55 31/03/2022 EXM 6 586 200.2408 1 318 785.75 01/04/2022 EXM 8 246 199.2627 1 643 120.05Total- 32 703 198.6155 6 495 324.25(*) translated at the European Central Bank EUR/USD exchange reference rate as of the date of each purchaseSince the announcement of the Sixth Tranche of the buyback program dated March 3  2022 till April 1  2022  the total invested consideration has been:Euro 32 314 842.55 for No. 175 175 common shares purchased on the EXMUSD 9 990 538.84 (Euro 9 133 362.89*) for No. 52 571 common shares purchased on the NYSE.As of April 1  2022  the Company held in treasury No. 10 655 951 common shares equal to 4.14% of the total issued share capital including the common shares and the special voting shares  net of shares assigned under the Company’s equity incentive plan.Since January 1  2019 until April 1  2022  the Company has purchased a total of 5 536 233 own common shares on EXM and NYSE  excluding transactions for Sell to Cover  for a total consideration of Euro 844 868 771.99.A comprehensive overview of the transactions carried out under the buyback program  as well as the details of the above transactions  are available on Ferrari’s corporate website under the Buyback Programs section ( https://www.ferrari.com/en-EN/corporate/buyback-programs ).Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,neutral,0.03,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['FERRARI N.V.', 'PERIODIC REPORT', 'BUYBACK PROGRAM', 'THE', 'EUR/USD exchange reference rate', 'Ferrari N.V. Maranello', 'common share buyback program', 'European Central Bank', 'equity incentive plan', 'Buyback Programs section', 'special voting shares', 'additional common shares', 'No. 175,175 common shares', 'No. 52,571 common shares', 'Stock Exchange', '655,951 common shares', 'treasury No.', 'share capital', 'sixth tranche', 'aggregate form', 'daily basis', 'Euronext Milan', 'Average price', 'comprehensive overview', 'Trading Date', 'corporate website', 'total consideration', 'Italy', 'April', 'NYSE/EXM', 'RACE', 'Company', 'March', 'Number', 'fees', 'purchase', 'announcement', 'January', 'transactions', 'Sell', 'Cover', 'details', 'buyback-programs', 'Attachment', '22', '10', '5,536', '233']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2218,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/cegedim-release-2021-universal-registration-154500211.html,Cegedim: Release of its 2021 Universal Registration Document,PRESS RELEASE Financial Information Cegedim: Release of its 2021 Universal Registration Document Boulogne-Billancourt  April 4  2022 Cegedim  an innovative...,Cegedim SAPRESS RELEASEFinancial InformationCegedim: Release of its2021 Universal Registration DocumentBoulogne-Billancourt  April 4  2022Cegedim  an innovative technology and services company  announces that its 2021 Universal Registration Document (in French) has been published in compliance with Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) regulations on April 1st  2022  under the number: D.22-0232. The report is available free of charge:At the company headquarters Cegedim  Financial Department  137 rue d’Aguesseau  92100 Boulogne Billancourton its website https://www.cegedim.com/finance/documentation/Pages/reports.aspxon Cegedim IR  the Group’s financial communications app available on iOS and Android To download the app  visit https://www.cegedim.com/finance/profile/Pages/cegedimir.aspx.The English version will be uploaded next week.The 2021 Universal Registration Document includes notably:- The 2021 consolidated financial statements of the Group;‐ The 2021 statutory financial statements of Cegedim S.A.;‐ The related auditors’ reports on the consolidated and the statutory financial statements;‐ The 2021 management report including notably social  societal and environmental information;‐ The Board of Directors’ report on corporate governance;‐ Information regarding internal control and risk management;‐ The draft resolutions submitted to the Shareholders’ Meeting of 17 June 2022;‐ Information concerning fees paid to the Statutory Auditors; and‐ Information on the share buyback programme.Shareholders’ agenda: Q1 2022 revenue – Thursday 28 April 2022About Cegedim:Founded in 1969  Cegedim is an innovative technology and services company in the field of digital data flow management for healthcare ecosystems and B2B  and a business software publisher for healthcare and insurance professionals. Cegedim employs more than 5 600 people in more than 10 countries and generated revenue of €525 million in 2021.Cegedim SA is listed in Paris (EURONEXT: CGM).To learn more  please visit: www.cegedim.frAnd follow Cegedim on Twitter @CegedimGroup  LinkedIn and Facebook.Aude BALLEYDIERCegedimMedia Relationsand Communications ManagerTel.: +33 (0)1 49 09 68 81aude.balleydier@cegedim.fr Jan Eryk UMIASTOWSKICegedimChief Investment andInvestor Relations OfficerTel.: +33 (0)1 49 09 33 36janeryk.umiastowski@cegedim.com Céline PARDO.BecomingMedia RelationsTel.: +33 (0)6 52 08 13 66cegedim@becoming-group.comAttachmentStory continues,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['2021 Universal Registration Document', 'Cegedim', 'Release', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'digital data flow management', 'The 2021 Universal Registration Document', 'share buyback programme', 'business software publisher', 'Céline PARDO', 'Investor Relations Officer', 'Cegedim S.A.', '2021 statutory financial statements', 'Jan Eryk UMIASTOWSKI', '2021 consolidated financial statements', 'related auditors’ reports', 'financial communications app', 'Cegedim Media Relations', 'Statutory Auditors', 'Financial Department', 'risk management', 'Communications Manager', '2021 management report', 'Financial Information', 'innovative technology', 'services company', 'AMF) regulations', 'company headquarters', '92100 Boulogne Billancourt', 'English version', 'The Board', 'corporate governance', 'internal control', 'draft resolutions', 'Shareholders’ Meeting', 'Shareholders’ agenda', 'insurance professionals', 'Chief Investment', 'Directors’ report', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Q1 2022 revenue', 'healthcare ecosystems', 'environmental information', 'Cegedim SA', 'Cegedim IR', 'April 1st', 'Aude BALLEYDIER', 'Boulogne-Billancourt', 'French', 'compliance', 'number', 'charge', '137 rue', 'website', 'finance', 'documentation/Pages', 'Group', 'iOS', 'Android', 'profile', 'cegedimir', 'societal', '17 June', 'fees', 'Thursday', 'field', 'B2B', '5,600 people', '10 countries', 'Paris', 'EURONEXT', 'CGM', 'Twitter', 'LinkedIn', 'Facebook', 'Tel.', 'janeryk', 'Attachment', 'Story', '33']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2219,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/agfa-gevaert-share-buyback-program-154000616.html,Agfa-Gevaert: Share buyback program – regulated information,Mortsel  Belgium – April 4  2022 – 5:40 p.m. CET Within the framework of the share buyback program which was announced in the press release of March 10  2021...,Agfa-GevaertMortsel  Belgium – April 4  2022 – 5:40 p.m. CETWithin the framework of the share buyback program which was announced in the press release of March 10  2021  Agfa-Gevaert NV proceeded with the purchase of own shares on the market of Euronext Brussels.The authorization to acquire own shares was granted to the Board of Directors by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders of May 12  2020.Agfa-Gevaert NV has requested a financial intermediary to repurchaseAgfa-Gevaert shares for a maximum amount of 50 000 000 Euro on its behalf under the terms of an initial discretionary mandate agreement with validity until March 31  2022  effective as from April 1  2021.On March 8  2022  the Board of Directors decided that the 2021 Share Buyback will be extended through March 31  2023 (the ‘Extended Share Buyback Program 2021’).As a result of the decision of the Board of Directors on March 9  2021  the company  by notarial deed dated March 30  2022  cancelled a total of 2 299 218 treasury shares. This decision was taken in accordance with the authorization granted to the Board of Directors by the Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders on May 12  2020. As a consequence  the new number of outstanding shares (denominator) is 158 207 488.On transaction date April 1  2022  the Agfa-Gevaert Group held 235 750 own shares  which represents 0.15% of the total number of shares of the Group.Detailed operations per day:Transaction date Number ofshares Averageprice (€) Minimumprice (€) Maximumprice (€) Totalprice (€) March 28  2022 65 500 3.6569 3.6350 3.6750 239 526.95 March 29  2022 48 543 3.7178 3.6800 3.7400 180 473.17 March 30  2022 60 481 3.6817 3.6450 3.7350 222 672.90 March 31  2022 69 500 3.6591 3.6350 3.6950 254 307.45 April 1  2022 57 226 3.6823 3.6450 3.7000 210 723.30 Total 301 250 3.6770 1 107 703.76Since the beginning of the share buyback program until April 1th  2022  based on the transaction date  the Agfa-Gevaert Group bought 9 779 452 own shares  representing 5.83% of the total outstanding shares on April 1  2021.Story continuesAbout AgfaThe Agfa-Gevaert Group is a leading company in imaging technology and IT solutions with over 150 years of experience. The Group holds four divisions: Radiology Solutions  HealthCare IT  Digital Print & Chemicals and Offset Solutions. They develop  manufacture and market analogue and digital systems for the healthcare sector  for specific industrial applications and for the printing industry. In 2021  the Group realized a turnover of 1 760 million Euro.Contact:Viviane DictusDirector Corporate CommunicationT +32 (0) 3 444 71 24E viviane.dictus@agfa.comJohan JacobsCorporate Press Relations ManagerT +32 (0)3/444 80 15E johan.jacobs@agfa.comAttachment,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.29,0.33,0.37,True,English,"['Share buyback program', 'regulated information', 'Agfa-Gevaert', 'initial discretionary mandate agreement', 'Corporate Press Relations Manager', 'Extended Share Buyback Program', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'specific industrial applications', 'Viviane Dictus Director', 'Transaction date Number', 'The Agfa-Gevaert Group', '2021 Share Buyback', 'total outstanding shares', 'press release', 'Corporate Communication', 'new number', 'total number', 'The Group', 'Agfa-Gevaert NV', 'Euronext Brussels', 'financial intermediary', 'maximum amount', 'notarial deed', 'Detailed operations', 'Average price', 'Minimum price', 'Maximum price', 'Total price', 'imaging technology', 'IT solutions', 'four divisions', 'Radiology Solutions', 'HealthCare IT', 'Digital Print', 'Offset Solutions', 'digital systems', 'healthcare sector', 'printing industry', 'Agfa-Gevaert shares', '2,299,218 treasury shares', 'leading company', '1,760 million Euro', 'April 1th', 'Johan Jacobs', '50,000,000 Euro', 'Mortsel', 'Belgium', 'CET', 'framework', 'March', 'purchase', 'market', 'authorization', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Shareholders', 'May', 'behalf', 'terms', 'validity', 'result', 'decision', 'accordance', 'consequence', 'denominator', 'day', 'beginning', 'Story', '150 years', 'experience', 'Chemicals', 'analogue', 'turnover', 'Contact', 'Attachment', '5:40', '235', '750', '9,779,452', '32']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2220,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/argan-rental-income-growth-7-154500488.html,Argan: Rental income growth of +7% at €41m in the 1st quarter of 2022,Quarterly financial information – Monday 04 April 2021 – 5:45 pm. Rental income growth of +7% at €41m in the 1st quarter of 2022 Rental income (IFRS) at...,ARGANQuarterly financial information – Monday 04 April 2021 – 5:45 pm.Rental income growth of +7% at €41min the 1st quarter of 2022Rental income (IFRS) at March 31  2022 (unaudited figures)€m Financial year 2022 Financial year 2021 Change 1st quarter (Jan.- March) 40.7 38.2 +7%Rental income of €40.7m in the 1st quarter of 2022In the 1st quarter of 2022  ARGAN  the French real estate company specialising in the development and rental of PREMIUM warehouses  recorded rental income of €40.7m  up +7% compared with the same period last year. This strong growth is mainly due to the full-year effect of rents generated by 2021 developments and the delivery of three new projects in 2022.Significant events of the 1st quarter of 2022Since the beginning of this year  ARGAN maintained its growth path with the delivery of three new developments projects  for a total area of 27 000 sq.m:In January  the delivery of a logistics platform of 14 000 sq.m located in Marne-la-Vallée  in Serris  facing A4 highway  leased to two internationals tenants  each one occupying a unit for a firm period of respectively three and nine years.Argan has inaugurated there Aut0nom®  the warehouse producing its own green energy.Aut0nom® hosts a photovoltaic power plant on the roof  coupled with a set of storage batteries  the production of which is intended for self-consumption by tenants. It replaces gas heating with electric air/air heat pumps and generalizes smart LED lighting. Aut0nom® produces more green energy than it consumes for its heating-cooling and lighting.In February  the delivery of a 7 000 sq.m extension of our warehouse in Marne-la-Vallée  in Chanteloup-en-Brie  for its current tenant Arvato Services Heathcare  which extend the total area of the logistics platform to 28 000 sq.m  with a new lease of 6-year firm periodThis extension is equipped with LED lighting including motion sensor and a photovoltaic power plant which produces 440 MWh annually  intended for self-consumption.Story continuesIn March  the delivery of a 6 000 sq.m extension of our 12 000 sq.m warehouse in Marne-la-Vallée  in Croissy-Beaubourg leased since 2000 to L’Oréal. This extension is leased to Intersurgical  with a lease of 9-year firm period.This extension is equipped with LED lighting including motion sensor and a photovoltaic power plant which produces 120 MWh annually  intended for self-consumption.These three developments will be certified BREEAM “very good”.Financial calendar 2022 (Publication of the press release after closing of the stock exchange)4 July: 2 nd quarter sales 202220 July: Half-year results 20223 October: 3rd quarter sales 2022About ArganARGAN is the only French real estate company specialising in the DEVELOPMENT & RENTAL OF PREMIUM WAREHOUSES listed on EURONEXT.As at 31 December 2021  ARGAN’s portfolio amounted to 3.3 million sq.m  comprising approximately 100 warehouses located exclusively in France  valued at €3.75 billion and generating an annualised rental income of €162 million. ARGAN is listed on Compartment A of Euronext Paris (ISIN FR0010481960 - ARG) and is included in the CAC All-Share and IEIF SIIC France indices. The company opted for the listed real estate investment companies (SIICs) tax regime on 01 July 2007. www.argan.frFrancis Albertinelli – Chief Financial and Administrative OfficerStéphane Saatdjian – Investor RelationsTel: +33 1 47 47 05 46E-mail: contact@argan.frwww.argan.frAude Vayre – Media relationsTel: +33 6 14 64 15 65E-mail: argan@citigatedewerogerson.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,positive,0.78,0.18,0.04,True,English,"['Rental income growth', '1st quarter', 'Argan', 'electric air/air heat pumps', 'real estate investment companies', 'French real estate company', 'IEIF SIIC France indices', 'three new developments projects', 'three new projects', 'photovoltaic power plant', 'Arvato Services Heathcare', 'L’Oréal', 'SIICs) tax regime', 'Stéphane Saatdjian', '2 nd quarter sales', '3rd quarter sales', 'Quarterly financial information', '6-year firm period', '9-year firm period', 'two internationals tenants', 'Jan.- March', 'annualised rental income', 'smart LED lighting', '7,000 sq.m extension', '6,000 sq.m extension', 'Rental income growth', '12,000 sq.m warehouse', 'three developments', 'same period', 'new lease', 'strong growth', 'growth path', '1st quarter', 'Financial calendar', 'Chief Financial', 'Monday 04 April', 'unaudited figures', 'full-year effect', 'Significant events', 'total area', 'logistics platform', 'Marne-la-Vallée', 'A4 highway', 'nine years', 'green energy', 'storage batteries', 'gas heating', 'current tenant', 'motion sensor', 'press release', 'stock exchange', 'Half-year results', '3.3 million sq', 'Compartment A', 'CAC All-Share', 'Francis Albertinelli', 'Administrative Officer', 'Investor Relations', 'Aude Vayre', 'Media relations', 'Financial year', 'PREMIUM warehouses', 'Euronext Paris', '2021 developments', '27,000 sq', '14,000 sq', '28,000 sq', '100 warehouses', 'ARGAN', 'IFRS', 'rents', 'delivery', 'beginning', 'January', 'Serris', 'unit', 'Aut0nom®', 'roof', 'set', 'production', 'self-consumption', 'heating-cooling', 'February', 'Brie', '440 MWh', 'Story', 'Croissy-Beaubourg', 'Intersurgical', '120 MWh', 'Publication', 'closing', 'July', '3 October', '31 December', 'portfolio', 'ISIN', 'Tel', 'mail', 'citigatedewerogerson', 'Attachment', '5:45', '2022']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2221,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220404005772/en/Teleperformance-Partners-with-UNICEF-in-Support-of-Child-Education-and-Global-Disaster-Relief,Teleperformance Partners with UNICEF in Support of Child Education and Global Disaster Relief,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News: Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and advanced related services  today announced a US$6 million global partnership with UNICEF to help strengthen ed…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Teleperformance (Paris:TEP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and advanced related services  today announced a US$6 million global partnership with UNICEF to help strengthen education programmes for children in India and the Philippines  and to provide disaster relief around the world. This includes a US$500K donation to support UNICEF delivering life-saving support to children and their families caught up in the war in Ukraine.The partnership  which will run for three years  comes at a time when the world is dealing with this escalating war  emerging from a global pandemic  and suffering extreme weather events that have hit communities  schools  and families around the world.One of the first areas of support in the partnership is to UNICEF’s emergency response in Ukraine  where it is estimated a child becomes a refugee every second - 75 000 children every day. The partnership will also provide relief to those caught up in the aftermath of Typhoon Odette in the Philippines.Additionally  support will be given to UNICEF’s education programmes in India and the Philippines  where Teleperformance has its largest operations  where many children are still missing out on their right to a quality  life-changing education.“For many years  our people have volunteered as a force of good by giving back to the communities where we live and work and trying to make the world a better place for all. Now  we are very proud and humbled to join hands with UNICEF to do even more. Partnering with UNICEF extends our commitment to help meet the needs of vulnerable children and their families ” said Daniel Julien  Chairman and CEO  Teleperformance. “Teleperformance embraces supporting local communities and partnering with UNICEF helps further our mission to provide immediate survival aid in times of emergencies and to improve health and education for children through ongoing programs to help them flourish and reach their full potential.”“At UNICEF we have always recognized the importance of working in partnership with the private sector to tackle some of the biggest challenges facing children. Never has that support been more vital. The war in Ukraine has created a child protection crisis. And with support from partners like Teleperformance we are trying to reach all those children in need of protection and safety with lifesaving supplies and services ” said Carla Haddad Mardini  Director of UNICEF’s Private Fundraising and Partnerships Division in Geneva. “This partnership will also give more children in India and the Philippines an opportunity to access quality  life changing education so they can reach their full potential ” she added.The partnership will help fund educational programs that provide safe  child-friendly learning environments with water and sanitation facilities  train teachers  and provide school supplies to those in need. Overall  it will focus on making a positive difference to local communities  with an emphasis on initiatives that help protect vulnerable children and their families so they can survive and thrive.---------------------------------------------------About Teleperformance GroupTeleperformance (TEP – ISIN: FR0000051807 – Reuters: TEPRF.PA - Bloomberg: TEP FP)  the global leader in outsourced customer and citizen experience management and advanced related services  serves as a strategic partner to the world’s largest companies in many industries. It offers a One Office support services model including end-to-end digital solutions  which guarantee successful customer interaction and optimized business processes  anchored in a unique  comprehensive high touch  high tech approach. Nearly 420 000 employees  based in 88 countries  support billions of connections every year in over 265 languages and around 170 markets  in a shared commitment to excellence as part of the “Simpler  Faster  Safer” process. This mission is supported by the use of reliable  flexible  intelligent technological solutions and compliance with the industry’s highest security and quality standards  based on Corporate Social Responsibility excellence. In 2021  Teleperformance reported consolidated revenue of €7 115 million (US$8.4 billion  based on €1 = $1.18) and net profit of €557 million.Teleperformance shares are traded on the Euronext Paris market  Compartment A  and are eligible for the deferred settlement service. They are included in the following indices: CAC 40  STOXX 600  S&P Europe 350 and MSCI Global Standard. In the area of corporate social responsibility  Teleperformance shares are included in the Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index since 2015  the EURO STOXX 50 ESG index since 2020  the MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index since 2019 and the FTSE4Good index since 2018.For more information: www.teleperformance.com Follow us on Twitter: @teleperformanceAbout UNICEFUNICEF promotes the rights and well-being of every child  in everything it does. Together with its partners  UNICEF works in 190 countries and territories to translate that commitment into practical action  focusing special effort on reaching the most vulnerable and excluded children  to the benefit of all children  everywhere.UNICEF does not endorse any company  brand  product or service.For more information: www.unicef.org,neutral,0.1,0.85,0.05,mixed,0.47,0.21,0.32,True,English,"['Global Disaster Relief', 'Teleperformance Partners', 'Child Education', 'UNICEF', 'Support', 'unique, comprehensive high touch, high tech approach', 'reliable, flexible, intelligent technological solutions', 'MSCI Europe ESG Leaders index', 'One Office support services model', 'safe, child-friendly learning environments', 'Euronext Vigeo Euro 120 index', 'EURO STOXX 50 ESG index', 'Corporate Social Responsibility excellence', 'US$6 million global partnership', 'S&P Europe', 'MSCI Global Standard', 'US$500K donation', 'citizen experience management', 'advanced related services', 'extreme weather events', 'immediate survival aid', 'Carla Haddad Mardini', 'deferred settlement service', 'optimized business processes', 'successful customer interaction', 'life changing education', 'Euronext Paris market', 'quality, life-changing education', 'child protection crisis', 'FTSE4Good index', 'digital solutions', 'global leader', 'global pandemic', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'quality standards', 'outsourced customer', 'education programmes', 'Regulatory News', 'three years', 'first areas', 'emergency response', 'Typhoon Odette', 'largest operations', 'many years', 'Daniel Julien', 'ongoing programs', 'full potential', 'private sector', 'biggest challenges', 'lifesaving supplies', 'Private Fundraising', 'Partnerships Division', 'educational programs', 'sanitation facilities', 'school supplies', 'positive difference', 'strategic partner', 'largest companies', 'many industries', 'Safer” process', 'highest security', 'consolidated revenue', 'net profit', 'Compartment A', 'following indices', 'life-saving support', 'disaster relief', 'local communities', 'escalating war', 'TEP FP', 'many children', 'vulnerable children', 'Teleperformance Group', 'Teleperformance shares', '75,000 children', 'UNICEF', 'India', 'Philippines', 'world', 'families', 'Ukraine', 'time', 'schools', 'refugee', 'aftermath', 'right', 'people', 'force', 'place', 'hands', 'Partnering', 'commitment', 'needs', 'Chairman', 'CEO', 'mission', 'emergencies', 'health', 'importance', 'safety', 'Director', 'Geneva', 'opportunity', 'water', 'teachers', 'emphasis', 'initiatives', 'Reuters', 'TEPRF', 'Bloomberg', '420,000 employees', '88 countries', 'billions', 'connections', '265 languages', '170 markets', 'use', 'compliance', 'industry', 'CAC', 'information', 'Twitter', 'well-being', 'everything', '190 countries', 'territories']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,businesswire.com
2222,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/erytech-present-novel-vesiculation-approach-053000213.html,ERYTECH to Present Novel Vesiculation Approach at the 24th Meeting of the European Red Cell Society,ERYTECH to Present Novel Vesiculation Approach at the 24th Meeting of the European Red Cell Society Oral presentation detailing the feasibility of producing ...,Erytech Pharma S.A.ERYTECH to Present Novel Vesiculation Approachat the 24th Meeting of the European Red Cell SocietyOral presentation detailing the feasibility of producing cargo-loaded extracellular vesicles derived from red blood cells that have been loaded using the ERYCAPS® process  ERYCEVTMCambridge  MA (U.S.) and Lyon (France)  April 04  2022 – ERYTECH Pharma (Nasdaq & Euronext: ERYP)  a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative therapies by encapsulating therapeutic drug substances inside red blood cells (RBC)  today announced the presentation of its novel red blood cell vesiculation technology at the 24th Meeting of the European Red Cell Society (ERCS)  taking place from April 7 to 11  2022 in Gazzada Schianno  Italy.Oral presentation : Evaluation of production methods  characterization and biological activity of RBC-derived extracellular vesicles (RBCEVs) containing active molecules.Date/Time: Saturday  April 9 at 11:30am Local Time during the session “Technology: RBCs as Carriers  cultured RBCs  Blood Banking”RBC-derived extracellular vesicles are formed naturally during senescence and storage of mature RBCs. They are a potentially attractive drug delivery system due to their intrinsic properties: small size  wide range of potential routes of administration  natural targeting to immune cells  lack of nucleic acids  and readily available sourcing of RBC for their production. Vesiculation of RBCs that have already been loaded with active therapeutic compounds utilizing the ERYCAPS® process  entails the potential of producing cargo-loaded RBC-derived extracellular vesicles for the development of novel therapeutic approaches.Françoise Horand  Director of R&D Operations at ERYTECH  commented: “We are delighted to present the work of our team and collaborators at the upcoming ERCS meeting  in particular the opportunity to introduce the ERYCEVTM technology  which leverages our proprietary ERYCAPS® technology in a novel fashion  and allows to produce red blood cell-derived extracellular vesicles  loaded with active ingredients. We are encouraged by the initial results characterizing the in vitro biological activity of these pre-loaded RBCEVs  suggesting potential future application in immune modulation.”Story continuesGil Beyen  CEO of ERYTECH  added: “The results that will be presented at the upcoming ERCS conference underscore the versatility and broad potential of our ERYCAPS® platform. We look forward to discussing further potential development opportunities with the red blood cell community and will look to provide updates on ERYCEV TM as the program advances going forward.”ERYTECH and its researchers will also participate in the Poster session on April 8 to present the Capabilities of the RBC therapeutics platform ERYCAPS®  and in the “RBC Diseases” session on April 10 to present the work conducted with the LIBM academic laboratory (Laboratoire Interuniversitaire de Biologie de la Motricité de Lyon).About ERYTECH and eryaspase (GRASPA®)ERYTECH is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics for severe forms of cancer and orphan diseases. Leveraging its proprietary ERYCAPS® platform  which uses a novel technology to encapsulate drug substances inside red blood cells  ERYTECH is developing a pipeline of product candidates for patients with high unmet medical needs. ERYTECH’s primary focus is on the development of product candidates that target the altered metabolism of cancer cells by depriving them of amino acids necessary for their growth and survival.The Company’s lead product candidate  eryaspase  which consists of L-asparaginase encapsulated inside donor-derived red blood cells  targets the cancer cells’ altered asparagine and glutamine metabolism. The proof of concept of eryaspase as a cancer metabolism agent was established in different trials in acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) and pancreatic cancer. An investigator sponsored Phase 2 trial (IST) evaluating the use of eryaspase in ALL patients who developed hypersensitivity reactions to pegylated asparaginase recently reported positive results  based on which the Company intends to request approval in the United States and potentially other territories. The Company is also pursuing a Phase 1 investigator-sponsored clinical trial in first-line pancreatic cancer.Eryaspase received Fast Track designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of advanced pancreatic cancer and treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) patients who have developed hypersensitivity reactions to E. coli-derived pegylated asparaginase. The FDA and the European Medicines Agency have granted eryaspase orphan drug status for the treatment of pancreatic cancer and ALL.ERYTECH produces its product candidates for treatment of patients in Europe at its GMP-approved manufacturing site in Lyon  France  and for patients in the United States at its GMP manufacturing site in Princeton  New Jersey  USA. Eryaspase is not an approved medicine.ERYTECH is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market in the United States (ticker: ERYP) and on the Euronext regulated market in Paris (ISIN code: FR0011471135  ticker: ERYP). ERYTECH is part of the CAC Healthcare  CAC Pharma & Bio  CAC Mid & Small  CAC All Tradable  EnterNext PEA-PME 150 and Next Biotech indexes.For more information  please visit www.erytech.comCONTACTSERYTECHEric SoyerCFO & COO NewCapMathilde Bohin / Louis-Victor DelouvrierInvestor relationsNicolas MerigeauMedia relations+33 4 78 74 44 38investors@erytech.com+33 1 44 71 94 94erytech@newcap.euForward-looking InformationThis press release contains forward-looking statements including  but not limited to  statements with respect to the clinical development and regulatory plans of eryaspase including the timing of a potential BLA submission to the FDA for the treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia  the Company’s ability to obtain regulatory approval for the treatment of patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia who developed hypersensitivity reactions to PEG-asparaginase  the Company’s ability to extend the indication scope of eryaspase  the Company’s ability for additional funding under the OCABSA financing agreement or other financing attempts  and the Company’s anticipated cash runway. Certain of these statements  forecasts and estimates can be recognized by the use of words such as  without limitation  “believes”  “anticipates”  “expects”  “intends”  “plans”  “seeks”  “estimates”  “may”  “will” and “continue” and similar expressions. Such statements  forecasts and estimates are based on various assumptions and assessments of known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors  which were deemed reasonable when made but may or may not prove to be correct. Actual events are difficult to predict and may depend upon factors that are beyond ERYTECH's control. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline product candidates that the candidates will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. Therefore  actual results and timeline may turn out to be materially different from the anticipated future results  performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements  forecasts and estimates. Further description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in the Company’s regulatory filings with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)  the Company’s Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in the Company’s 2020 Document d’Enregistrement Universel filed with the AMF on March 8  2021 and in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC on March 8  2021 and future filings and reports by the Company. Given these uncertainties  no representations are made as to the accuracy or fairness of such forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates. Furthermore  forward-looking statements  forecasts and estimates only speak as of the date of this press release. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. ERYTECH disclaims any obligation to update any such forward-looking statement  forecast or estimates to reflect any change in ERYTECH’s expectations with regard thereto  or any change in events  conditions or circumstances on which any such statement  forecast or estimate is based  except to the extent required by law. In addition  the COVID-19 pandemic and the associated containment efforts have had a serious adverse impact on the economy  the severity and duration of which are uncertain. Government stabilization efforts will only partially mitigate the consequences. The extent and duration of the impact on the Company’s business and operations is highly uncertain  and that impact includes effects on its clinical trial operations and supply chain. Factors that will influence the impact on the Company’s business and operations include the duration and extent of the pandemic  the extent of imposed or recommended containment and mitigation measures  and the general economic consequences of the pandemic. The pandemic could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business  operations and financial results for an extended period of time.Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.39,0.42,0.19,True,English,"['European Red Cell Society', 'Novel Vesiculation Approach', '24th Meeting', 'ERYTECH', 'novel red blood cell vesiculation technology', 'innovative red blood cell-based therapeutics', 'red blood cell-derived extracellular vesicles', 'red blood cell community', 'European Red Cell Society', 'Laboratoire Interuniversitaire de Biologie', 'high unmet medical needs', 'attractive drug delivery system', 'donor-derived red blood cells', 'cargo-loaded RBC-derived extracellular vesicles', 'Phase 1 investigator-sponsored clinical trial', 'clinical stage biopharmaceutical company', 'E. coli-derived pegylated asparaginase', 'eryaspase orphan drug status', 'Erytech Pharma S.A.', 'cargo-loaded extracellular vesicles', 'European Medicines Agency', 'Novel Vesiculation Approach', 'novel therapeutic approaches', '11:30am Local Time', 'Françoise Horand', 'R&D Operations', 'LIBM academic laboratory', 'acute lymphoblastic leukemia', 'Fast Track designation', 'clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company', 'RBC therapeutics platform', 'therapeutic drug substances', 'U.S. Food', 'active therapeutic compounds', 'upcoming ERCS conference', 'lead product candidate', 'potential future application', 'GMP manufacturing site', 'proprietary ERYCAPS® technology', 'proprietary ERYCAPS® platform', 'first-line pancreatic cancer', 'advanced pancreatic cancer', 'upcoming ERCS meeting', 'cancer metabolism agent', 'potential development opportunities', 'RBC Diseases” session', 'novel technology', 'Phase 2 trial', 'Blood Banking', 'innovative therapies', 'orphan diseases', 'novel fashion', 'cancer cells', 'immune cells', 'Drug Administration', 'The Company', '24th Meeting', 'active molecules', 'active ingredients', 'ERYCEVTM technology', 'product candidates', 'potential routes', 'broad potential', 'ERYCAPS® process', 'Gazzada Schianno', 'biological activity', 'intrinsic properties', 'small size', 'wide range', 'nucleic acids', 'immune modulation', 'Gil Beyen', 'ERYCEV TM', 'Poster session', 'severe forms', 'primary focus', 'amino acids', 'glutamine metabolism', 'different trials', 'hypersensitivity reactions', 'United States', 'other territories', 'New Jersey', 'Oral presentation', 'initial results', 'positive results', 'production methods', 'The FDA', 'mature RBCs', 'feasibility', 'Cambridge', 'Lyon', 'France', 'April', 'Nasdaq', 'Euronext', 'ERYP', 'place', 'Italy', 'Evaluation', 'characterization', 'RBCEVs', 'Date/Time', 'Saturday', 'Carriers', 'senescence', 'storage', 'lack', 'sourcing', 'Director', 'work', 'team', 'collaborators', 'opportunity', 'vitro', 'Story', 'CEO', 'versatility', 'updates', 'program', 'researchers', 'Capabilities', 'Motricité', 'GRASPA', 'pipeline', 'patients', 'growth', 'survival', 'L-asparaginase', 'asparagine', 'proof', 'concept', 'use', 'approval', 'treatment', 'Princeton', 'USA']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2224,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/aramis-group-change-management-team-154000015.html,Aramis Group - Change in the management team of Clicars  Spanish entity of Aramis Group,PRESS RELEASE Arcueil  April 4  2022 Changes in the management team of Clicars  Spanish entity of Aramis Group Appointment of José Carlos del Valle as...,"ARAMIS GROUPPRESS RELEASEArcueil  April 4  2022Changes in the management team of Clicars Spanish entity of Aramis GroupAppointment of José Carlos del Valle as Managing Director in SpainAramis Group today announces the evolution of the management team of its Spanish entity  Clicars.The latter has experienced exponential revenues growth since its acquisition by Aramis Group in 2017 and illustrates the success of sharing best practices within the Group.Carlos Rivera and Pablo Fernandez  the historical co-founders of Clicars  have been involved for several months in putting together a renewed management team  which combines continuity and a fresh look.For their part  they retain a strategic role.José Carlos del Valle  38  becomes the new Managing Director of Clicars. José Carlos joined the company in 2020 as Sales Director to support its hypergrowth. He was in particular able to help implementing best practices in e-commerce  while immersing himself in the Group's culture that always puts the customer's interest at the centre of its actions. José Carlos is a telecommunications engineer with a degree from the Universidad Politécnica de Madrid and an MBA from Harvard Business School. He spent more than six years at Amazon as Head of Delivery Experience  where he gained valuable skills in logistics and customer satisfaction. He previously worked at Samsung and Telefónica.He will be supported in his new role by a management team made up of both long-standing Clicars employees and new profiles. Julien Divay  Clicars' Chief Financial Officer for the past 4 years  replaces José Carlos as Sales Director. He is in turn replaced by María Ares as Chief Financial Officer  who joins the company with 12 years of experience in financial positions at PwC and Ironhack in particular. A new director  Susana Díez  has also recently been recruited for the Villaverde refurbishing centre  near Madrid.The key functions of Marketing and Technology see their respective directors  Alba Manzanero and Iván Velasco  Clicars employees since its inception in 2016  renewed. Likewise  Javier Rodríguez remains Purchasing Director and Mila Cano Human Resources Director.Story continuesCarlos Rivera and Pablo Fernandez commented: ""After a year and a half at Clicars  where he has contributed to the excellent performance of the company  we are confident that José Carlos del Valle  together with the great team of professionals that make up our new management team  will continue to successfully pursue the ambitious goals that the company has set for the future. Clicars' ambition remains to guarantee its customers very high-quality reconditioned vehicles at competitive prices  and to continue to be a benchmark for innovation  local job creation and commitment to the circular economy.""Nicolas Chartier and Guillaume Paoli  co-founders1 of Aramis Group  said for their part: ""We are delighted with these developments within our Spanish entity. José Carlos knows Clicars very well and his work as Sales Director has contributed to the development of the brand and its excellent performance in 2021. He will be able to rely on María  Chief Financial Officer  whom we are delighted to welcome in the Group and whose career and experience  both in large groups and in agile and innovative structures  will be an asset for our success in Spain. The priorities set for Clicars  as for all the other entities of Aramis Group  remain unchanged: to serve our customers in the best possible way  in order to fuel the strong growth of our revenues  by capitalising on the commitment of our employees and our technological and industrial know-how  with a view to sustainable development. José Carlos' expertise in the sector and in e-commerce  coupled with his human and management qualities  make him the ideal leader to accompany Clicars in the pursuit of its strong growth trajectory  while respecting these principles.”***About Aramis GroupAramis Group is a leading European B2C platform to acquire a used car online and brings together four brands: Aramisauto  Cardoen  Clicars and CarSupermarket  in France  Belgium  Spain and the UK respectively.The Group is transforming the used car market and is putting digital technology at the service of customer satisfaction with a fully vertically integrated business model. For the full 2021 fiscal year  Aramis Group generated revenues of €1.36 billion  sold more than 80 000 B2C vehicles  and recorded more than 73 million visits to its websites. At the end of September 2021  the Group had more than 1 800 employees  a network of60 agencies and three industrial refurbishing sites. Aramis Group is listed on compartment A of the Euronext Paris stock exchange (Ticker: ARAMI – ISIN: FR0014003U94). For more information  visit www.aramis.group.Investor contactAlexandre LeroyHead of investor relationsalexandre.leroy@aramis.group+33 (0)6 58 80 50 24Press contactsBrunswickaramisgroup@brunswickgroup.comHugues Boëton +33 (0)6 79 99 27 15Alexia Gachet +33 (0)6 33 06 55 931 Since the IPO of the company in June 2021  Nicolas Chartier is Chairman and CEO of the company  and Guillaume Paoli is Deputy CEO  on a rotation basis every 2 yearsAttachment",neutral,0.02,0.93,0.05,positive,0.78,0.19,0.04,True,English,"['Aramis Group', 'management team', 'Spanish entity', 'Change', 'Clicars', 'Mila Cano Human Resources Director', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'leading European B2C platform', 'three industrial refurbishing sites', 'José Carlos del Valle', ""Clicars' Chief Financial Officer"", 'Universidad Politécnica', 'Susana Díez', 'Iván Velasco', 'Javier Rodríguez', 'local job creation', 'Hugues Boëton', 'Harvard Business School', 'Villaverde refurbishing centre', 'high-quality reconditioned vehicles', 'best possible way', 'strong growth trajectory', 'full 2021 fiscal year', 'investor relations alexandre', 'María Ares', 'new Managing Director', 'exponential revenues growth', 'new management team', 'standing Clicars employees', '80,000 B2C vehicles', 'financial positions', 'industrial know-how', 'new director', 'Carlos Rivera', 'Sales Director', 'Purchasing Director', 'business model', 'Investor contact', 'new role', 'new profiles', 'best practices', 'a half', 'compartment A', 'great team', 'management qualities', 'PRESS RELEASE', 'Spanish entity', 'Pablo Fernandez', 'historical co', 'several months', 'fresh look', 'strategic role', 'telecommunications engineer', 'valuable skills', 'Telefónica', 'Julien Divay', 'key functions', 'respective directors', 'Alba Manzanero', 'excellent performance', 'ambitious goals', 'competitive prices', 'circular economy', 'Nicolas Chartier', 'Guillaume Paoli', 'large groups', 'innovative structures', 'other entities', 'four brands', '73 million visits', 'Alexandre Leroy', 'Press contacts', 'Brunswick aramisgroup', 'Alexia Gachet', 'The Group', 'six years', 'customer satisfaction', 'past 4 years', 'ARAMIS GROUP', 'aramis.group', 'sustainable development', 'car market', 'digital technology', 'Delivery Experience', '1,800 employees', '12 years', 'Arcueil', 'April', 'Changes', 'Appointment', 'Spain', 'evolution', 'latter', 'acquisition', 'success', 'founders', 'continuity', 'company', 'hypergrowth', 'e-commerce', 'culture', 'interest', 'actions', 'degree', 'Madrid', 'MBA', 'Amazon', 'Head', 'logistics', 'Samsung', 'long', 'turn', 'PwC', 'Ironhack', 'Marketing', 'inception', 'Story', 'professionals', 'future', 'ambition', 'customers', 'benchmark', 'innovation', 'commitment', 'developments', 'work', 'career', 'agile', 'asset', 'priorities', 'order', 'technological', 'view', 'expertise', 'sector', 'pursuit', 'principles', 'Aramisauto', 'Cardoen', 'CarSupermarket', 'France', 'Belgium', 'UK', 'service', 'websites', 'end', 'September', '60 agencies', 'Ticker', 'ISIN', 'information', 'brunswickgroup', 'IPO', 'June']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2225,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/bghl-gbp-nav-053000231.html,BGHL (GBP): NAV(s),BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares The Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for...,"BOUSSARD AND GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED (GBP)BOUSSARD & GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITEDOrdinary SharesThe Directors of Boussard & Gavaudan Holding Limited would like to announce the following information for the Company.Close of business 01 Apr 2022.Estimated NAVEuro Shares Sterling Shares Estimated NAV € 28.4983 £ 24.7282 Estimated MTD return 0.15 % 0.15 % Estimated YTD return -2.40 % -2.28 % Estimated ITD return 184.98 % 147.28 %NAV and returns are calculated net of management and performance feesMarket informationEuro Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close € 23.40 N/A Premium/discount to estimated NAV -17.89 % N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam (AEX) London (LSE) Market Close N/A GBX 2 000.00 Premium/discount to estimated NAV N/A -19.12 %Transactions in own securities purchased into treasuryOrdinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/A Range of Price N/A N/ALiquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares Number of shares N/A N/A Average Price N/A N/ABGHL CapitalBGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares Sterling Shares Shares Outstanding 12 316 588 130 254 Held in treasury 64 833 N/A Shares Issued 12 381 421 130 254Estimated BG Fund NAVClass B Euro Shares (estimated) € 246.2507 Class GBP A Shares (estimated) £ 131.6651The Class B Euro Shares of BG Fund are not subject to investment manager fees  as the Investment Manager receives management fees and performance fees in respect of its role as Investment Manager of BGHL.For further information please contact:Boussard & Gavaudan Investment Management  LLP.Emmanuel Gavaudan +44 (0) 20 3751 5389 Email : info@bgam-uk.comThe Company is established as a closed-ended investment company domiciled in Guernsey. The Company has received the necessary approval of the Guernsey Financial Services Commission and the States of Guernsey Policy Council. The Company is registered with the Dutch Authority for the Financial Markets as a collective investment scheme pursuant to article 2:73 in conjunction with 2:66 of the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht). The shares of the Company (the ""Shares"") are listed on Euronext Amsterdam. The Shares are also listed on the Official List of the UK Listing Authority and admitted to trading on the London Stock Exchange plc's main market for listed securities.Story continuesThis is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy any securities in the United States or in any other jurisdiction. This announcement is not intended to and does not constitute  or form part of  any offer or invitation to purchase any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction  nor shall there be any sale  issuance or transfer of the securities referred to in this announcement in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law.Neither the Company nor BG Fund ICAV has been  and neither will be  registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940  as amended (the ""Investment Company Act""). In addition the securities referenced in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the US Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""Securities Act""). Consequently any such securities may not be offered  sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  US persons except in accordance with the Securities Act or an exemption therefrom and under circumstances which will not require the issuer of such securities to register under the Investment Company Act. No public offering of any securities will be made in the United States.You should always bear in mind that:all investment is subject to risk;results in the past are no guarantee of future results;the investment performance of BGHL may go down as well as up. You may not get back all of your original investment; andif you are in any doubt about the contents of this communication or if you consider making an investment decision  you are advised to seek expert financial advice.This communication is for information purposes only and the information contained in this communication should not be relied upon as a substitute for financial or other professional advice.Attachment",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,mixed,0.12,0.31,0.56,True,English,"['BGHL', 'GBP', 'NAV', 'A Liquidity Enhancement Agreement Euro Shares Sterling Shares', 'The Class B Euro Shares', 'GAVAUDAN HOLDING LIMITED Ordinary Shares', 'BGHL Ordinary Shares Euro Shares', 'London Stock Exchange plc', 'N/A Sterling Shares Amsterdam', 'Guernsey Financial Services Commission', 'A N/A Average Price', 'Dutch Financial Supervision Act', 'Sterling Shares Shares', 'Euro Shares Amsterdam', 'US Investment Company Act', 'A N/A Range', 'expert financial advice', 'Guernsey Policy Council', 'collective investment scheme', 'UK Listing Authority', 'other professional advice', 'BG Fund ICAV', 'Gavaudan Investment Management', 'closed-ended investment company', 'US Securities Act', 'A Shares', 'investment manager fees', 'BG Fund NAV', 'The Shares', 'Dutch Authority', 'Emmanuel Gavaudan', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'US persons', 'Financial Markets', 'The Directors', 'The Company', 'investment performance', 'original investment', 'investment decision', 'performance fees', 'BGHL Capital', 'management fees', 'MTD return', 'YTD return', 'ITD return', 'financieel toezicht', 'Official List', 'applicable law', 'public offering', 'other jurisdiction', 'United States', 'following information', 'information purposes', 'Estimated NAV', 'necessary approval', 'main market', 'future results', 'listed securities', 'Market information', 'BOUSSARD', 'GBP', 'business', 'Apr', 'returns', 'AEX', 'LSE', 'Transactions', 'treasury', 'Number', 'respect', 'role', 'LLP.', 'Email', 'bgam', 'article', 'conjunction', 'Story', 'solicitation', 'announcement', 'part', 'invitation', 'vote', 'sale', 'issuance', 'transfer', 'contravention', 'addition', 'account', 'benefit', 'accordance', 'exemption', 'circumstances', 'issuer', 'mind', 'risk', 'past', 'guarantee', 'doubt', 'contents', 'communication', 'substitute', 'Attachment']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2226,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/societe-generale-makes-latam-appointments-140000911.html,SOCIETE GENERALE MAKES LATAM APPOINTMENTS,Societe Generale announces that Luiz Sainz  formerly Country Head of SG Brazil  has been appointed Head of Latin America  a position created to lead the...,Societe Generale Americas appoints Luiz Sainz  Head of Latin America  and Beatriz Lacaz  Country Head of BrazilNEW YORK and SAO PAULO  April 4  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Societe Generale announces that Luiz Sainz  formerly Country Head of SG Brazil  has been appointed Head of Latin America  a position created to lead the bank's new strategic initiative for the region.In this role  Mr. Sainz will oversee Societe Generale's business activities in Brazil  Mexico and Chile and will work to coordinate client and commercial strategy across the region and in conjunction with the wider Americas and global strategy. This will include working closely with Societe Generale's ALD Automotive and SG Equipment Finance businesses in the region to leverage cross-business activities. Mr. Sainz will be based in New York and report directly to Stephane About  CEO of SG Americas.Succeeding Mr. Sainz  Beatriz Lacaz has been appointed Country Head of Brazil. Ms. Lacaz will continue the evolution of SG Brazil's offer as it continues to support local clients and facilitate business from Societe Generale's international roster of clients conducting business within the country.Ms. Lacaz will remain based in Sao Paulo and report to Mr. Sainz. Both appointments were effective April 1  2022. SG Brazil elected Ms. Lacaz as new CEO subject to Central Bank approval.Societe Generale launched its new strategic initiative for Latin America to further support its strong client relationships and develop new avenues for sustainable growth by leveraging the bank's long-standing regional expertise and global capabilities.BiographiesLuis Sainz joined Societe Generale in 1996 as part of the Corporate Finance team in Dallas and in 1998 relocated to the New York office. He left Societe Generale in 2000 and moved to Chicago to create and run CommonStream  a U.S. B2B electronic exchange company. Luis rejoined Societe Generale in 2001 as a member of the European Leverage Finance team based in Paris where he spent nine years  the last three as a Managing Director in charge of larger LBO financings and restructurings. He was named Country Head for Societe Generale in Mexico in 2010  and subsequently was named Country Head for Societe Generale in Brazil in 2018. Luis has an engineering degree from ITAM University in Mexico and holds an MBA from Hautes Etudes Commerciales (HEC).Story continuesBeatriz Lacaz joined Societe Generale Brazil in 2002 as Head of Metals & Mining  Pulp & Paper  and Financial Institutions. She relocated to Amsterdam in 2006  leading Commodities and Trade Finance for Societe Generale in the CIS and Eastern Europe. Beatriz returned to SG Brazil in 2008 and has held various management positions in Debt Capital Markets & Syndication and as Head of Natural Resources  which she held from 2010 to 2019. Beatriz was named Head of Global Banking and Advisory for SG Brazil in 2019. Prior to joining SG  she worked in Structured Lending for Banco Citibank SA. Beatriz has a degree in Business Administration and a Masters of Business Economics from the University of Sao Paulo.Societe GeneraleSociete Generale is one of the leading European financial services groups. Based on a diversified and integrated banking model  the Group combines financial strength and proven expertise in innovation with a strategy of sustainable growth. Committed to the positive transformations of the world's societies and economies  Societe Generale and its teams seek to build  day after day  together with its clients  a better and sustainable future through responsible and innovative financial solutions.Active in the real economy for over 150 years  with a solid position in Europe and connected to the rest of the world  Societe Generale has over 131 000 members of staff in 66 countries and supports on a daily basis 26 million individual clients  businesses and institutional investors around the world by offering a wide range of advisory services and tailored financial solutions. The Group is built on three complementary core businesses:French Retail Banking which encompasses the Societe Generale  Credit du Nord and Boursorama brands. Each offers a full range of financial services with omnichannel products at the cutting edge of digital innovation;International Retail Banking  Insurance and Financial Services to Corporates  with networks in Africa  Russia  Central and Eastern Europe and specialised businesses that are leaders in their markets;Global Banking and Investor Solutions  which offers recognised expertise  key international locations and integrated solutions.Societe Generale is included in the principal socially responsible investment indices: DJSI (Europe)  FTSE4Good (Global and Europe)  Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index  Refinitiv Diversity and Inclusion Index  Euronext Vigeo (Europe and Eurozone)  STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes  and the MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index (World and Europe).In case of doubt regarding the authenticity of this press release  please go to the end of Societe Generale's newsroom page where official Press Releases sent by Societe Generale can be certified using blockchain technology. A link will allow you to check the document's legitimacy directly on the web page.For more information  you can follow us on Twitter @societegenerale or visit our website www.societegenerale.com.CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/societe-generale-makes-latam-appointments-301516650.htmlSOURCE Societe Generale,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['SOCIETE GENERALE MAKES LATAM APPOINTMENTS', 'U.S. B2B electronic exchange company', 'MSCI Low Carbon Leaders Index', 'STOXX Global ESG Leaders indexes', 'leading European financial services groups', 'European Leverage Finance team', 'three complementary core businesses', 'socially responsible investment indices', 'SG Equipment Finance businesses', 'Corporate Finance team', 'Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index', 'larger LBO financings', 'Hautes Etudes Commerciales', 'various management positions', 'Banco Citibank SA', 'Credit du Nord', 'key international locations', 'French Retail Banking', 'official Press Releases', 'new strategic initiative', 'standing regional expertise', 'International Retail Banking', 'innovative financial solutions', 'tailored financial solutions', 'integrated banking model', 'strong client relationships', 'Debt Capital Markets', 'New York office', '26 million individual clients', 'Central Bank approval', 'Societe Generale Americas', 'Societe Generale Brazil', 'Inclusion Index', 'Trade Finance', 'integrated solutions', 'Global Banking', 'specialised businesses', 'Financial Institutions', 'financial strength', 'international roster', 'Investor Solutions', 'SG Americas', 'new avenues', 'wider Americas', 'global capabilities', 'proven expertise', 'recognised expertise', 'advisory services', 'Luiz Sainz', 'Latin America', 'SAO PAULO', 'Mr. Sainz', 'global strategy', 'ALD Automotive', 'cross-business activities', 'Stephane About', 'Ms. Lacaz', 'sustainable growth', 'Managing Director', 'Natural Resources', 'Structured Lending', 'positive transformations', 'sustainable future', 'real economy', 'daily basis', 'institutional investors', 'wide range', 'Boursorama brands', 'full range', 'omnichannel products', 'cutting edge', 'Refinitiv Diversity', 'Euronext Vigeo', 'newsroom page', 'new CEO', 'SG Brazil', 'local clients', 'commercial strategy', 'Business Administration', 'Business Economics', 'Beatriz Lacaz', 'nine years', 'engineering degree', 'ITAM University', 'solid position', 'The Group', 'digital innovation', 'Luis Sainz', 'Eastern Europe', 'Country Head', '150 years', 'role', 'Mexico', 'Chile', 'conjunction', 'evolution', 'offer', 'Both', 'appointments', 'long', 'Biographies', 'part', 'Dallas', 'Chicago', 'CommonStream', 'member', 'Paris', 'charge', 'restructurings', 'MBA', 'HEC', 'Story', 'Metals', 'Mining', 'Pulp', 'Paper', 'Amsterdam', 'Commodities', 'CIS', 'Syndication', 'Masters', 'diversified', 'world', 'societies', 'economies', 'teams', 'day', 'staff', '66 countries', 'Insurance', 'Corporates', 'networks', 'Africa', 'Russia', 'DJSI', 'FTSE4Good', 'Eurozone', 'case', 'doubt', 'authenticity']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2227,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-sanofi-launches-first-100000043.html,Press Release: Sanofi launches first-in-pharma Diversity  Equity & Inclusion Board,Sanofi launches first-in-pharma Diversity  Equity & Inclusion Board Paris  April 4  2022. Sanofi launches today its Diversity  Equity & Inclusion (DE&I...,Sanofi - Aventis GroupeSanofi launches first-in-pharma Diversity  Equity & Inclusion BoardParis  April 4  2022. Sanofi launches today its Diversity  Equity & Inclusion (DE&I) Board  the first-of-its-kind in the pharmaceutical industry to feature outside advisors. Sanofi’s DE&I Board will include three of the most influential voices in the DE&I space as Board members appointed for 3 years: organizational psychologist & best-selling author John Amaechi  award-winning social entrepreneur Caroline Casey  and DE&I pioneer and renowned thought-leader Dr. Rohini Anand.Sanofi’s DE&I strategy was revamped in June 2021 with set objectives toward 2025  built around three key pillars: building representative leadership  creating a work environment where employees can bring their whole selves and engaging with the company’s diverse communities. The DE&I Board’s role is to ensure Sanofi’s DE&I strategy is rightly executed  to monitor progress on the company’s 2025 targets and to advise on how to accelerate the company’s impact in this space.Together with the DE&I Board  Sanofi is launching a global Employee Resource Group (ERG) framework and five global focused ERGs: Gender+  Generations+  Pride+  Ability+ and Culture and Origins+  which will allow already existing local ERGs to scale and grow. ERGs are voluntary  employee-led groups that help create a diverse and inclusive workplace. Critical in supporting their members’ professional and personal growth and in cultivating a sense of belonging  they ensure the company reflects  values and listens to its diverse employees’ communities.Paul HudsonCEO of Sanofi“We’re committed to driving diversity  equity and inclusion in Sanofi and beyond. These new initiatives will help us bring the outside in  so we can hear  listen and learn faster  and grow stronger as we continue our DE&I journey.”The DE&I Board is composed of eleven members  including seven members from Sanofi’s leadership - Paul Hudson  Chief Executive Officer  Natalie Bickford  Chief People Officer  Olivier Charmeil  Head of General Medicines  Roy Papatheodorou  General Counsel & Head of Legal  Ethics & Business Integrity  John Reed  Head of Research & Development  Thomas Triomphe  Head of Vaccines  and Raj Verma  Chief Diversity  Culture & Experience Officer. Raj Verma will chair the DE&I Board. One member will be one of the company’s five global Employee Resource Group Leads  with rotation among all global ERG Leads on an annual basis. The DE&I Board will meet 3 times per year and progress on the 2025 targets will continue to be communicated on a quarterly basis.Story continuesJohn Amaechi“I am always excited to support organizations looking to ensure that whether for colleagues  stakeholders or consumers - they stand for fairness  equity and the preservation of human dignity. I am a scientist first and bring an understanding of what can work to performance through improving inclusion and equity in the context of a large  complex multinational company with a strong history and tradition. It’s clear there are many strong advocates within the company  and I am delighted to add my insights and expertise to those already present within Sanofi.”Dr. Rohini Anand“I am thrilled to join Sanofi’s DE&I Board as it affords me an opportunity to influence the critical need to address health care disparities globally. With my experience in leading global DE&I transformations I am motivated to support Sanofi as it seeks to foster an equitable and inclusive culture that enables breakthrough innovations because it is the desired destination for diverse talent. I am impressed by the authenticity and humility with which the leadership approaches DE&I and its willingness and openness to learn from external thought leaders.”Caroline Casey“It’s a real honour to be joining the Sanofi DE&I Board which will support the strategic evolution of Business Inclusion focusing on the complex intersectional nature of diversity  equity  and inclusion. As a supporter of removing the decisive siloed approach which has and continues to create exclusion and mistrust  I am proud to bring the voice of disability business inclusion front and centre of Sanofi’s strategy both as a person with lived experience and as the founder of The Valuable 500.”Sanofi’s DE&I Board external membersJohn Amaechi is an organizational psychologist  best-selling author  Chartered Scientist (CSci)  elected Fellow of the Royal Society for Public Health  Research Fellow at the University of East London  and Founder of APS Intelligence. A former NBA sportsman  John Amaechi serves as a mentor to many  a teacher to some  and always uses his deep psychological insight combined with real life experience to provide a touchstone for people and companies who want to thrive  achieve and align their beliefs  values and ethics.Dr. Rohini Anand  is a strategic business leader  Board member and author. With expertise that spans executive leadership  human capital  global corporate responsibility  wellness and diversity equity and inclusion  Rohini brings a unique perspective on the critical alignment of the business culture and the triple bottom line (People  Planet  Profit) to drive exceptional performance. Most recently Rohini was Senior Vice-President Corporate Responsibility and Global Chief Diversity Officer for Sodexo.Caroline Casey is a businesswoman and activist  founder of The Valuable 500  the world’s largest CEO collective and business move for disability inclusion. Recently appointed President of the International Agency for the Prevention of Blindness (IAPB)  Caroline also sits on several Diversity and Inclusion Boards to include L’Oréal and Sky.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYMedia RelationsSandrine Guendoul | + 33 6 25 09 14 25 | sandrine.guendoul@sanofi.comEvan Berland | + 1 215 432 0234 | evan.berland@sanofi.comKate Conway | +1 617 685 5326 | kate.conway@sanofi.comVictor Rouault | + 33 6 70 93 71 40 | victor.rouault@sanofi.comInvestor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 6 40 56 92 21 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comAttachment,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.01,positive,0.75,0.19,0.06,True,English,"['Press Release', 'pharma Diversity', 'Inclusion Board', 'Sanofi', 'Equity', 'five global Employee Resource Group Leads', 'leading global DE&I transformations', 'renowned thought-leader Dr. Rohini Anand', 'DE&I Board external members', 'five global focused ERGs', 'large, complex multinational company', 'The DE&I Board', 'disability business inclusion front', 'global ERG Leads', 'Sanofi DE&I Board', 'global corporate responsibility', 'external thought leaders', 'DE&I) Board', 'DE&I pioneer', 'DE&I journey', 'complex intersectional nature', 'DE&I strategy', 'award-winning social entrepreneur', 'three key pillars', 'voluntary, employee-led groups', 'decisive siloed approach', 'former NBA sportsman', 'deep psychological insight', 'DE&I space', 'existing local ERGs', 'many strong advocates', 'health care disparities', 'strategic business leader', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Chief People Officer', 'real life experience', 'diverse employees’ communities', 'Board members', 'Inclusion Board', 'Business Integrity', 'The Valuable 500', 'members’ professional', 'eleven members', 'seven members', 'diverse communities', 'ERG) framework', 'strong history', 'real honour', 'strategic evolution', 'Public Health', 'Experience Officer', 'Chief Diversity', 'Aventis Groupe', 'pharmaceutical industry', 'influential voices', 'organizational psychologist', 'John Amaechi', 'Caroline Casey', 'work environment', 'inclusive workplace', 'personal growth', 'Paul Hudson', 'new initiatives', 'Natalie Bickford', 'Olivier Charmeil', 'General Medicines', 'Roy Papatheodorou', 'General Counsel', 'John Reed', 'Thomas Triomphe', 'Raj Verma', 'One member', 'annual basis', 'quarterly basis', 'human dignity', 'critical need', 'breakthrough innovations', 'diverse talent', 'Royal Society', 'East London', 'APS Intelligence', 'executive leadership', 'human capital', 'unique perspectiv', 'best-selling author', 'pharma Diversity', 'outside advisors', 'representative leadership', 'Legal, Ethics', 'Chartered Scientist', 'inclusive culture', 'Research Fellow', 'diversity equity', 'Paris', 'April', 'kind', '3 years', 'June', 'objectives', 'role', 'progress', '2025 targets', 'impact', 'Gender+', 'Generations+', 'Pride+', 'Origins', 'sense', 'belonging', 'values', 'CEO', 'Head', 'Development', 'Vaccines', 'rotation', 'organizations', 'colleagues', 'stakeholders', 'consumers', 'fairness', 'preservation', 'understanding', 'performance', 'context', 'tradition', 'insights', 'expertise', 'opportunity', 'equitable', 'destination', 'authenticity', 'humility', 'willingness', 'openness', 'supporter', 'exclusion', 'mistrust', 'centre', 'founder', 'CSci', 'University', 'mentor', 'teacher', 'touchstone', 'companies', 'beliefs', 'wellness']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2228,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220403005099/en/Technip-Energies-to-Provide-FEED-for-Equinor-Floating-Offshore-Wind-Firefly-Project-in-South-Korea,Technip Energies to Provide FEED for Equinor Floating Offshore Wind Firefly Project in South Korea,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) has been selected by Equinor South Korea Co Ltd to perform a Front-End Engineering Design (FEED) for the offshore floating wind Firefly project  located 70 kilometers offshore the East Coast of South Korea. …,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Technip Energies (PARIS:TE) has been selected by Equinor South Korea Co Ltd to perform a Front-End Engineering Design (FEED) for the offshore floating wind Firefly project  located 70 kilometers offshore the East Coast of South Korea.The FEED contract covers engineering of the floating wind turbine substructures for the proposed 800 megawatts offshore wind farm. The design of the substructures will include Technip Energies’ in-house floater technology INO15™. With a capacity of 15 megawatts  INO15™ technology is a three columns semi-submersible floater which is well suited for fabrication in large series. The substructure design is in alignment with Equinor's wind semi design principles.Firefly wind farm is planned for an area of 2 x 75 km2 off the coast of the city of Ulsan in South Korea and will serve to feed the Korean grid. It is planned to be in operation in 2027.Willy Gauttier  VP Offshore Floating Wind at Technip Energies  commented: “We are glad to have been awarded this FEED by our long-lasting client Equinor and that the INO15™ floater technology has been selected for the development of the offshore wind farm. It perfectly illustrates that engineering and technology will be key to accelerate the energy transition. Through the Firefly project  we are committed to support Equinor in its objective to reach an installed net renewables capacity of 12-16 gigawatts by 2030.”About Technip EnergiesTechnip Energies is a leading Engineering & Technology company for the energy transition  with leadership positions in Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)  hydrogen and ethylene as well as growing market positions in blue and green hydrogen  sustainable chemistry and CO 2 management. The company benefits from its robust project delivery model supported by extensive technology  products and services offering.Operating in 34 countries  our 15 000 people are fully committed to bringing our client’s innovative projects to life  breaking boundaries to accelerate the energy transition for a better tomorrow.Technip Energies is listed on Euronext Paris with American depositary receipts (“ADRs”) traded over-the-counter in the United States. For further information: www.technipenergies.com.Important Information for Investors and SecurityholdersForward-Looking StatementThis release contains “forward-looking statements” as defined in Section 27A of the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended  and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934  as amended. Forward-looking statements usually relate to future events and anticipated revenues  earnings  cash flows or other aspects of Technip Energies’ operations or operating results. Forward-looking statements are often identified by the words “believe ” “expect ” “anticipate ” “plan ” “intend ” “foresee ” “should ” “would ” “could ” “may ” “estimate ” “outlook ” and similar expressions  including the negative thereof. The absence of these words  however  does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. These forward-looking statements are based on Technip Energies’ current expectations  beliefs and assumptions concerning future developments and business conditions and their potential effect on Technip Energies. While Technip Energies believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made  there can be no assurance that future developments affecting Technip Energies will be those that Technip Energies anticipates.All of Technip Energies’ forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties (some of which are significant or beyond Technip Energies’ control) and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from Technip Energies’ historical experience and Technip Energies’ present expectations or projections. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize  or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect  actual results may vary materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. For information regarding known material factors that could cause actual results to differ from projected results  please see Technip Energies’ risk factors set forth in Technip Energies’ filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  which include amendment no. 4 to Technip Energies’ registration statement on Form F-1 filed on February 11  2021.Forward-looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties and speak only as of the date they are made. Technip Energies undertakes no duty to and will not necessarily update any of the forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events  except to the extent required by applicable law.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,mixed,0.28,0.24,0.48,True,English,"['Equinor Floating Offshore Wind Firefly Project', 'Technip Energies', 'South Korea', 'FEED', 'United States Securities Exchange Act', 'offshore floating wind Firefly project', 'Equinor South Korea Co Ltd', 'VP Offshore Floating Wind', 'United States Securities Act', 'three columns semi-submersible floater', 'robust project delivery model', 'floating wind turbine substructures', 'wind semi design principles', '800 megawatts offshore wind farm', 'house floater technology INO15™', 'Technip Energies’ present expectations', 'Technip Energies’ risk factors', 'Technip Energies’ registration statement', 'Firefly wind farm', 'U.S. Securities', 'Technip Energies’ forward-looking statements', 'INO15™ floater technology', 'Liquefied Natural Gas', 'American depositary receipts', 'growing market positions', 'Technip Energies’ operations', 'Technip Energies’ control', 'Technip Energies’ filings', 'net renewables capacity', 'Front-End Engineering Design', 'CO 2 management', 'Exchange Commission', 'INO15™ technology', 'current expectations', 'material factors', 'substructure design', 'leadership positions', 'extensive technology', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'large series', 'Korean grid', 'Willy Gauttier', 'energy transition', '12-16 gigawatts', 'sustainable chemistry', 'services offering', 'innovative projects', 'Section 27A', 'Section 21E', 'future events', 'cash flows', 'other aspects', 'similar expressions', 'future developments', 'business conditions', 'potential effect', 'historical experience', 'Form F-1', 'applicable law', 'Technology company', 'operating results', 'actual results', 'leading Engineering', 'East Coast', 'long-lasting client', 'green hydrogen', 'Important Information', 'new information', 'FEED contract', 'Euronext Paris', 'underlying assumptions', 'inherent risks', '15 megawatts', 'fabrication', 'alignment', 'area', '2 x 75', 'Ulsan', 'objective', 'LNG', 'ethylene', 'blue', 'products', '34 countries', '15,000 people', 'life', 'boundaries', 'tomorrow', 'ADRs', 'counter', 'technipenergies', 'Investors', 'Securityholders', 'release', 'revenues', 'earnings', 'words', 'plan', 'outlook', 'absence', 'beliefs', 'assurance', 'uncertainties', 'projections', 'projected', 'amendment', 'February', 'date', 'duty', 'light', 'extent']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,businesswire.com
2229,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://japantoday.com/category/business/focus-tokyo-stock-market-needs-more-than-shake-up-to-lure-foreign-investors,Tokyo stock market revamped in hope of attracting foreign investors,The Tokyo stock market trumpets its largest overhaul in decades to lure more foreign investors. Still  the bourse is missing something such investors have long awaited -- companies with great growth potential. The bourse operator  Tokyo Stock Exchange Inc  on…,"By Ayano ShimizuThe Tokyo stock market trumpets its largest overhaul in decades to lure more foreign investors. Still  the bourse is missing something such investors have long awaited -- companies with great growth potential.The bourse operator  Tokyo Stock Exchange Inc  on Monday reorganized its four trading sections into three -- Prime  Standard and Growth -- for the roughly 3 800 listed companies to be categorized under more distinctive rules to sharpen the focus of each market.The reform came as Japan tries to cement a foothold for the Tokyo market as an international financial hub after its reputation was tarnished by a trading system failure in 2020 that caused an unprecedented full-day trade halt. The setback came in stark contrast to the rise in its U.S. and some Asian peers.Investors and market observers say they find the shake-up less than attractive  saying they are looking more for companies that create innovations to stand out among global competitors than for improving market availability.""There is definitely sentiment among investors that there are markets in other Asian countries with many attractive companies "" Hidetaka Kawakita  an honorary professor at Kyoto University who specializes in stock market analysis  said. ""Compared to them  Japanese companies seem to boast little growth and little increase in stock value.""The reorganization is designed to specify the concepts of each of the three new sections to make it more convenient for investors to pick which stocks to buy. The operator also aims to encourage listed companies to pursue growth more persistently and strengthen governance to raise their corporate value  by imposing higher requirements for market capitalization and outside directors.The TSE last carried out a large-scale restructuring of its trading sections in 1961 when it introduced the First Section and Second Section.The top-tier Prime section  equivalent to the former First Section  is made up of 1 839 companies  or over 80 percent of the total listed on the previous leading section  and centers on inviting global investors.A company in the new top division must have floating shares worth at least 10 billion yen ($81.6 million) that account for 35 percent or more of its outstanding shares.About 300 companies have yet to meet the listing criteria for the Prime section  stricter than for the Standard section for midsize firms and Growth section for up-and-comers. But their shares can be traded in the section  pending improvement in operations based on business plans they submitted to the bourse prior to the market section revamp.""It's more cosmetic than anything else "" said Masakazu Takeda  a portfolio manager of Hennessy Japan Fund  which manages a total asset of about $801 million as of December and is run by California-based Hennessy Funds.""What's the point if you have 2 000 plus companies on the First Section of the TSE and a few years down the road you still have roughly the same number of listed names?"" he said. ""It's not going to help foreign investors sift through the universe.""Foreign investors are of great importance to the TSE  making up about 70 percent of the trading value on the former First Section.According to data by the World Federation of Exchanges  the Tokyo Stock Exchange had a market capitalization of domestic shares worth $6.17 trillion as of February. The value came fifth among global stock exchanges but makes up only a quarter of the New York Stock Exchange  the world's largest bourse home to names like Visa Inc  Johnson & Johnson and Coca-Cola Co.The Tokyo bourse was also behind the U.S. Nasdaq stock market  home to the tech giants known as GAFA including Google LLC and Apple Inc  the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Euronext  a pan-European bourse.The reorganization ""is not a solution for this  and not hitting a right point at all. A sense of urgency to change is what is missing in Japan "" Masakazu Hosomizu  partner and portfolio manager at U.S. firm RMB Capital  said.He said that foreign investors pour their capital in high-quality Japanese companies that meet their own criteria in areas such as corporate governance and capital efficiency.Toyota Motor Corp  the world's largest automaker by volume  had its market capitalization briefly top 40 trillion yen or about $330 billion for the first time in January  ahead of other global names in Japan like Sony Group Corp and SoftBank Group Corp.But it was still far behind Apple that became the world's first company to top $3 trillion in January or U.S. electric carmaker Tesla Inc. with over $1 trillion in market capitalization.Kyoto University's Kawakita sees the reorganization as a ""fine-tuning"" rather than a reform but a ""first step"" in creating change in the Japanese market.He said he hopes the bourse will go on to implement tougher standards for listed companies in the future  such as requiring a market capitalization of 100 billion yen to have major Japanese companies understand that they cannot stay on the top tier without growth.Hosomizu at RMB Capital said that the TSE should impose tighter listing rules to prompt companies to bolster corporate governance and the monitoring of their management. The TSE could demand hiring more outside directors than the current one-third of the board members required of companies on the Prime section.Akira Kiyota  the chief executive of Japan Exchange Group Inc.  the parent of the TSE  expects the shake-up and stricter requirements to incentivize listed companies to improve their corporate value.""I have high expectations that this reform will be a motivator for companies to work on their corporate value "" he said at a regular press conference last week. ""I would like to see the Prime market consist of companies that can attract global investors as its concept states.""© KYODO",neutral,0.11,0.85,0.03,mixed,0.1,0.13,0.77,True,English,"['Tokyo stock market', 'foreign investors', 'hope', 'U.S. electric carmaker Tesla Inc.', 'U.S. Nasdaq stock market', 'unprecedented full-day trade halt', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Tokyo Stock Exchange Inc', 'The Tokyo stock market', 'U.S. firm', 'Shanghai Stock Exchange', 'international financial hub', 'California-based Hennessy Funds', 'Toyota Motor Corp', 'Sony Group Corp', 'SoftBank Group Corp', 'new top division', 'stock market analysis', 'trading system failure', 'other Asian countries', 'previous leading section', 'four trading sections', 'The Tokyo bourse', 'three new sections', 'global stock exchanges', 'many attractive companies', 'former First Section', 'Hennessy Japan Fund', 'high-quality Japanese companies', 'major Japanese companies', 'top-tier Prime section', 'great growth potential', 'other global names', 'The bourse operator', 'Tokyo market', 'Visa Inc', 'stock value', 'Apple Inc', 'Japanese market', 'market section', 'Asian peers', 'global competitors', 'The TSE', 'great importance', 'top tier', 'market observers', 'market availability', 'market capitalization', 'first time', 'first step', 'Second Section', 'trading value', 'global investors', 'Ayano Shimizu', 'largest overhaul', 'distinctive rules', 'stark contrast', 'honorary professor', 'Kyoto University', 'little increase', 'higher requirements', 'outside directors', 'large-scale restructuring', '10 billion yen', 'midsize firms', 'business plans', 'Masakazu Takeda', 'portfolio manager', 'same number', 'Coca-Cola Co', 'tech giants', 'Google LLC', 'largest automaker', '40 trillion yen', 'tougher standards', '100 billion yen', 'Growth section', 'largest bourse', 'pan-European bourse', '3,800 listed companies', '2,000 plus companies', 'first company', 'corporate value', 'floating shares', 'outstanding shares', 'Standard section', 'domestic shares', 'RMB Capital', 'capital efficiency', 'little growth', 'foreign investors', 'Hidetaka Kawakita', 'listing criteria', 'total asset', 'right point', 'Masakazu Hosomizu', 'corporate governance', 'TSE sho', 'World Federation', '1,839 companies', '300 companies', 'decades', 'something', 'Monday', 'focus', 'reform', 'foothold', 'reputation', 'setback', 'rise', 'shake-up', 'innovations', 'sentiment', 'markets', 'reorganization', 'concepts', 'stocks', '80 percent', '35 percent', 'comers', 'improvement', 'operations', 'December', 'road', 'universe', '70 percent', 'data', 'February', 'quarter', 'Johnson', 'GAFA', 'Euronext', 'solution', 'sense', 'urgency', 'partner', 'areas', 'volume', 'January', 'fine-tuning', 'future']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,japantoday.com
2230,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220404005111/en/Labster-Secures-47M-in-New-Funding-Tranche-to-Expand-Global-Opportunities-for-Virtual-Science-Laboratory-Simulations,Labster Secures $47M in New Funding Tranche to Expand Global Opportunities for Virtual Science Laboratory Simulations,COPENHAGEN & BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Labster (www.labster.com)  the world's leading platform for virtual labs and interactive science  has raised $47 million in additional funding to support massive growth opportunities worldwide. This new capital infusion w…,"COPENHAGEN & BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Labster (www.labster.com)  the world's leading platform for virtual labs and interactive science  has raised $47 million in additional funding to support massive growth opportunities worldwide. This new capital infusion will enable Labster to further develop in Europe and the United States and to establish itself within Asia and Latin America. By investing more funds into its library of science simulations and expanding its reach to younger students and adult workforce skills training  Labster will be able to serve 100 million students around the world through its institutional and government partnerships.Total investment in Labster now stands at $147 million. This new financing tranche is sourced from new investors: Sofina Group and Pirate Impact  along with fresh infusions from existing investors: Owl Ventures  Andreessen Horowitz  EduCapital  NPF Technologies  and GGV Capital. They are joining the Series C round announced in 2021 led by Andreessen Horowitz. Additional investors included Balderton Capital  Northzone  Swisscom Ventures  and David Helgason  founder of Unity Technologies.""As a contributor to sustainable development  Sofina is proud to support Labster's vision of empowering millions of students with an engaging STEM learning experience "" said Bertrand Fawe  investment manager at Sofina Group. ""The use of immersive virtual reality technology will continue to play a growing role in the delivery of education.""“Labster's mission is to provide all students  regardless of socioeconomic status or geographic location  with equitable access to high-quality engaging science education and virtual laboratories — an ongoing critical need accelerated by the pandemic and now rapidly growing globally as digitalization of the education sector with hybrid and remote learning continues ” said Michael Bodekaer Jensen  co-founder and CEO of Labster. “This additional funding will help us to continue growing our support for a broader group of students  teachers  and educational institutions around the world to make our mission a reality. There has been a fundamental change in the nature of education over the last two years that confirms the high value and impact on student engagement and learning outcomes of virtual educational simulations offered in tandem with in-person  teacher-led coursework in a post-pandemic world.”A shared commitment to educationNamed by Global Silicon Valley’s (GSV) EdTech 150 as one of the most transformative private companies in education  Labster's team of 350-plus employees supports over 3 000 universities and high schools  tens of thousands of courses  and millions of students every year. Throughout 70-plus countries  Labster is delivered on a state-of-the-art digital platform that provides seamless access  implementation  and integration with other systems for users.“Students around the world benefit from learning science in Labster’s virtual world  combining advanced techniques from game development with learning psychology and virtualization of labs ” said Scott Kupor  managing partner  Andreessen Horowitz. “This allows millions of students to access high-quality education that was previously unreachable. We are thrilled to continue to partner with Labster.”""Our confidence in the vision and team at Labster couldn't be greater "" said Tory Patterson  managing director  Owl Ventures. ""We have extremely high conviction in the future of digital learning and Labster is unlocking the most profound learning outcomes in the sector. Every student in every school should be leveraging Labster’s platform to accelerate science learning. We are ecstatic to further our support of Labster.”The new funding will contribute to Labster’s ambitious roadmap for expansion. In addition to expanding into new geographic regions  Labster is now hiring across all major teams including engineering  product  sales  and customer success. This next stage of expansion will provide educators and students with virtual lab simulations for hybrid  remote  and in-person learning modalities worldwide.“We are tackling a global learning crisis where current access to engaging and impactful education is not meeting demands or servicing students well enough ” said Mads Tvillinggaard Bonde  Labster co-founder and executive chairman. “Science education is traditionally so ineffective that 60% of STEM students drop out. Labster is the only offering in the market that provides a highly interactive life-like laboratory experience that is documented to reduce failure rates and improve outcomes for students. We are proud to produce high-quality  affordable science education that helps teachers and students to empower the next generation of scientists.”About LabsterLabster is dedicated to developing fully interactive virtual training simulations that are designed to enhance traditional learning outcomes by stimulating students’ natural curiosity and reinforcing the connection between science and the real world. The simulations can be used in a variety of different ways  from a full lab replacement to a supplemental learning activity. Over 5 million students in high schools and universities have used Labster to perform realistic experiments  learn key science concepts  and practice their skills in a risk-free learning environment. Labster’s 350-plus team members from over 30 countries are passionate about improving science learning  resulting in collaborations with over 3 000 leading educational institutions. Visit www.labster.com.About Sofina GroupSofina is a family controlled and run investment company listed on Euronext Brussels  managing its assets of circa €11 billion. Sofina aspires to be the preferred partner of entrepreneurs and families who lead companies embarked on a sustainable growth journey by backing them with patient capital and supportive advice. Common vision and strong alignment of values and interests with its partners are paramount in the deployment of its strategy. Sofina’s investments focus on a sustainable growth theme in four focus sectors: digital transformation  consumer and retail  education  and healthcare. For more information  visit www.sofinagroup.com.About Andreessen HorowitzAndreessen Horowitz (a16z) is a venture capital firm that backs bold entrepreneurs building the future through technology. The firm is stage agnostic  investing in seed to growth-stage technology companies  across the consumer  enterprise  bio+health  crypto  and fintech spaces. a16z has over $28.2 billion in assets under management across multiple funds. See portfolio companies here: https://a16z.com/portfolio/.About Owl VenturesOwl Ventures is the largest venture capital fund in the world focused on the education technology market with over $2.25 billion in assets under management. The Silicon Valley-based firm invests in the world's leading education technology companies across the education spectrum encompassing PreK-12  higher education  and the future of work (career mobility/professional learning). Owl Ventures has deep domain expertise and leverages a global network of Limited Partners  investors  and strategic partners to help entrepreneurs scale their businesses into transformative category-leading companies. Learn more at www.OwlVC.com.",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.54,0.16,0.3,True,English,"['Virtual Science Laboratory Simulations', 'New Funding Tranche', 'Global Opportunities', 'Labster', 'adult workforce skills training', 'immersive virtual reality technology', 'interactive virtual training simulations', 'engaging STEM learning experience', 'high-quality, affordable science education', 'high-quality engaging science education', 'massive growth opportunities', 'Series C round', 'Michael Bodekaer Jensen', 'last two years', 'Global Silicon Valley', 'transformative private companies', 'Mads Tvillinggaard Bonde', 'full lab replac', 'new financing tranche', 'person learning modalities', 'global learning crisis', 'virtual lab simulations', 'new geographic regions', 'virtual educational simulations', 'new capital infusion', 'profound learning outcomes', 'traditional learning outcomes', 'students’ natural curiosity', 'high-quality education', 'laboratory experience', 'interactive science', 'virtual laboratories', 'science simulations', 'science learning', 'interactive life-like', 'new investors', 'remote learning', 'learning psychology', 'digital learning', 'new funding', 'geographic location', 'educational institutions', 'virtual labs', 'STEM students', 'GGV Capital', 'Balderton Capital', 'virtual world', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'additional funding', 'United States', 'Latin America', 'government partnerships', 'Total investment', 'fresh infusions', 'existing investors', 'Owl Ventures', 'Andreessen Horowitz', 'NPF Technologies', 'Additional investors', 'Swisscom Ventures', 'David Helgason', 'Unity Technologies', 'sustainable development', 'Bertrand Fawe', 'investment manager', 'growing role', 'socioeconomic status', 'equitable access', 'ongoing critical', 'broader group', 'fundamental change', 'high value', 'teacher-led coursework', 'shared commitment', '350-plus employees', 'high schools', '70-plus countries', 'seamless access', 'other systems', 'advanced techniques', 'game development', 'Scott Kupor', 'managing partner', 'Tory Patterson', 'managing director', 'high conviction', 'ambitious roadmap', 'major teams', 'customer success', 'next stage', 'current access', 'impactful education', 'executive chairman', 'failure rates', 'next generation', 'different ways', 'leading platform', 'Sofina Group', 'digital platform', 'Pirate Impact', 'education sector', 'student engagement', 'hybrid, remote', 'post-pandemic world', 'real world', 'younger students', '100 million students', 'COPENHAGEN', 'BOSTON', 'labster', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'funds', 'library', 'reach', 'institutional', 'EduCapital', 'Northzone', 'founder', 'contributor', 'vision', 'millions', 'use', 'delivery', 'mission', 'digitalization', 'CEO', 'support', 'teachers', 'nature', 'tandem', 'GSV', 'EdTech', '3,000 universities', 'tens', 'thousands', 'courses', 'implementation', 'integration', 'virtualization', 'confidence', 'future', 'expansion', 'engineering', 'product', 'sales', 'educators', 'demands', 'offering', 'market', 'scientists', 'connection', 'variety']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,businesswire.com
2231,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/press-release-fda-accepts-dupixent-050000199.html,Press Release: FDA accepts Dupixent® (dupilumab) for Priority Review in patients aged 12 years and older with eosinophilic esophagitis,FDA accepts Dupixent® (dupilumab) for Priority Review in patients aged 12 years and older with eosinophilic esophagitis If approved  Dupixent would be the...,Sanofi - Aventis GroupeFDA accepts Dupixent® (dupilumab) for Priority Review in patients aged 12 years and older with eosinophilic esophagitisIf approved  Dupixent would be the first medicine available in the U.S. indicated to treat eosinophilic esophagitisThere are approximately 160 000 patients in the U.S. living with eosinophilic esophagitis who are currently treated  of whom approximately 48 000 have failed multiple treatmentsParis and Tarrytown  N.Y.  April 4  2022. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for Priority Review the supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for Dupixent® (dupilumab) 300 mg weekly to treat adult and pediatric patients aged 12 years and older with eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE)  a chronic and progressive type 2 inflammatory disease that damages the esophagus and impairs the ability to swallow. The target action date for the FDA decision on this investigational use is August 3  2022.The sBLA is supported by data from two Phase 3 trials evaluating the efficacy and safety of Dupixent 300 mg weekly in patients aged 12 years and older with EoE (Part A and Part B)  and data from an active long-term extension trial. Dupixent 300 mg weekly significantly improved the signs and symptoms of EoE at 24 weeks compared to placebo  including the ability to swallow and reduction in eosinophil count in the esophagus. The safety results of these trials were generally consistent with the known safety profile of Dupixent in its approved indications. The most common adverse event observed with Dupixent  in Part A and Part B  was injection site reactions.In September 2020  the U.S. FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy designation to Dupixent for the treatment of patients aged 12 years and older with EoE. Dupixent was also granted Orphan Drug designation for the potential treatment of EoE in 2017. Priority review is granted to therapies that have the potential to provide significant improvements in the treatment  diagnosis or prevention of serious conditions. Regulatory filings around the world are also planned in 2022. The potential use of Dupixent in EoE is currently under clinical development  and the safety and efficacy have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.Story continuesAbout Eosinophilic Esophagitis (EoE)EoE is a chronic  progressive type 2 inflammatory disease that damages the esophagus and prevents it from working properly. For people with EoE  swallowing the smallest amount of food can be a painful and worrisome choking experience. Those with EoE live with anxiety and frustration from having a constantly evolving list of foods to avoid. This disease can also cause narrowing of the esophagus and dilation (physical expansion) of the esophagus may be needed  which is often painful. In severe cases  a feeding tube is the only option to ensure proper caloric intake and adequate nutrition. People with EoE may have poor quality of life and are more likely to experience depression than people without EoE. There are approximately 160 000 patients in the U.S. living with EoE who are currently treated  of whom approximately 48 000 have failed multiple treatments.About DupixentDupixent is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. IL-4 and IL-13 are key and central drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in atopic dermatitis  asthma and chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP).In the U.S.  Dupixent is approved in patients aged 6 years and older with uncontrolled moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis; as an add-on maintenance treatment of patients aged 6 years and older with moderate-to-severe asthma characterized by an eosinophilic phenotype or with oral corticosteroid-dependent asthma; and for use with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP) in adults whose disease is not controlled.Dupixent is also approved in Europe  Japan and other countries around the world for use in specific patients with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis and certain patients with asthma or CRSwNP in different age populations. Dupixent is approved in one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries around the world  and more than 400 000 patients have been treated globally.Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Sanofi and Regeneron under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Sanofi and Regeneron are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes  including eosinophilic esophagitis (Phase 3)  pediatric atopic dermatitis (6 months to 5 years of age  Phase 3)  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis (Phase 3)  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation (Phase 3)  prurigo nodularis (Phase 3)  chronic spontaneous urticaria (Phase 3)  bullous pemphigoid (Phase 3)  chronic inducible urticaria-cold (Phase 3)  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis (Phase 3)  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (Phase 3) and peanut allergy (Phase 2). These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for nearly 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite® technologies  such as VelocImmune®  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For additional information about the company  please visit www.regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people’s lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNYSanofi Media RelationsSally Bain | + 1 617 834 6026 | sally.bain@sanofi.comSanofi Investor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen | + 33 7 86 80 56 39 | eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delépine | + 33 06 73 69 36 93 | arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt | + 33 06 40 56 92 | corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher | + 1 908 612 7239 | felix.lauscher@sanofi.comPriya Nanduri | priya.nanduri@sanofi.comNathalie Pham | + 33 07 85 93 30 17 | nathalie.pham@sanofi.comRegeneron Media RelationsAshleigh Dixon | + 1 914 374 2422 | ashleigh.dixon@regeneron.comRegeneron Investor RelationsVesna Tosic | + 914 847 5443 | vesna.tosic@regeneron.comSanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “expects”  “anticipates”  “believes”  “intends”  “estimates”  “plans” and similar expressions. Although Sanofi’s management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” in Sanofi’s annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (“Regeneron” or the “Company”)  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as “anticipate ” “expect ” “intend ” “plan ” “believe ” “seek ” “estimate ” variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron’s business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron’s and its collaborators’ ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron’s ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Products”)  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron’s Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  “Regeneron’s Product Candidates”) and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of eosinophilic esophagitis; the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron’s Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron’s Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of eosinophilic esophagitis (including potential approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration based on the supplemental Biologics License Application discussed in this press release)  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  pediatric atopic dermatitis  bullous pemphigoid  prurigo nodularis  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis  peanut allergy  and other potential indications; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing or any potential regulatory approval of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron’s collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron’s Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron’s ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron’s Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron’s Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron’s Products and Regeneron’s Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron’s agreements with Sanofi  Bayer  and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Dupixent  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab)  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron’s business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management’s current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron’s media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.93,0.06,mixed,0.06,0.12,0.82,True,English,"['Press Release', 'Priority Review', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'FDA', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'patients', 'chronic, progressive type 2 inflammatory disease', 'supplemental Biologics License Application', 'active long-term extension trial', 'chronic obstructive pulmonary diseas', 'The U.S. Food', 'common adverse event', 'injection site reactions', 'Breakthrough Therapy designation', 'worrisome choking experience', 'proper caloric intake', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'global collaboration agreement', 'Orphan Drug designation', 'other allergic processes', 'target action date', 'severe atopic dermatitis', 'different age populations', 'pediatric atopic dermatitis', 'oral corticosteroid-dependent asthma', 'various chronic diseases', 'Dupilumab Development Program', 'U.S. FDA', 'two Phase 3 trials', 'type 2 inflammation', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', 'Drug Administration', 'clinical development', 'severe cases', 'other medicines', 'severe asthma', 'Aventis Groupe', 'Priority Review', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'first medicine', 'multiple treatments', 'N.Y.', 'eosinophil count', 'significant improvements', 'serious conditions', 'Regulatory filings', 'regulatory authority', 'smallest amount', 'evolving list', 'physical expansion', 'feeding tube', 'adequate nutrition', 'poor quality', 'IL-13) pathways', 'central drivers', 'major role', 'nasal polyposis', 'eosinophilic phenotype', '60 clinical trials', 'broad range', 'other countries', 'Part A', 'Part B', 'FDA decision', 'pediatric patients', 'maintenance treatment', 'investigational use', 'safety results', 'safety profile', 'uncontrolled moderate', 'potential treatment', 'potential use', 'specific patients', 'Dupixent 300 mg', '60 countries', '160,000 patients', '400,000 patients', '10,000 patients', 'Dupixent®', 'Sanofi', 'Paris', 'Tarrytown', 'April', 'sBLA', 'adult', 'EoE', 'esophagus', 'ability', 'August', 'data', 'efficacy', 'signs', 'symptoms', '24 weeks', 'placebo', 'reduction', 'indications', 'September', 'therapies', 'diagnosis', 'prevention', 'world', 'Story', 'people', 'painful', 'anxiety', 'frustration', 'foods', 'narrowing', 'dilation', 'option', 'life', 'depression', 'signaling', 'interleukin-4', 'interleukin-13', 'immunosuppressant', 'IL-4', 'key', 'CRSwNP', 'add', 'Europe', 'Japan', 'Regeneron', '5 years']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2232,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.thewindowsclub.com/best-free-stock-analysis-software-for-windows,Best Free Stock Analysis Software for Windows 11/10,Looking for free stock analysis software for Windows 11/10 PC? Here are the best free stock analysis software for Windows 11/10. A stock analysis software enables you to evaluate a specific trading instrument  an investment sector  or a stock market. It helps…,Looking for free stock analysis software for Windows 11/10 PC? Here are the best free stock analysis software for Windows 11/10. A stock analysis software enables you to evaluate a specific trading instrument  an investment sector  or a stock market. It helps investors to analyze and determine the future activity of a stock market. Now  if you want to perform a stock market analysis  you need a dedicated tool. There are multiple stock analysis software available  but most are paid. In case you are looking for a free alternative  this list will help you out. So  check out!Best Free Stock Analysis Software for Windows 11/10Here is a list of the best free stock analysis software for Windows 11/10:StockwareLite myTrades JStock Incredible Charts moneycontrol.comLet us discuss the above software in detail now!1] StockwareLiteStockwareLite is a free stock analysis software for Windows 11/10. This software is used for technical analysis of the stock market as well as for portfolio management. For performing the stock market analysis  it uses Franklin Oscillator as a technical indicator tool. All the essential tools and features that you need to perform in-depth stock market analysis are provided by this free software.It provides a large database of stock exchanges to perform technical analysis. These stock exchanges include NYSE US  NSE-ALL  OSLO Norway  AMEX US  ASX Australia  KLS Malaysia  and many more stock exchanges. You can select a database from the index list like NYSE Composite  Euronext 100  BSE Sensitive  FTSE 100  etc. After that  choose a respective stock exchange and then select a stock market to perform analysis.When you select a stock market  you are shown a graph with wave patterns including Close Value  Exponential Moving Average (EMA)  Zero Line  and more. These parameters are highlighted in different color schemes. Additionally  it also shows Franklin’s trend  last date  last trade  day open  day high  and more information.You can customize the time period for stock data you want to view. For example  if you want to view data for the last 1 month  you can right-click on the chart and then select the Change Plot > Change Period option. You can also modify the plot to Price Rate of Change  Stochastic Oscillator  Aroon Oscillator  etc.It also provides you a feature to create a watchlist with your favorite stocks with the date and latest price. Besides that  you can even add a stock to the portfolio with its stock’s date  purchase price  and purchase quantity. You can easily edit and manage your stock watchlist and portfolio.This free stock analysis software is great with all the necessary tools and features. However  some advanced features like Start Stock Filter  Intraday Charts  and more are only available in its paid version i.e.  StockwarePro.You can download it from stockwarepro.com.2] myTradesmyTrades is a free stock analysis app for Windows 11. It is a great app that shows you live news and updates on global stock markets. To use this app  you need to sign up with an account and then log in with the registered account.You can view a stock market graph with date and value on its main screen. It also shows some useful news and information such as top oversold stocks based on 14 days RSI  top overbought stocks based on 14 days RSI  simulated portfolio  triggered notifications  and more. You can select a stock market and then view related trends and other information.It comes with a separate module called Markets where you can fetch information on a specific stock market. It also has information on the stock market in different regions that include Americas (Dow Jones Industrial Average  S & P 500  Nasdaq Composite)  Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (Hang Seng Index)  and European  Middle Eastern & African (ATX  CAC  FTSE  DAX).You can click on a stock market and view the respective information. For example  if you select Nasdaq Composite  you can see information like AAON  Axcelis Technologies  Amazon.com  BroadSoft  Advanced Accelerator Application  etc. It also shows a graphical report with values like open  close  high  low  date  volume  p/e ratio  etc.The good thing is that it allows you to customize the stock market graph as per your requirements. You can select a time range to view and analyze stock market information. You can also view some technical indicators at the bottom of the screen such as Average True Range  Simple Moving Average  Exponential Moving Average  Ultimate Oscillators  Relative Strength Index  etc.Get it from microsoft.com.3] JStockAnother good free stock analysis software that you can try is JStock. It provides different tabs including Stock Watchlist  Stock Indicator Scanner  Stock Indicator Editor  and Portfolio Management to perform in-depth analysis on stock markets.In its Stock Watchlist tab  you can search and add a specific stock market that you want to keep an eye on. It contains about 36 stock markets from different continents including America  Africa  Asia  Australia  and Europe. You can type the initials of a stock exchange in the search box and it will display all the related stock exchanges to choose from.When you add a stock exchange  it shows real-time information e.g.  Code  Symbol  Buy  Buyer Quantity  Sell  Seller Quantity  High  Low  Change  % Change  Fall Below  Rise Above  and more. You can double-click on a stock market and it will show you a graphical representation with date  price  and volume. If you hover the mouse on the graph  you can view information like Open  High  Low  Volume  Close  14w CCI  etc.It also contains a Technical Analysis menu which contains several indicators to choose from  such as indicators include EMA  SMA  RSI  MFI  and CCI. You can also switch the chart type between Price Volume and Candlestick. Additionally  you can save the graph data in a CSV or XLS file.All in all  it is a great free stock analysis software that supports a multi-lingual interface. Apart from Windows  it is also available on Android.Read: How to perform Regression Analysis in Windows 11/10?4] Incredible ChartsIncredible Charts is another free stock analysis software for Windows 11/10. It lets you perform stock analysis on all the major stock markets and exchanges. To use this free software  you need to register a free account and then sign in with the registered account. Also  do note that the free version of this software contains a 5-day free trial of premium data. When the trial ends  you will have access to free features and data only.You can choose a stock market like Indian BSE  Germany DAX  Madrid General Index  FTSE  Singapore Straits Times Index  Japan Nikkei Index  etc.  by going to the Securities > World Indexes option. It shows a chart (Candlestick  Point & Figure  or Equivolume) with the graphical representation of fetched data.It provides over 100 technical indicators to perform stock market analysis. These indicators include Proprietary Twiggs® Money Flow and Twiggs® Momentum  ATR  Chandelier  Parabolic  Bollinger Bands  Keltner Channels and Multiple MAs  Ichimoku Cloud and Heikin-Ashi Candlesticks  etc.Some more analysis tools provided in it include Auto-fit trendlines  Fibonacci tools  Raff  Linear  Regression  and Standard Deviation trend channels  and powerful stock screens. In it  you can also save charts as BMP or PNG images.Get it from incrediblecharts.com.See: RedCrab is a Statistical and Scientific Calculator for Windows 11/10.5] moneycontrol.commoneycontrol.com is a free stock analysis app for Windows 11. It is primarily an app that provides real-time news on the Indian stock market. However  you also get stock market information on markets from the US  European  and Asian regions. You can get information on global stock markets including Nasdaq  FTSE  CAC  DAX  Straits Times  Hang Seng  etc.It shows live updates on values like Opening Price  Today’s High/Low  Previous Close  and more with a graph. You can also fetch information like Currency  Mutual Funds  and Commodities. It offers a Market Movers module that shows information like top losers  top gainers  52w high/low  and active by volume/value for NSE and BSE.You also get a dedicated Portfolio Manager feature in it. However  to use it  you need to register a free account.You can download and install it from microsoft.com.Which software is best for stock analysis?There are many software available for stock analysis. However  if you are want to use a free one  I would recommend you use JStock or StockwareLite. These are really good stock analysis software that come with a great number of tools and features. You can fetch real-time information on various global markets using these freeware. You can also manage your portfolio using these software.Which software can I download free for technical analysis software for stock market?There are multiple options to download a stock market analysis software for free. You can try StockwareLite  JStock  or Incredible Charts. These are free software used for the analysis of global stock markets. There are some more software that you can use for free. We have shared a full list below  so check out the features of the free stock analysis software.Hope this article helps you find suitable stock analysis software for free.Now read:,positive,0.94,0.05,0.01,positive,0.88,0.12,0.01,True,English,"['Best Free Stock Analysis Software', 'Windows', 'best free stock analysis software', 'good free stock analysis software', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average', 'multiple stock analysis software', 'free stock analysis app', 'depth stock market analysis', 'myTrades JStock Incredible Charts', 'Exponential Moving Average', 'Simple Moving Average', 'specific trading instrument', 'Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation', 'Start Stock Filter', 'Stock Indicator Scanner', 'Stock Indicator Editor', 'Average True Range', 'top oversold stocks', 'top overbought stocks', 'Hang Seng Index', 'Relative Strength Index', 'Advanced Accelerator Application', 'specific stock market', 'different color schemes', 'global stock markets', 'respective stock exchange', 'Stock Watchlist tab', 'technical indicator tool', 'stock market graph', 'free software', 'Change Period option', 'Windows 11/10 PC', 'stock market information', 'depth analysis', 'free alternative', 'technical analysis', 'good thing', 'myTrades myTrades', '36 stock markets', 'Intraday Charts', 'stock exchanges', 'favorite stocks', 'dedicated tool', 'time period', 'time range', 'stock data', 'great app', 'different regions', 'technical indicators', 'different tabs', 'different continents', 'investment sector', 'future activity', 'essential tools', 'NYSE US', 'OSLO Norway', 'AMEX US', 'KLS Malaysia', 'index list', 'NYSE Composite', 'BSE Sensitive', 'wave patterns', 'Zero Line', 'last trade', 'last 1 month', 'Price Rate', 'Stochastic Oscillator', 'Aroon Oscillator', 'latest price', 'purchase price', 'purchase quantity', 'necessary tools', 'paid version', 'live news', 'useful news', 'related trends', 'separate module', 'Nasdaq Composite', 'Middle Eastern', 'respective information', 'Axcelis Technologies', 'Amazon.com', 'graphical report', 'p/e ratio', 'Ultimate Oscillators', 'advanced features', 'Franklin Oscillator', 'large database', 'ASX Australia', 'Close Value', 'Change Plot', 'main screen', 'other information', 'portfolio management', 'last date', 'low, date', 'investors', 'case', 'StockwareLite', 'detail', 'NSE-ALL', 'Euronext', 'FTSE', 'EMA', 'parameters', 'example', 'StockwarePro', 'updates', 'account', '14 days', 'notifications', 'Americas', 'European', 'African', 'ATX', 'CAC', 'DAX', 'AAON', 'BroadSoft', 'values', 'volume', 'requirements', 'bottom', 'microsoft', 'eye', 'initials']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,thewindowsclub.com
2233,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/fda-accepts-dupixent-dupilumab-priority-045900585.html,FDA Accepts Dupixent® (dupilumab) for Priority Review in Patients Aged 12 Years and Older with Eosinophilic Esophagitis,Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi today announced the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for Priority Review the...,"If approved  Dupixent would be the first medicine available in the U.S. indicated to treat eosinophilic esophagitisThere are approximately 160 000 patients in the U.S. living with eosinophilic esophagitis who are currently treated  of whom approximately 48 000 have failed multiple treatmentsTARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PARIS  April 4  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi today announced the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for Priority Review the supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for Dupixent® (dupilumab) 300 mg weekly to treat adult and pediatric patients aged 12 years and older with eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE)  a chronic and progressive type 2 inflammatory disease that damages the esophagus and impairs the ability to swallow. The target action date for the FDA decision on this investigational use is August 3  2022.The sBLA is supported by data from two Phase 3 trials evaluating the efficacy and safety of Dupixent 300 mg weekly in patients aged 12 years and older with EoE (Part A and Part B)  and data from an active long-term extension trial. Dupixent 300 mg weekly significantly improved the signs and symptoms of EoE at 24 weeks compared to placebo  including the ability to swallow and reduction in eosinophil count in the esophagus. The safety results of these trials were generally consistent with the known safety profile of Dupixent in its approved indications. The most common adverse event observed with Dupixent  in Part A and Part B  was injection site reactions.In September 2020  the U.S. FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy designation to Dupixent for the treatment of patients aged 12 years and older with EoE. Dupixent was also granted Orphan Drug designation for the potential treatment of EoE in 2017. Priority review is granted to therapies that have the potential to provide significant improvements in the treatment  diagnosis or prevention of serious conditions. Regulatory filings around the world are also planned in 2022. The potential use of Dupixent in EoE is currently under clinical development  and the safety and efficacy have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.Story continuesAbout Eosinophilic Esophagitis (EoE)EoE is a chronic  progressive type 2 inflammatory disease that damages the esophagus and prevents it from working properly. For people with EoE  swallowing the smallest amount of food can be a painful and worrisome choking experience. Those with EoE live with anxiety and frustration from having a constantly evolving list of foods to avoid. This disease can also cause narrowing of the esophagus and dilation (physical expansion) of the esophagus may be needed  which is often painful. In severe cases  a feeding tube is the only option to ensure proper caloric intake and adequate nutrition. People with EoE may have poor quality of life and are more likely to experience depression than people without EoE. There are approximately 160 000 patients in the U.S. living with EoE who are currently treated  of whom approximately 48 000 have failed multiple treatments.About DupixentDupixent  which was invented using Regeneron's proprietary VelocImmune® technology  is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. By demonstrating significant clinical benefit together with a decrease in type 2 inflammation following IL-4 and IL-13 blockade with Dupixent  the Dupixent Phase 3 clinical program has established that IL-4 and IL-13 are key drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases for which Dupixent is approved including atopic dermatitis  asthma and chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  as well as investigational diseases such as EoE and prurigo nodularis  which have been studied in Phase 3 trials.In the U.S.  Dupixent is approved in patients aged 6 years and older with uncontrolled moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis; as an add-on maintenance treatment of patients aged 6 years and older with moderate-to-severe asthma characterized by an eosinophilic phenotype or with oral corticosteroid-dependent asthma; and for use with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP) in adults whose disease is not controlled.Dupixent is also approved in Europe  Japan and other countries around the world for use in specific patients with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis and certain patients with asthma or CRSwNP in different age populations. Dupixent is approved in one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries around the world  and more than 400 000 patients have been treated globally.About Regeneron's VelocImmune TechnologyRegeneron's VelocImmune technology utilizes a proprietary genetically engineered mouse platform endowed with a genetically humanized immune system to produce optimized fully human antibodies. When Regeneron's President and Chief Scientific Officer George D. Yancopoulos was a graduate student with his mentor Frederick W. Alt in 1985  they were the first to envision making such a genetically humanized mouse  and Regeneron has spent decades inventing and developing VelocImmune and related VelociSuite® technologies. Dr. Yancopoulos and his team have used VelocImmune technology to create approximately a quarter of all original  FDA-approved or authorized fully human monoclonal antibodies currently available. This includes Dupixent  REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab)  Libtayo® (cemiplimab-rwlc)  Praluent® (alirocumab)  Kevzara® (sarilumab)  Evkeeza® (evinacumab-dgnb) and Inmazeb™ (atoltivimab  maftivimab  and odesivimab-ebgn).Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Regeneron and Sanofi are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes  including eosinophilic esophagitis (Phase 3)  pediatric atopic dermatitis (6 months to 5 years of age  Phase 3)  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis (Phase 3)  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation (Phase 3)  prurigo nodularis (Phase 3)  chronic spontaneous urticaria (Phase 3)  bullous pemphigoid (Phase 3)  chronic inducible urticaria-cold (Phase 3)  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis (Phase 3)  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (Phase 3) and peanut allergy (Phase 2). These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.U.S. IndicationsDUPIXENT is a prescription medicine used:to treat adults and children 6 years of age and older with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis (eczema) that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin (topical)  or who cannot use topical therapies. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with atopic dermatitis under 6 years of age.with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of moderate-to-severe eosinophilic or oral steroid dependent asthma in adults and children 6 years of age and older whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines. DUPIXENT helps prevent severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) and can improve your breathing. DUPIXENT may also help reduce the amount of oral corticosteroids you need while preventing severe asthma attacks and improving your breathing. DUPIXENT is not used to treat sudden breathing problems. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with asthma under 6 years of age.with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP) in adults whose disease is not controlled. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis under 18 years of age.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR U.S. PATIENTSDo not use if you are allergic to dupilumab or to any of the ingredients in DUPIXENT®.Before using DUPIXENT  tell your healthcare provider about all your medical conditions  including if you:have eye problemshave a parasitic (helminth) infectionare scheduled to receive any vaccinations. You should not receive a ""live vaccine"" right before and during treatment with DUPIXENT.are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. It is not known whether DUPIXENT will harm your unborn baby.are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known whether DUPIXENT passes into your breast milk.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the-counter medicines  vitamins and herbal supplements.Especially tell your healthcare provider if you are taking oral  topical  or inhaled corticosteroid medicines; have asthma and use an asthma medicine; or have atopic dermatitis or CRSwNP  and also have asthma. Do not change or stop your corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine without talking to your healthcare provider. This may cause other symptoms that were controlled by the corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine to come back.DUPIXENT can cause serious side effects  including:Allergic reactions. DUPIXENT can cause allergic reactions that can sometimes be severe. Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area.Eye problems . Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed.Inflammation of your blood vessels . Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever.Joint aches and pain. Some people who use DUPIXENT have had trouble walking or moving due to their joint symptoms  and in some cases needed to be hospitalized. Tell your healthcare provider about any new or worsening joint symptoms. Your healthcare provider may stop DUPIXENT if you develop joint symptoms.The most common side effects include:Atopic dermatitis: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  and cold sores in your mouth or on your lips.Asthma: injection site reactions  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  and parasitic (helminth) infections.Chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  toothache  gastritis  and joint pain (arthralgia).Tell your healthcare provider if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away. These are not all the possible side effects of DUPIXENT. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch  or call 1-800-FDA-1088.Use DUPIXENT exactly as prescribed by your healthcare provider. It's an injection given under the skin (subcutaneous injection). Your healthcare provider will decide if you or your caregiver can inject DUPIXENT. Do not try to prepare and inject DUPIXENT until you or your caregiver have been trained by your healthcare provider. In children 12 years of age and older  it's recommended DUPIXENT be administered by or under supervision of an adult. In children under 12 years of age  DUPIXENT should be given by a caregiver.Please see accompanying full Prescribing Information including Patient Information.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for nearly 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite technologies  such as VelocImmune  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For additional information about the company  please visit www.regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people's lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN and NASDAQ: SNY.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (""Regeneron"" or the ""Company"")  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as ""anticipate "" ""expect "" ""intend "" ""plan "" ""believe "" ""seek "" ""estimate "" variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron's business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron's and its collaborators' ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron's ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  ""Regeneron's Products"")  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron's Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  ""Regeneron's Product Candidates"") and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of eosinophilic esophagitis; the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron's Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron's Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of eosinophilic esophagitis (including potential approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration based on the supplemental Biologics License Application discussed in this press release)  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  pediatric atopic dermatitis  bullous pemphigoid  prurigo nodularis  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis  peanut allergy  and other potential indications; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron's Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing or any potential regulatory approval of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron's collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron's Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron's ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron's Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron's Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron's agreements with Sanofi  Bayer  and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Dupixent  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab))  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron's business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management's current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron's media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Sanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""plans"" and similar expressions. Although Sanofi's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under ""Risk Factors"" and ""Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements"" in Sanofi's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.Regeneron Contacts: Media Relations Ashleigh Dixon Tel: +1 914-374-2422 Ashleigh.Dixon@regeneron.com Investor Relations Vesna Tosic Tel: +1 914-847-5443 Vesna.Tosic@regeneron.comSanofi Contacts:Media Relations Sally Bain Tel: +1 781-264-1091 Sally.Bain@sanofi.com Investor RelationsEva Schaefer-Jansen Tel: +33 7 86 80 56 39 eva.schaefer-jansen@sanofi.comArnaud Delepine Tel: +33 (0)6 73 69 36 93 arnaud.delepine@sanofi.comCorentine Driancourt Tel: +33 (0)6 40 56 92 corentine.driancourt@sanofi.comFelix Lauscher Tel: +1 908-612-7239 felix.lauscher@sanofi.comPriya Nanduri priya.nanduri@sanofi.comNathalie Pham Tel: +33 (0)7 85 93 30 17 nathalie.pham@sanofi.comCisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fda-accepts-dupixent-dupilumab-for-priority-review-in-patients-aged-12-years-and-older-with-eosinophilic-esophagitis-301516398.htmlSOURCE Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc.",neutral,0.01,0.95,0.05,mixed,0.06,0.12,0.83,True,English,"['Priority Review', 'Eosinophilic Esophagitis', 'FDA', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'Patients', 'chronic, progressive type 2 inflammatory disease', 'supplemental Biologics License Application', 'active long-term extension trial', 'Dupixent Phase 3 clinical program', 'target action date', 'common adverse event', 'injection site reactions', 'Breakthrough Therapy designation', 'worrisome choking experience', 'proper caloric intake', 'different age populations', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'Orphan Drug designation', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'significant clinical benefit', 'two Phase 3 trials', 'severe atopic dermatitis', 'oral corticosteroid-dependent asthma', 'proprietary VelocImmune® technology', 'U.S. Food', 'U.S. FDA', 'type 2 inflammation', 'clinical development', 'VelocImmune Technology', 'Drug Administration', 'significant improvements', 'severe cases', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', 'human antibodies', 'severe asthma', 'first medicine', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'multiple treatments', 'N.Y.', 'Priority Review', 'FDA decision', 'Part A', 'Part B', 'eosinophil count', 'serious conditions', 'Regulatory filings', 'regulatory authority', 'smallest amount', 'evolving list', 'physical expansion', 'feeding tube', 'adequate nutrition', 'poor quality', 'IL-13 blockade', 'key drivers', 'major role', 'multiple related', 'morbid diseases', 'nasal polyposis', 'investigational diseases', 'prurigo nodularis', 'eosinophilic phenotype', 'other medicines', 'mouse platform', 'immune system', 'maintenance treatment', 'investigational use', 'safety results', 'safety profile', 'other countries', 'uncontrolled moderate', 'potential treatment', 'Regeneron Pharmaceuticals', 'pediatric patients', 'specific patients', 'potential use', 'Dupixent 300 mg', '60 countries', 'Dupixent®', '160,000 patients', '400,000 patients', 'TARRYTOWN', 'PARIS', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'REGN', 'Sanofi', 'sBLA', 'dupilumab', 'adult', 'EoE', 'esophagus', 'ability', 'August', 'data', 'efficacy', 'signs', 'symptoms', '24 weeks', 'placebo', 'reduction', 'indications', 'September', 'years', 'therapies', 'diagnosis', 'prevention', 'world', 'Story', 'people', 'painful', 'anxiety', 'frustration', 'foods', 'narrowing', 'dilation', 'option', 'life', 'depression', 'signaling', 'interleukin-4', 'interleukin-13', '13) pathways', 'immunosuppressant', 'decrease', 'IL-4', 'CRSwNP', 'add', 'Europe', 'Japan', 'engineered', 'President']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2234,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.thisismoney.co.uk/money/investing/article-10648215/What-happens-delisted-shares.html,What happens to delisted shares?,Take-private deals have seen more UK companies delisting from the stock exchange. What happens if the company you're invested in has been delisted or suspended from trading?,The growing valuation gap between UK-listed companies and their US peers has made take-private deals more attractive to private equity firms and it has led to a handful of companies delisting.Additionally  the current geopolitical backdrop has also led to a number of companies being suspended from the London Stock Exchange.But what happens if you're invested in a company that has been bought out and delisted  or the company is removed entirely from the exchange involuntarily?Companies can choose to be delisted from the stock exchange or suspended for failing to meet regulatory requirementsWhy are companies delisted?A company is delisted when it is removed from a stock exchange. Companies can choose to delist by choice  whether to reduce costs  particularly for smaller companies  or cut the time taken to make decisions.If a company is delisted they no longer have to wait for shareholders and the board of directors to vote on proposals.More often than not take-private deals occur when a company is taken over or merged with another company.There has been a flurry of take-private deals over the past year including Clayton  Dubilier and Rice's takeover of Morrisons  and the AA  bought by Warburg Pincus and TowerBrook Capital Partners.Exchanges can also force companies to delist if they don't meet the regulatory requirements.The London Stock Exchange  for example  requires all listed companies to hold a minimum market cap of £700 000.Other requirements include having a stock price above a certain value and filing annual reports on time.What happens if a company is taken private?The total value of companies bought out by private equity firms and delisted has rocketed to £29.3billion over the last 12 months  according to research by accountancy firm BDO.When a company is approached by a private equity firm the board has to decide whether it wants to recommend the deal to shareholders. If it does the majority of voting shareholders then have to agree to the offer at the proposed price.It usually happens at a premium to the company's existing share price because PE firms tend to go after firms that look undervalued or are trading at a discount.'PE firms want to buy companies that they think can be run better than they're being run now. Or at the very least  where they can strip the company of its assets and sell these for a profit.'After all  that's how they get a return on their investment; unlocking or creating seemingly ignored value ' said Freetrade analyst Gemma Boothroyd.'Existing shareholders can often walk away with a gain on their holdings. But that doesn't mean the premium will be higher than where that share price has stood in previous months or years  assuming that the share price has declined in recent years which has led to the take-private approach in the first place.'So it's no guarantee that all shareholders will benefit from a PE takeover.'Everyday investors who oppose the proposal can make their position known by voting against it but it is unlikely to make much of a difference if institutional investors are largely in favour.After a four month battle  private equity firm Clayton  Dubilier & Rice bought Morrisons for £10bn in a take-private dealGenerally  the acquirer will put forward a cash offer or a tender offer which are often financed using a mixture of cash and shares. Once the company has gone private it will be delisted from the stock exchange.Boothroyd notes that investors can still gain exposure to a company if it's taken private if the PE firm is publicly listed  like KKR.It would not be a direct investment however but it could allow for some continued investment in the once-listed company.Investment platform AJ Bell confirmed it will send a message to shareholders if a company is delisted.'This message will have a brief summary of what has happened and a link to the full statement from the company so customers are up to date with any proceedings. When we receive more information from the delisted firm  we pass this straight onto the customer  including any voting options that might be available.'The shares will remain in the customer's portfolio online with a nil value until the delisted company comes to a final decision.'What happens to shares if a company is merged with another public company?A company could also be taken over or merged with a company that is already publicly listed.In this scenario the holding will be swapped for either a new holding in the buyer or an amount of cash.In 2017 Standard Life and Aberdeen Asset Management merged to form Standard Life Aberdeen in an £11billion deal.Standard Life shareholders held 66.7 per cent of the new company and the remaining amount went to Aberdeen shareholders.What happens if the company is still listed on another exchange?Often a company will be listed on different exchanges but if a company delists from one exchange then investors won't necessarily lose access to the shares.A cross-listing allows companies to list shares on several exchanges. A company just has to meet the listing requirements of a local exchange and demonstrate it will treat its shareholders equally.A dual listing also allows companies to list on different exchanges and usually happens when two listed firms merge.WHAT HAPPENS TO SHARES IN PASSIVE FUNDS? You may not invest in individual stocks and instead invest through a passive tracker. If a company that is delisted is held in a fund it will be removed from the fund. If it is tracking an exchange like the S&P 500 the fund is realigned and will be replaced with an existing company. Susannah Streeter  senior investments and markets analyst at Hargreaves Lansdown said: 'When a share held in a passive fund is delisted  its value is typically reduced to zero before being removed from the fund. This is likely to have a negative impact on the tracking error versus the benchmark.'For example  when US cruise operator Carnival bought P&O Princess in 2002 it kept its listings in both London and the NYSE. While they act as one company they're set up as two separate legal entities which means the shares are not interchangeable.However with a cross-listing if you buy shares in a company on the LSE they'll be the same as those listed on the NYSE.'Talks of the US delisting foreign companies that fail to comply with their auditing standards could mean these companies are taken off the US exchanges ' said Boothroyd.'But if investors still wanted access to the companies  they could theoretically invest wherever they're cross-listed.'AJ Bell said if a stock's main listing moves from London to another HMRC recognised stock exchange - which includes Stockholm  Tel Aviv and Euronext - it will keep customers informed and update their portfolios accordingly.Interactive Investor said if a UK company is taken over by a foreign company listed on another exchange it will do its best to ensure the customer can sell the shares at some stage.'We feel this is an advantage of a platform like ii that chooses to access these exchanges rather than rely on CREST settled securities. Be aware however that it can take some time and there is also a possibility that in some cases it may not be possible to trade the shares depending where they are listed.'What happens if the company goes bankrupt?Things get a little more complicated if a company is delisted because it has gone bankrupt.It is very rare for a large public company to delist because of bankruptcy but it has happened and it can be confusing.Susannah Streeter  Hargreaves Lansdown's senior investment and markets analyst said: 'If a company is delisted because it's gone bankrupt  gone into liquidation or into administration  it doesn't always mean the end of the road for shareholders  as in some cases  a company can emerge from this situation and resume trading.'However  for the most part  the shares will be cancelled  meaning shareholders get no return on their investment.'Usually  an insolvent business will go into administration and a consulting or accounting firm is appointed to manage the company and settle its remaining debts.The administrators distribute the remaining assets to pay off the debts but shareholders tend to be at the bottom of the pile. Secured creditors like banks and institutional lenders  unpaid employees and suppliers are paid before investors.'Unfortunately  the shareholders of a company that's gone bust will find themselves at the bottom of the list of debtors  meaning that quite often they don't get anything back at all ' says Streeter.The outcome is dependent on how much the company is worth and how much debt it has accrued. If the assets are smaller than the debt pile the creditors take everything and can shut down the business or continue as a new private company owned entirely by the creditors.If the assets are greater than the debt the creditors get paid and shareholders get the value of anything left over in cash.A company might survive and issue new stock but it is unlikely as the debt pile tends to strip out any remaining value.Streeter adds: 'Debenhams' shareholders had their investments wiped out when the company fell into administration  and there was a domino effect for shareholders of Sports Direct International  now Frasers Group  given the company's 30 per cent stake in the business evaporated.'Shareholders in Patisserie Valerie also saw their holdings eaten up after it collapsed. It represented a double blow  given that just months before institutional investors in the company had stumped up £15million in an emergency fundraising round in a bid to keep it afloat.'What happens if the shares are suspended?In extraordinary circumstances  trading in shares of certain companies is suspended.This is usually because the Financial Conduct Authority thinks it is necessary to protect investors or the company has failed to meet its obligations including publishing financial information.You maintain your shareholder rights if shares are suspended but you will be unable to execute or place any trades for the company.Recently the LSE suspended trading in 27 companies with links to Russia  including energy and banking firms Gazprom and Sberbank.AJ Bell told us that with suspended shares  such as Evraz or other Russian-linked stocks  the holdings will show in customer portfolios  valued at the price the stock was suspended at.Hargreaves Lansdown added: 'If a company's shares have been suspended  it won't be possible to trade. However  shares can continue to be held digitally and the value shown on the app or online will be as at the day they were suspended.',neutral,0.02,0.91,0.08,negative,0.01,0.16,0.83,True,English,"['shares', 'Freetrade analyst Gemma Boothroyd', 'The London Stock Exchange', 'growing valuation gap', 'current geopolitical backdrop', 'TowerBrook Capital Partners', 'minimum market cap', 'four month battle', 'Aberdeen Asset Management', 'Standard Life Aberdeen', 'private equity firms', 'Standard Life shareholders', 'existing share price', 'stock price', 'private deals', 'private approach', 'Aberdeen shareholders', 'accountancy firm', 'PE firms', 'Existing shareholders', 'one exchange', 'US peers', 'regulatory requirements', 'past year', 'Warburg Pincus', 'Other requirements', 'annual reports', 'last 12 months', 'previous months', 'first place', 'AJ Bell', 'brief summary', 'full statement', 'voting options', 'final decision', '66.7 per cent', 'direct investment', 'continued investment', 'Investment platform', 'tender offer', '£11billion deal', 'different exchanges', 'several exchanges', 'voting shareholders', 'total value', 'recent years', 'PE takeover', 'Everyday investors', 'institutional investors', 'nil value', 'new holding', 'remaining amount', 'UK-listed companies', 'smaller companies', 'public company', 'new company', 'cash offer', 'handful', 'number', 'choice', 'costs', 'time', 'decisions', 'board', 'directors', 'proposals', 'flurry', 'Clayton', 'Dubilier', 'Morrisons', 'AA', 'example', 'research', 'BDO', 'majority', 'premium', 'discount', 'assets', 'profit', 'return', 'gain', 'holdings', 'guarantee', 'position', 'difference', 'favour', 'acquirer', 'mixture', 'shares', 'exposure', 'KKR.', 'message', 'link', 'customers', 'date', 'proceedings', 'information', 'portfolio', 'scenario', 'buyer', 'access', 'cross-listing', '2017']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,thisismoney.co.uk
2235,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com:443/news-releases/defi-technologies-announces-shareholder-call-to-discuss-2021-financial-results-301516614.html,DeFi Technologies Announces Shareholder Call to Discuss 2021 Financial Results,"TORONTO  April 4  2022 /PRNewswire/ - DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF)  a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralized finance  today announces it wi…","TORONTO  April 4  2022 /PRNewswire/ - DeFi Technologies Inc. (the ""Company"" or ""DeFi Technologies"") (NEO: DEFI) (GR: RMJR) (OTC: DEFTF)  a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralized finance  today announces it will conduct a shareholder call on Wednesday April 6  2021 at 4:15 p.m. EST to discuss its strong financial performance for the three and twelve-month period ending December 31  2021.Executive Chairman & CEO Russell Starr will present the webcast.IMPORTANT – Click here to register for the webcast.Or register online at:https://viavid.webcasts.com/starthere.jsp?ei=1541740&tp_key=21ceb2de94Learn more about DeFi Technologies at defi.tech .About DeFi TechnologiesDeFi Technologies Inc. is a technology company bridging the gap between traditional capital markets and decentralised finance. Our mission is to expand investor access to industry-leading decentralised technologies which we believe lie at the heart of the future of finance. On behalf of our shareholders and investors  we identify opportunities and areas of innovation  and build and invest in new technologies and ventures in order to provide trusted  diversified exposure across the decentralized finance ecosystem. For more information or to subscribe to receive company updates and financial information  visit https://defi.tech/.Cautionary note regarding forward-looking information:This press release contains ""forward-looking information"" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. Forward-looking information includes  but is not limited to  statements with respect to the Company's upcoming webcast; the growth of AUM; expansion of DeFi Technologies and Valour into other geographic areas; the growth and adoption of decentralized finance; the pursuit by DeFi Technologies and its subsidiaries of business opportunities; and the merits or potential returns of any such opportunities. Generally  forward-looking information can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as ""plans""  ""expects"" or ""does not expect""  ""is expected""  ""budget""  ""scheduled""  ""estimates""  ""forecasts""  ""intends""  ""anticipates"" or ""does not anticipate""  or ""believes""  or variations of such words and phrases or state that certain actions  events or results ""may""  ""could""  ""would""  ""might"" or ""will be taken""  ""occur"" or ""be achieved"". Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks  uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results  level of activity  performance or achievements of the Company  as the case may be  to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Such risks  uncertainties and other factors include  but is not limited to acceptance of Valour ETPs by Frankfurt  Euronext and other exchanges; investor demand for DeFi Technologies' and Valour's products; the growth and development of DeFi and cryptocurrency sector; rules and regulations with respect to DeFi and cryptocurrency; general business  economic  competitive  political and social uncertainties. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking information  there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated  estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such information will prove to be accurate  as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly  readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking information  except in accordance with applicable securities laws.THE NEO STOCK EXCHANGE DOES NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS RELEASESOURCE DeFi Technologies  Inc.",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,negative,0.04,0.2,0.76,True,English,"['DeFi Technologies', 'Shareholder Call', '2021 Financial Results', 'applicable Canadian securities legislation', 'applicable securities laws', 'traditional capital markets', 'CEO Russell Starr', 'trusted, diversified exposure', 'NEO STOCK EXCHANGE', 'industry-leading decentralised technologies', 'strong financial performance', 'DeFi Technologies Inc.', 'SOURCE DeFi Technologies', 'decentralized finance ecosystem', 'other geographic areas', 'decentralised finance', 'new technologies', 'financial information', 'other factors', 'other exchanges', 'shareholder call', 'twelve-month period', 'Executive Chairman', 'defi.tech', 'investor access', 'Cautionary note', 'potential returns', 'forward-looking terminology', 'unknown risks', 'Such risks', 'investor demand', 'important factors', 'undue reliance', 'looking information', 'actual results', 'technology company', 'company updates', 'press release', 'cryptocurrency sector', 'upcoming webcast', 'business opportunities', 'Valour ETPs', 'social uncertainties', 'future events', 'The Company', 'TORONTO', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'RMJR', 'OTC', 'DEFTF', 'gap', 'Wednesday', 'three', 'December', 'viavid', 'mission', 'heart', 'behalf', 'shareholders', 'investors', 'innovation', 'ventures', 'order', 'meaning', 'statements', 'respect', 'growth', 'AUM', 'expansion', 'adoption', 'pursuit', 'subsidiaries', 'merits', 'use', 'plans', 'forecasts', 'variations', 'words', 'phrases', 'actions', 'level', 'activity', 'achievements', 'case', 'acceptance', 'Frankfurt', 'Euronext', 'products', 'development', 'rules', 'regulations', 'political', 'assurance', 'readers', 'accordance', 'RESPONSIBILITY', 'ADEQUACY', 'ACCURACY', 'THIS', '4:15']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,prnewswire.com
2236,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2022/04/04/business/financial-markets/tse-overhaul-issues/,Tokyo stock market needs more than a shake-up to lure foreign investors,Investors and market observers say they find a recent shake-up less than attractive  saying they are looking more for companies that create innovations to stand out among global competitors.,The Tokyo stock market is trumpeting its largest overhaul in decades to lure more foreign investors. Still  the bourse is missing something such investors have long awaited — companies with great growth potential.Its operator  Tokyo Stock Exchange Inc.  on Monday reorganized its four trading sections into three — Prime  Standard and Growth — for the roughly 3 800 listed companies to be categorized under more distinctive rules to sharpen the focus of each market.The reform came as Japan tries to cement a foothold for the Tokyo market as an international financial hub after its reputation was tarnished by a trading system failure in 2020 that caused an unprecedented full-day trade halt. The setback came in stark contrast to the rise in its U.S. and some Asian peers.Investors and market observers say they find the shake-up less than attractive  saying they are looking more for companies that create innovations to stand out among global competitors than for improving market availability.“There is definitely sentiment among investors that there are markets in other Asian countries with many attractive companies ” said Hidetaka Kawakita  an honorary professor at Kyoto University who specializes in stock market analysis. “Compared to them  Japanese companies seem to boast little growth and little increase in stock value.”The reorganization is designed to specify the concepts of each of the three new sections to make it more convenient for investors to pick which stocks to buy. The operator also aims to encourage listed companies to pursue growth more persistently and strengthen governance to raise their corporate value  by imposing higher requirements for market capitalization and outside directors.The TSE last carried out a large-scale restructuring of its trading sections in 1961 when it introduced the First Section and Second Section.The top-tier Prime section  equivalent to the former First Section  is made up of 1 839 companies  or over 80% of the total listed on the previous leading section  and centers on inviting global investors.A company in the new top division must have floating shares worth at least ¥10 billion ($81.6 million) that account for 35% or more of its outstanding shares.About 300 companies have yet to meet the listing criteria for the Prime section  stricter than for the Standard section for midsize firms and Growth section for up-and-comers. But their shares can be traded in the section  pending improvement in operations based on business plans they submitted to the bourse prior to the market section revamp.“It’s more cosmetic than anything else ” said Masakazu Takeda  a portfolio manager of Hennessy Japan Fund  which manages a total asset of about $801 million as of December and is run by California-based Hennessy Funds.“What’s the point if you have 2 000 plus companies on the First Section of the TSE and a few years down the road you still have roughly the same number of listed names?” he said. “It’s not going to help foreign investors sift through the universe.”Foreign investors are of great importance to the TSE  making up about 70% of the trading value on the former First Section.According to data by the World Federation of Exchanges  the Tokyo Stock Exchange had a market capitalization of domestic shares worth $6.17 trillion as of February. The value came fifth among global stock exchanges but makes up only a quarter of the New York Stock Exchange  the world’s largest bourse home to names like Visa Inc.  Johnson & Johnson and Coca-Cola Co.The Tokyo bourse was also behind the U.S. Nasdaq stock market  home to the tech giants known as GAFA including Google LLC and Apple Inc.  the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Euronext  a pan-European bourse.The reorganization “is not a solution for this  and not hitting a right point at all. A sense of urgency to change is what is missing in Japan ” Masakazu Hosomizu  partner and portfolio manager at U.S. firm RMB Capital  said.He said that foreign investors pour their capital in high-quality Japanese companies that meet their own criteria in areas such as corporate governance and capital efficiency.Toyota Motor Corp.  the world’s largest automaker by volume  had its market capitalization briefly top ¥40 trillion or about $330 billion for the first time in January  ahead of other global names in Japan like Sony Group Corp. and SoftBank Group Corp.But it was still far behind Apple that became the world’s first company to top $3 trillion in January or U.S. electric carmaker Tesla Inc. with over $1 trillion in market capitalization.Kyoto University’s Kawakita sees the reorganization as a “fine-tuning” rather than a reform but a “first step” in creating change in the Japanese market.He said he hopes the bourse will go on to implement tougher standards for listed companies in the future  such as requiring a market capitalization of ¥100 billion to have major Japanese companies understand that they cannot stay on the top tier without growth.Hosomizu at RMB Capital said that the TSE should impose tighter listing rules to prompt companies to bolster corporate governance and the monitoring of their management. The TSE could demand hiring more outside directors than the current one-third of the board members required of companies on the Prime section.Akira Kiyota  the chief executive of Japan Exchange Group Inc.  the parent of the TSE  expects the shake-up and stricter requirements to incentivize listed companies to improve their corporate value.“I have high expectations that this reform will be a motivator for companies to work on their corporate value ” he said at a regular press conference last week. “I would like to see the Prime market consist of companies that can attract global investors as its concept states.”PHOTO GALLERY (CLICK TO ENLARGE),neutral,0.08,0.57,0.35,mixed,0.08,0.18,0.74,True,English,"['Tokyo stock market', 'foreign investors', 'shake-up', 'U.S. electric carmaker Tesla Inc.', 'U.S. Nasdaq stock market', 'unprecedented full-day trade halt', 'New York Stock Exchange', 'Tokyo Stock Exchange Inc.', 'The Tokyo stock market', 'U.S. firm', 'Shanghai Stock Exchange', 'international financial hub', 'California-based Hennessy Funds', 'Toyota Motor Corp.', 'Sony Group Corp.', 'SoftBank Group Corp', 'new top division', 'stock market analysis', 'trading system failure', 'other Asian countries', 'previous leading section', 'four trading sections', 'three new sections', 'tighter listing rules', 'global stock exchanges', 'many attractive companies', 'The Tokyo bourse', 'former First Section', 'Hennessy Japan Fund', 'high-quality Japanese companies', 'major Japanese companies', 'top-tier Prime section', 'great growth potential', 'other global names', 'Tokyo market', 'Visa Inc.', 'stock value', 'Apple Inc.', 'Japanese market', 'market section', 'distinctive rules', 'Asian peers', 'global competitors', 'great importance', 'top tier', 'market observers', 'market availability', 'market capitalization', 'first time', 'first step', 'The TSE', 'Second Section', 'trading value', 'global investors', 'largest overhaul', 'stark contrast', 'honorary professor', 'Kyoto University', 'little increase', 'higher requirements', 'outside directors', 'large-scale restructuring', 'listing criteria', 'midsize firms', 'business plans', 'Masakazu Takeda', 'portfolio manager', 'same number', 'Coca-Cola Co', 'tech giants', 'Google LLC', 'largest automaker', 'tougher standards', '3,800 listed companies', 'Growth section', '2,000 plus companies', 'first company', 'corporate value', 'floating shares', 'outstanding shares', 'Standard section', 'domestic shares', 'RMB Capital', 'capital efficiency', 'little growth', 'largest bourse', 'pan-European bourse', 'foreign investors', 'Hidetaka Kawakita', 'total asset', 'right point', 'Masakazu Hosomizu', 'corporate governance', 'World Federation', '1,839 companies', '300 companies', 'decades', 'something', 'operator', 'Monday', 'focus', 'reform', 'foothold', 'reputation', 'setback', 'rise', 'shake-up', 'innovations', 'sentiment', 'markets', 'reorganization', 'concepts', 'stocks', 'comers', 'improvement', 'operations', 'December', 'road', 'universe', 'data', 'February', 'quarter', 'Johnson', 'GAFA', 'Euronext', 'solution', 'sense', 'urgency', 'partner', 'areas', 'volume', 'January', 'fine-tuning', 'future']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,japantimes.co.jp
2237,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fda-accepts-dupixent-dupilumab-for-priority-review-in-patients-aged-12-years-and-older-with-eosinophilic-esophagitis-301516398.html,FDA Accepts Dupixent® (dupilumab) for Priority Review in Patients Aged 12 Years and Older with Eosinophilic Esophagitis,If approved  Dupixent would be the first medicine available in the U.S. indicated to treat eosinophilic esophagitis There are approximately 160 000 patients in the U.S. living with eosinophilic esophagitis who are currently treated  of whom approximately 48 0…,"If approved  Dupixent would be the first medicine available in the U.S. indicated to treat eosinophilic esophagitisThere are approximately 160 000 patients in the U.S. living with eosinophilic esophagitis who are currently treated  of whom approximately 48 000 have failed multiple treatmentsTARRYTOWN  N.Y. and PARIS  April 4  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (NASDAQ: REGN) and Sanofi today announced the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has accepted for Priority Review the supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for Dupixent® (dupilumab) 300 mg weekly to treat adult and pediatric patients aged 12 years and older with eosinophilic esophagitis (EoE)  a chronic and progressive type 2 inflammatory disease that damages the esophagus and impairs the ability to swallow. The target action date for the FDA decision on this investigational use is August 3  2022.The sBLA is supported by data from two Phase 3 trials evaluating the efficacy and safety of Dupixent 300 mg weekly in patients aged 12 years and older with EoE (Part A and Part B)  and data from an active long-term extension trial. Dupixent 300 mg weekly significantly improved the signs and symptoms of EoE at 24 weeks compared to placebo  including the ability to swallow and reduction in eosinophil count in the esophagus. The safety results of these trials were generally consistent with the known safety profile of Dupixent in its approved indications. The most common adverse event observed with Dupixent  in Part A and Part B  was injection site reactions.In September 2020  the U.S. FDA granted Breakthrough Therapy designation to Dupixent for the treatment of patients aged 12 years and older with EoE. Dupixent was also granted Orphan Drug designation for the potential treatment of EoE in 2017. Priority review is granted to therapies that have the potential to provide significant improvements in the treatment  diagnosis or prevention of serious conditions. Regulatory filings around the world are also planned in 2022. The potential use of Dupixent in EoE is currently under clinical development  and the safety and efficacy have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.About Eosinophilic Esophagitis (EoE)EoE is a chronic  progressive type 2 inflammatory disease that damages the esophagus and prevents it from working properly. For people with EoE  swallowing the smallest amount of food can be a painful and worrisome choking experience. Those with EoE live with anxiety and frustration from having a constantly evolving list of foods to avoid. This disease can also cause narrowing of the esophagus and dilation (physical expansion) of the esophagus may be needed  which is often painful. In severe cases  a feeding tube is the only option to ensure proper caloric intake and adequate nutrition. People with EoE may have poor quality of life and are more likely to experience depression than people without EoE. There are approximately 160 000 patients in the U.S. living with EoE who are currently treated  of whom approximately 48 000 have failed multiple treatments.About DupixentDupixent  which was invented using Regeneron's proprietary VelocImmune® technology  is a fully human monoclonal antibody that inhibits the signaling of the interleukin-4 (IL-4) and interleukin-13 (IL-13) pathways and is not an immunosuppressant. By demonstrating significant clinical benefit together with a decrease in type 2 inflammation following IL-4 and IL-13 blockade with Dupixent  the Dupixent Phase 3 clinical program has established that IL-4 and IL-13 are key drivers of the type 2 inflammation that plays a major role in multiple related and often co-morbid diseases for which Dupixent is approved including atopic dermatitis  asthma and chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP)  as well as investigational diseases such as EoE and prurigo nodularis  which have been studied in Phase 3 trials.In the U.S.  Dupixent is approved in patients aged 6 years and older with uncontrolled moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis; as an add-on maintenance treatment of patients aged 6 years and older with moderate-to-severe asthma characterized by an eosinophilic phenotype or with oral corticosteroid-dependent asthma; and for use with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP) in adults whose disease is not controlled.Dupixent is also approved in Europe  Japan and other countries around the world for use in specific patients with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis and certain patients with asthma or CRSwNP in different age populations. Dupixent is approved in one or more of these indications in more than 60 countries around the world  and more than 400 000 patients have been treated globally.About Regeneron's VelocImmune TechnologyRegeneron's VelocImmune technology utilizes a proprietary genetically engineered mouse platform endowed with a genetically humanized immune system to produce optimized fully human antibodies. When Regeneron's President and Chief Scientific Officer George D. Yancopoulos was a graduate student with his mentor Frederick W. Alt in 1985  they were the first to envision making such a genetically humanized mouse  and Regeneron has spent decades inventing and developing VelocImmune and related VelociSuite® technologies. Dr. Yancopoulos and his team have used VelocImmune technology to create approximately a quarter of all original  FDA-approved or authorized fully human monoclonal antibodies currently available. This includes Dupixent  REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab)  Libtayo® (cemiplimab-rwlc)  Praluent® (alirocumab)  Kevzara® (sarilumab)  Evkeeza® (evinacumab-dgnb) and Inmazeb™ (atoltivimab  maftivimab  and odesivimab-ebgn).Dupilumab Development ProgramDupilumab is being jointly developed by Regeneron and Sanofi under a global collaboration agreement. To date  dupilumab has been studied across more than 60 clinical trials involving more than 10 000 patients with various chronic diseases driven in part by type 2 inflammation.In addition to the currently approved indications  Regeneron and Sanofi are studying dupilumab in a broad range of diseases driven by type 2 inflammation or other allergic processes  including eosinophilic esophagitis (Phase 3)  pediatric atopic dermatitis (6 months to 5 years of age  Phase 3)  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis (Phase 3)  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation (Phase 3)  prurigo nodularis (Phase 3)  chronic spontaneous urticaria (Phase 3)  bullous pemphigoid (Phase 3)  chronic inducible urticaria-cold (Phase 3)  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis (Phase 3)  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (Phase 3) and peanut allergy (Phase 2). These potential uses of dupilumab are currently under clinical investigation  and the safety and efficacy in these conditions have not been fully evaluated by any regulatory authority.U.S. IndicationsDUPIXENT is a prescription medicine used:to treat adults and children 6 years of age and older with moderate-to-severe atopic dermatitis (eczema) that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin (topical)  or who cannot use topical therapies. DUPIXENT can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with atopic dermatitis under 6 years of age.with other asthma medicines for the maintenance treatment of moderate-to-severe eosinophilic or oral steroid dependent asthma in adults and children 6 years of age and older whose asthma is not controlled with their current asthma medicines. DUPIXENT helps prevent severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) and can improve your breathing. DUPIXENT may also help reduce the amount of oral corticosteroids you need while preventing severe asthma attacks and improving your breathing. DUPIXENT is not used to treat sudden breathing problems. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with asthma under 6 years of age.with other medicines for the maintenance treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis (CRSwNP) in adults whose disease is not controlled. It is not known if DUPIXENT is safe and effective in children with chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis under 18 years of age.IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION FOR U.S. PATIENTSDo not use if you are allergic to dupilumab or to any of the ingredients in DUPIXENT®.Before using DUPIXENT  tell your healthcare provider about all your medical conditions  including if you:have eye problemshave a parasitic (helminth) infectionare scheduled to receive any vaccinations. You should not receive a ""live vaccine"" right before and during treatment with DUPIXENT.are pregnant or plan to become pregnant. It is not known whether DUPIXENT will harm your unborn baby.A pregnancy registry for women who take DUPIXENT during pregnancy collects information about the health of you and your baby. To enroll or get more information call 1-877-311-8972 or go to https://mothertobaby.org/ongoing-study/dupixent/are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed. It is not known whether DUPIXENT passes into your breast milk.Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the-counter medicines  vitamins and herbal supplements.Especially tell your healthcare provider if you are taking oral  topical  or inhaled corticosteroid medicines; have asthma and use an asthma medicine; or have atopic dermatitis or CRSwNP  and also have asthma. Do not change or stop your corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine without talking to your healthcare provider. This may cause other symptoms that were controlled by the corticosteroid medicine or other asthma medicine to come back.DUPIXENT can cause serious side effects  including:Allergic reactions. DUPIXENT can cause allergic reactions that can sometimes be severe. Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area.Stop using DUPIXENT and tell your healthcare provider or get emergency help right away if you get any of the following signs or symptoms: breathing problems or wheezing  swelling of the face  lips  mouth  tongue or throat  fainting  dizziness  feeling lightheaded  fast pulse  fever  hives  joint pain  general ill feeling  itching  skin rash  swollen lymph nodes  nausea or vomiting  or cramps in your stomach-area. Eye problems . Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed.. Tell your healthcare provider if you have any new or worsening eye problems  including eye pain or changes in vision  such as blurred vision. Your healthcare provider may send you to an ophthalmologist for an exam if needed. Inflammation of your blood vessels . Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever.. Rarely  this can happen in people with asthma who receive DUPIXENT. This may happen in people who also take a steroid medicine by mouth that is being stopped or the dose is being lowered. It is not known whether this is caused by DUPIXENT. Tell your healthcare provider right away if you have: rash  chest pain  worsening shortness of breath  a feeling of pins and needles or numbness of your arms or legs  or persistent fever. Joint aches and pain. Some people who use DUPIXENT have had trouble walking or moving due to their joint symptoms  and in some cases needed to be hospitalized. Tell your healthcare provider about any new or worsening joint symptoms. Your healthcare provider may stop DUPIXENT if you develop joint symptoms.The most common side effects include:Atopic dermatitis: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  and cold sores in your mouth or on your lips.injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  and cold sores in your mouth or on your lips. Asthma: injection site reactions  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  and parasitic (helminth) infections.injection site reactions  pain in the throat (oropharyngeal pain)  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  and parasitic (helminth) infections. Chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyposis: injection site reactions  eye and eyelid inflammation  including redness  swelling  and itching  sometimes with blurred vision  high count of a certain white blood cell (eosinophilia)  trouble sleeping (insomnia)  toothache  gastritis  and joint pain (arthralgia).Tell your healthcare provider if you have any side effect that bothers you or that does not go away. These are not all the possible side effects of DUPIXENT. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You are encouraged to report negative side effects of prescription drugs to the FDA. Visit www.fda.gov/medwatch  or call 1-800-FDA-1088.Use DUPIXENT exactly as prescribed by your healthcare provider. It's an injection given under the skin (subcutaneous injection). Your healthcare provider will decide if you or your caregiver can inject DUPIXENT. Do not try to prepare and inject DUPIXENT until you or your caregiver have been trained by your healthcare provider. In children 12 years of age and older  it's recommended DUPIXENT be administered by or under supervision of an adult. In children under 12 years of age  DUPIXENT should be given by a caregiver.Please see accompanying full Prescribing Information including Patient Information.About RegeneronRegeneron (NASDAQ: REGN) is a leading biotechnology company that invents life-transforming medicines for people with serious diseases. Founded and led for nearly 35 years by physician-scientists  our unique ability to repeatedly and consistently translate science into medicine has led to nine FDA-approved treatments and numerous product candidates in development  almost all of which were homegrown in our laboratories. Our medicines and pipeline are designed to help patients with eye diseases  allergic and inflammatory diseases  cancer  cardiovascular and metabolic diseases  pain  hematologic conditions  infectious diseases and rare diseases.Regeneron is accelerating and improving the traditional drug development process through our proprietary VelociSuite technologies  such as VelocImmune  which uses unique genetically humanized mice to produce optimized fully human antibodies and bispecific antibodies  and through ambitious research initiatives such as the Regeneron Genetics Center  which is conducting one of the largest genetics sequencing efforts in the world.For additional information about the company  please visit www.regeneron.com or follow @Regeneron on Twitter.About SanofiWe are an innovative global healthcare company  driven by one purpose: we chase the miracles of science to improve people's lives. Our team  across some 100 countries  is dedicated to transforming the practice of medicine by working to turn the impossible into the possible. We provide potentially life-changing treatment options and life-saving vaccine protection to millions of people globally  while putting sustainability and social responsibility at the center of our ambitions.Sanofi is listed on EURONEXT: SAN andNASDAQ: SNY.Regeneron Forward-Looking Statements and Use of Digital MediaThis press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties relating to future events and the future performance of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc. (""Regeneron"" or the ""Company"")  and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Words such as ""anticipate "" ""expect "" ""intend "" ""plan "" ""believe "" ""seek "" ""estimate "" variations of such words  and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements  although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These statements concern  and these risks and uncertainties include  among others  the impact of SARS-CoV-2 (the virus that has caused the COVID-19 pandemic) on Regeneron's business and its employees  collaborators  and suppliers and other third parties on which Regeneron relies  Regeneron's and its collaborators' ability to continue to conduct research and clinical programs  Regeneron's ability to manage its supply chain  net product sales of products marketed or otherwise commercialized by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  ""Regeneron's Products"")  and the global economy; the nature  timing  and possible success and therapeutic applications of Regeneron's Products and product candidates being developed by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees (collectively  ""Regeneron's Product Candidates"") and research and clinical programs now underway or planned  including without limitation Dupixent® (dupilumab) for the treatment of eosinophilic esophagitis; the likelihood  timing  and scope of possible regulatory approval and commercial launch of Regeneron's Product Candidates and new indications for Regeneron's Products  such as Dupixent for the treatment of eosinophilic esophagitis (including potential approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration based on the supplemental Biologics License Application discussed in this press release)  chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with evidence of type 2 inflammation  pediatric atopic dermatitis  bullous pemphigoid  prurigo nodularis  chronic spontaneous urticaria  chronic inducible urticaria-cold  chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyposis  allergic fungal rhinosinusitis  allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis  peanut allergy  and other potential indications; uncertainty of the utilization  market acceptance  and commercial success of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron's Product Candidates and the impact of studies (whether conducted by Regeneron or others and whether mandated or voluntary)  including the studies discussed or referenced in this press release  on any of the foregoing or any potential regulatory approval of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron's collaborators  licensees  suppliers  or other third parties (as applicable) to perform manufacturing  filling  finishing  packaging  labeling  distribution  and other steps related to Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the ability of Regeneron to manage supply chains for multiple products and product candidates; safety issues resulting from the administration of Regeneron's Products (such as Dupixent) and Regeneron's Product Candidates in patients  including serious complications or side effects in connection with the use of Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates in clinical trials; determinations by regulatory and administrative governmental authorities which may delay or restrict Regeneron's ability to continue to develop or commercialize Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates  including without limitation Dupixent; ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight impacting Regeneron's Products  research and clinical programs  and business  including those relating to patient privacy; the availability and extent of reimbursement of Regeneron's Products from third-party payers  including private payer healthcare and insurance programs  health maintenance organizations  pharmacy benefit management companies  and government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; coverage and reimbursement determinations by such payers and new policies and procedures adopted by such payers; competing drugs and product candidates that may be superior to  or more cost effective than  Regeneron's Products and Regeneron's Product Candidates; the extent to which the results from the research and development programs conducted by Regeneron and/or its collaborators or licensees may be replicated in other studies and/or lead to advancement of product candidates to clinical trials  therapeutic applications  or regulatory approval; unanticipated expenses; the costs of developing  producing  and selling products; the ability of Regeneron to meet any of its financial projections or guidance and changes to the assumptions underlying those projections or guidance; the potential for any license  collaboration  or supply agreement  including Regeneron's agreements with Sanofi  Bayer  and Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (or their respective affiliated companies  as applicable) to be cancelled or terminated; and risks associated with intellectual property of other parties and pending or future litigation relating thereto (including without limitation the patent litigation and other related proceedings relating to EYLEA® (aflibercept) Injection  Dupixent  Praluent® (alirocumab)  and REGEN-COV® (casirivimab and imdevimab))  other litigation and other proceedings and government investigations relating to the Company and/or its operations  the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings and investigations  and the impact any of the foregoing may have on Regeneron's business  prospects  operating results  and financial condition. A more complete description of these and other material risks can be found in Regeneron's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  including its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31  2021. Any forward-looking statements are made based on management's current beliefs and judgment  and the reader is cautioned not to rely on any forward-looking statements made by Regeneron. Regeneron does not undertake any obligation to update (publicly or otherwise) any forward-looking statement  including without limitation any financial projection or guidance  whether as a result of new information  future events  or otherwise.Regeneron uses its media and investor relations website and social media outlets to publish important information about the Company  including information that may be deemed material to investors. Financial and other information about Regeneron is routinely posted and is accessible on Regeneron's media and investor relations website (http://newsroom.regeneron.com) and its Twitter feed (http://twitter.com/regeneron).Sanofi Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995  as amended. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. These statements include projections and estimates regarding the marketing and other potential of the product  or regarding potential future revenues from the product. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""plans"" and similar expressions. Although Sanofi's management believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable  investors are cautioned that forward-looking information and statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties  many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond the control of Sanofi  that could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed in  or implied or projected by  the forward-looking information and statements. These risks and uncertainties include among other things  unexpected regulatory actions or delays  or government regulation generally  that could affect the availability or commercial potential of the product  the fact that product may not be commercially successful  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including future clinical data and analysis of existing clinical data relating to the product  including post marketing  unexpected safety  quality or manufacturing issues  competition in general  risks associated with intellectual property and any related future litigation and the ultimate outcome of such litigation  and volatile economic and market conditions  and the impact that COVID-19 will have on us  our customers  suppliers  vendors  and other business partners  and the financial condition of any one of them  as well as on our employees and on the global economy as a whole. Any material effect of COVID-19 on any of the foregoing could also adversely impact us. This situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise of which we are not currently aware and may exacerbate other previously identified risks. The risks and uncertainties also include the uncertainties discussed or identified in the public filings with the SEC and the AMF made by Sanofi  including those listed under ""Risk Factors"" and ""Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements"" in Sanofi's annual report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021. Other than as required by applicable law  Sanofi does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information or statements.SOURCE Regeneron Pharmaceuticals  Inc.",neutral,0.01,0.95,0.05,negative,0.01,0.09,0.9,True,English,"['Priority Review', 'Eosinophilic Esophagitis', 'FDA', 'Dupixent®', 'dupilumab', 'Patients', 'chronic, progressive type 2 inflammatory disease', 'supplemental Biologics License Application', 'active long-term extension trial', 'Dupixent Phase 3 clinical program', 'target action date', 'common adverse event', 'injection site reactions', 'Breakthrough Therapy designation', 'worrisome choking experience', 'proper caloric intake', 'different age populations', 'Chief Scientific Officer', 'George D. Yancopou', 'Orphan Drug designation', 'human monoclonal antibody', 'significant clinical benefit', 'two Phase 3 trials', 'severe atopic dermatitis', 'oral corticosteroid-dependent asthma', 'proprietary VelocImmune® technology', 'U.S. Food', 'U.S. FDA', 'type 2 inflammation', 'clinical development', 'VelocImmune Technology', 'Drug Administration', 'significant improvements', 'severe cases', 'chronic rhinosinusitis', 'human antibodies', 'severe asthma', 'first medicine', 'eosinophilic esophagitis', 'multiple treatments', 'N.Y.', 'Priority Review', 'FDA decision', 'Part A', 'Part B', 'eosinophil count', 'serious conditions', 'Regulatory filings', 'regulatory authority', 'smallest amount', 'evolving list', 'physical expansion', 'feeding tube', 'adequate nutrition', 'poor quality', 'IL-13 blockade', 'key drivers', 'major role', 'multiple related', 'morbid diseases', 'nasal polyposis', 'investigational diseases', 'prurigo nodularis', 'eosinophilic phenotype', 'other medicines', 'mouse platform', 'immune system', 'investigational use', 'safety results', 'safety profile', 'other countries', 'uncontrolled moderate', 'Regeneron Pharmaceuticals', 'pediatric patients', 'specific patients', 'potential use', 'potential treatment', 'Dupixent 300 mg', 'maintenance treatment', '60 countries', 'Dupixent®', '160,000 patients', '400,000 patients', 'TARRYTOWN', 'PARIS', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'NASDAQ', 'REGN', 'Sanofi', 'sBLA', 'dupilumab', 'adult', 'EoE', 'esophagus', 'ability', 'August', 'data', 'efficacy', 'signs', 'symptoms', '24 weeks', 'placebo', 'reduction', 'indications', 'September', 'years', 'therapies', 'diagnosis', 'prevention', 'world', 'people', 'painful', 'anxiety', 'frustration', 'foods', 'narrowing', 'dilation', 'option', 'life', 'depression', 'signaling', 'interleukin-4', 'interleukin-13', '13) pathways', 'immunosuppressant', 'decrease', 'IL-4', 'CRSwNP', 'add', 'Europe', 'Japan', 'engineered', 'President']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,prnewswire.com
2238,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.tradewindsnews.com/finance/euronext-boss-says-ukraine-war-is-testing-democracies-desire-to-pursue-green-path/2-1-1195843,Euronext boss says Ukraine war is testing democracies’ desire to pursue green path,1 day ago,Russia’s war in Ukraine is testing the limits of European countries’ ability to effect green transition in the future while trying to secure energy at any cost today.Stephane Boujnah  chief executive of stock exchange group Euronext  told the Nor-Shipping Ocean Leadership conference: “Democracies are weak and soft and they try to avoid a confrontation until a moment where together they become extremely strong and determined when the bedrock of their fundamental values are touched.”As the Ukraine war rages and European countries try to wean themselves off Russian energy  old dirty methods of power production are being reconsidered in the European Union.“My concern is we are touching a point of absolute binary economically pure contradiction between our objective to make the world cleaner and with low carbon  and having three degrees more or less [of global warming] ” the Euronext boss said.“For our German friends and Italian friends the issue is reopening coal for power generation and that’s the consequence of the Ukraine crisis; it is touching the limit of that contradiction between carbon and democracy ” he added.Kjerstin Braathen  chief executive of Norwegian shipping lender DNB  said: “Both the war and the sanctions are inflicting tremendous pain.”Article continues below the advert“What we need to do here is to find a way to come together and find the solution while making the transition itself as sustainable as possible  ie balancing the pain. There might be increased costs ” she admitted.Braathen told the conference that no company is evolving fast enough in view of the challenges facing the shipping sector.She prefers to ask what the industry can do right now  instead of emphasising the urgency of the question  which is already understood by many companies around the world.“We need to continue to set clear strategies and clear pathways ” the CEO said.Framework provided by statesBraathen argued for governments to provide a legal framework for decarbonisation.“But the industry needs to be the main engine in finding solutions; that’s always the best ” she added.Breaking news email When major news events break  you can be one of the first to know. Keep on top of market-moving news from the fast-moving shipping industry with TradeWinds’ breaking news emails. Sign up now.Boujnah urged governments to stick to what they are good at and produce “smart regulations” to drive the green transition.Follow all of TradeWinds coverage from Nor-Shipping here.,negative,0.03,0.17,0.8,mixed,0.13,0.12,0.75,True,English,"['Euronext boss', 'Ukraine war', 'democracies’ desire', 'green path', 'absolute binary economically pure contradiction', 'Norwegian shipping lender DNB', 'Nor-Shipping Ocean Leadership conference', 'TradeWinds’ breaking news emails', 'stock exchange group', 'old dirty methods', 'major news events', 'European countries’ ability', 'moving shipping industry', 'shipping sector', 'market-moving news', 'TradeWinds coverage', 'European Union', 'chief executive', 'fundamental values', 'power production', 'three degrees', 'global warming', 'German friends', 'Italian friends', 'power generation', 'many companies', 'clear strategies', 'clear pathways', 'main engine', 'smart regulations', 'green transition', 'Ukraine crisis', 'Kjerstin Braathen', 'states Braathen', 'Stephane Boujnah', 'Russian energy', 'low carbon', 'Euronext boss', 'tremendous pain', 'legal framework', 'Ukraine war', 'limits', 'future', 'cost', 'Democracies', 'confrontation', 'moment', 'bedrock', 'concern', 'point', 'objective', 'world', 'issue', 'coal', 'consequence', 'democracy', 'sanctions', 'Article', 'advert', 'solution', 'company', 'view', 'challenges', 'urgency', 'question', 'CEO', 'governments', 'decarbonisation', 'top']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,tradewindsnews.com
2239,EuroNext,Google API,https://cardanofeed.com/here-s-why-cardano-polkadot-and-solana-may-rise-in-april-63985.html,Here's Why Cardano  Polkadot and Solana May Rise in April,1 day ago,Cardano  Polkadot and Solana may well start to perform well in April. This is due to the launch of ETP products on April 6. The Swiss asset management company Valour has announced the launch of ADA  DOT and SOL Exchange Traded Products in Europe. The three ETPs will be traded on the Euronext exchanges in Paris and Amsterdam on April 6.Valour Launches Three Exchange Traded ProductsValour Inc. has expanded its list of ETPs with three new products. These are: Valour Cardano  Valour Polkadot and Valour Solana  reported Bloomberg on April 4. The three new exchange-traded products will track the price of Cardano  Polkadot and Solana. They will be available for trading on the Euronext exchanges in Paris and Amsterdam.Russell Starr  of Valour Inc  said the following about the entry of major institutions into the crypto ETPs market:“More large companies will join and we expect even more competition on pricing. What will differentiate the winners and losers is expertise in product innovation and a hyper focus on providing value to investors.”Recently  asset manager WisdomTree also launched all of its Cardano  Polkadot and Solana-related exchange-traded products (ETPs) on the Euronext exchanges in Paris and Amsterdam  as well as on Börse Xetra and SIX Swiss Exchange.The chances are quite high that the new ETPs will drive the prices of the cryptocurrencies up. This is because in this way more and more institutional money will flow towards the altcoins.Cardano  Polkadot and Solana Prices RiseThe chances are quite high that the new ETPs will drive the prices of the cryptocurrencies up. This is because in this way more and more institutional money will flow towards the altcoins. In addition  the increasing interest of investors in cryptocurrencies will lead to many more financial services companies introducing more crypto-focused investment tools.,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,positive,0.73,0.18,0.09,True,English,"['Cardano', 'Polkadot', 'Solana', 'April', 'SOL Exchange Traded Products', 'Swiss asset management company', 'Three Exchange Traded Products', 'three new exchange-traded products', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'Solana-related exchange-traded products', 'three new products', 'More large companies', 'Börse Xetra', 'financial services companies', 'crypto-focused investment tools', 'ETP products', 'asset manager', 'three ETPs', 'new ETPs', 'Euronext exchanges', 'Russell Starr', 'major institutions', 'product innovation', 'hyper focus', 'institutional money', 'increasing interest', 'Valour Inc.', 'ETPs market', 'Valour Solana', 'Valour Cardano', 'Valour Polkadot', 'Solana Prices', 'April', 'launch', 'The', 'ADA', 'Europe', 'Paris', 'Amsterdam', 'list', 'Bloomberg', 'trading', 'entry', 'competition', 'pricing', 'winners', 'losers', 'expertise', 'value', 'investors', 'WisdomTree', 'chances', 'cryptocurrencies', 'way', 'altcoins', 'addition']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,cardanofeed.com
2240,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220404005566/en/MaaT-Pharma-Monthly-Information-Regarding-the-Total-Number-of-Voting-Rights-and-Shares-Comprising-the-Share-Capital,MaaT Pharma: Monthly Information Regarding the Total Number of Voting Rights and Shares Comprising the Share Capital,1 day ago,LYON  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:MaaT Pharma (EURONEXT: MAAT - the “Company”)  a French clinical-stage biotech and a pioneer in the development of microbiome-based ecosystem therapies dedicated to improving survival outcomes for patients with cancer  today published the number of shares comprising the share capital and the total number of voting rights (Article L. 233-8 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and Article 223-16 of the General Regulations of French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF)) on March 31  2022.Listing place: Euronext ParisISIN code: FR0012634822Website: www.maatpharma.comDate Total number of shares comprising the share capital Total number oftheoretical voting rights(1) Total number of effective voting rights(2) 03/31/2022 9.888.865 9.888.865 9.888.865(1) In accordance with Article 223-11 of the AMF General Regulation  this number is calculated on the basis of all shares to which voting rights are attached  including shares whose voting rights have been suspended.(2) Effective voting rights correspond to the total number of voting rights that may be used at a General Meeting. The total number of effective voting rights is calculated without taking into account the shares with suspended voting rights.Modification of the 2022 financial calendarMaaT Pharma has decided to slightly modify its calendar for two financial announcements:The publication of the press release related to the 2021 annual results will be brought forward and will take place on Thursday  April 14  2022  instead of Friday  April 15  2022  as previously communicated to the market.The Annual General Meeting has been moved to Tuesday  May 31  2022  instead of Monday  May 23  2022  as previously communicated to the market.Provisional financial Calendar*• April 14  2022 – Annual Results 2021• May 05  2022 – Revenues and Cash Position Quarter 1• May 31  2022 – Annual General Meeting• July 28  2022 – Revenues and Cash Position Quarter 2• September 29  2022 – Half-year Results 2022• November 08  2022 – Revenues and Cash Position Quarter 3*Indicative calendar could be subject to change.About MaaT PharmaMaaT Pharma  a clinical stage biotechnology company  has established a complete approach to restoring patient-microbiome symbiosis in oncology. Committed to treating cancer and Graft-versus-Host Disease (GvHD)  a serious complication of allogeneic stem cell transplantation  MaaT Pharma has already achieved proof of concept in a Phase II clinical trial in acute GvHD. Its powerful discovery and analysis platform  gutPrint®  supports the development and expansion of its pipeline by determining novel disease targets  evaluating drug candidates  and identifying biomarkers for microbiome-related conditions.The company’s Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies are produced through a standardized cGMP manufacturing and quality control process to safely deliver the full diversity of the microbiome  in liquid and oral formulations. MaaT Pharma benefits from the commitment of world-leading scientists and established relationships with regulators to support the integration of the use of microbiome therapies in clinical practice.MaaT Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris (ticker: MAAT) since November 2021.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.93,0.06,True,English,"['MaaT Pharma', 'Monthly Information', 'Total Number', 'Voting Rights', 'Share Capital', 'Shares', 'French Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'allogeneic stem cell transplantation', 'Phase II clinical trial', 'clinical stage biotechnology company', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'French clinical-stage biotech', 'French Commercial Code', 'Cash Position Quarter', 'standardized cGMP manufacturing', 'quality control process', 'microbiome-based ecosystem therapies', 'two financial announcements', 'novel disease targets', 'theoretical voting rights', 'effective voting rights', 'AMF General Regulation', 'Microbiome Ecosystem Therapies', 'clinical practice', 'General Regulations', '2021 annual results', 'microbiome therapies', 'Graft-versus-Host Disease', 'Code de', 'ISIN code', '2022 financial calendar', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Regulatory News', 'survival outcomes', 'share capital', 'press release', 'Half-year Results 2022', 'complete approach', 'patient-microbiome symbiosis', 'serious complication', 'powerful discovery', 'analysis platform', 'drug candidates', 'microbiome-related conditions', 'full diversity', 'oral formulations', 'world-leading scientists', 'MaaT Pharma', 'total number', 'Euronext Paris', 'Indicative calendar', 'Listing place', 'acute GvHD', 'LYON', 'France', 'pioneer', 'development', 'patients', 'cancer', 'shares', 'Article', 'L.', 'commerce', 'Website', 'maatpharma', 'accordance', 'basis', 'account', 'Modification', 'publication', 'Thursday', 'April', 'Friday', 'market', 'Tuesday', 'Monday', 'May', 'Revenues', 'July', 'September', 'November', 'change', 'oncology', 'proof', 'concept', 'gutPrint®', 'expansion', 'pipeline', 'biomarkers', 'liquid', 'commitment', 'relationships', 'regulators', 'integration', 'use', 'ticker']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,businesswire.com
2243,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/GROUPE-BRUXELLES-LAMBERT-5953/news/Groupe-Bruxelles-Lambert-Transactions-on-GBL-shares-from-March-28-2022until-April-1-2022-includ-39960931/,Groupe Bruxelles Lambert : Transactions on GBL shares from March 28  2022until April 1  2022 (included),1 day ago,"April 4  2022 - after 5:45pm CETRegulated informationDelivering meaningful growthTransactions on GBL SharesDisclosure of transaction on GBL shares from March 28  2022 until April 1  2022 (included)Implementation of the authorization of the Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of April 28  2020PurchasesGBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  acquired during the period from March 28  2022 until April 1  2022 included  as part of:- The share buyback program: 0 GBL share- The share buyback program (by an independent financial institution on the basis of a discretionary mandate until June 15  2022): 125 470 GBL sharesTrade dateNumber of sharesAverageLowest Highestprice (EUR) price (EUR) price (EUR)Amount (EUR)Negotiation method / market03/28/202231 88294.8494.2695.603 023 669Stock Exchange Acquis  CBOE  Turquoise Euronext03/29/202230 11096.1595.1296.762 894 949Stock Exchange Acquis  CBOE  Turquoise Euronext03/30/202222 26595.4494.8896.102 124 874Stock Exchange Acquis  CBOE  Turquoise Euronext03/31/202226 55794.6694.1295.882 514 011Stock Exchange Acquis  CBOE  Turquoise Euronext04/01/202214 65694.7593.9095.241 388 615Stock Exchange Acquis  CBOE  Turquoise EuronextTotal125 47095.2111 946 118-The liquidity agreement: 19 500 GBL sharesNumber of sharesAverageLowest HighestTrade dateprice (EUR) price (EUR) price (EUR)Amount (EUR)Negotiation method / market03/28/20224 75003/29/20223 50003/30/20223 25003/31/20222 50004/01/202294.9495.9195.3895.075 50094.26Stock Exchange95.60450 946EuronextStock Exchange95.1296.76335 675EuronextStock Exchange94.8896.10310 000EuronextStock Exchange94.1295.88237 666EuronextStock Exchange94.8893.9095.24521 819EuronextTotal19 50095.181 856 106SalesGBL  directly and through its subsidiaries  sold during the period from March 28  2022 until April 1  2022 included  as part of:- The stock-options plans and the Directors' remuneration: 214 GBL shares Trade dateNumber of shares AverageLowest Highestprice (EUR) price (EUR) price (EUR)Amount (EUR) Negotiation method / market 03/31/2022 214 91.90 Total 214 91.90- The liquidity agreement: 20 000 GBL sharesTrade daten.a.n.a.Number of sharesAverageLowest Highestprice (EUR) price (EUR) price (EUR)19 667OTC19 667Amount (EUR)Negotiation method / market03/28/20225 50003/29/20225 75003/30/20223 25004/01/202295.0995.7795.565 50095.0194.2695.60522 97395.1296.76550 70394.8896.10310 57293.9095.24522 547Stock ExchangeEuronextStock ExchangeEuronextStock ExchangeEuronextStock ExchangeEuronextTotal20 00095.341 906 795As of April 1  2022  GBL holds directly and through its subsidiaries 10 121 686 GBL shares representing 6.5% of the issued capital  and holds 2 500 shares under the liquidity agreement. On that date  75.0% of the fourth share buyback program is executed1.For more information  please contact:Xavier Likin Alison Donohoe Chief Financial Officer Head of Investor Relations Tel: +32 2 289 17 72 Tel: +32 2 289 17 64 xlikin@gbl.be adonohoe@gbl.be About Groupe Bruxelles LambertGroupe Bruxelles Lambert (""GBL"") is an established investment holding company  with over sixty years of stock exchange listing  a net asset value of EUR 22.5 billion and a market capitalization of EUR 15.3 billion at the end of December 2021. GBL is a leading investor in Europe  focused on long-term value creation and relying on a stable and supportive family shareholder base. GBL is both a responsible company and investor and perceives ESG factors as being inextricably linked to value creation.GBL strives to maintain a diversified high-quality portfolio of listed and private assets as well as alternative investments (through Sienna  the group's alternative investment platform)  composed of global companies that are leaders in their sector  to which it can contribute to value creation by being an active professional investor.GBL is focused on delivering meaningful growth by providing attractive returns to its shareholders through a combination of growth in its net asset value  a sustainable dividend and share buybacks.GBL is listed on the Euronext Brussels stock exchange (Ticker: GBLB BB ; ISIN code: BE0003797140) and is included in the BEL20 index.1 cf.http://www.gbl.be/en/transactions-gbl-shares",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,positive,0.58,0.39,0.03,True,English,"['Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'GBL shares', 'Transactions', 'March', 'April', 'Xavier Likin Alison Donohoe Chief Financial Officer Head', 'supportive family shareholder base', ""Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting"", 'fourth share buyback program', 'Euronext Brussels stock exchange', 'independent financial institution', 'AverageLowest HighestTrade date price', 'Groupe Bruxelles Lambert', 'diversified high-quality portfolio', 'net asset value', '669 Stock Exchange Acquis', '011 Stock Exchange Acquis', '615 Stock Exchange Acquis', 'stock exchange listing', 'investment holding company', 'alternative investment platform', 'active professional investor', 'long-term value creation', 'Euronext Stock Exchange', 'shares AverageLowest Highestprice', 'meaningful growth Transactions', 'The liquidity agreement', 'EuronextStock Exchange', 'responsible company', 'alternative investments', 'discretionary mandate', 'Negotiation method', 'Euronext Total', 'stock-options plans', ""Directors' remuneration"", 'Investor Relations', 'sixty years', 'leading investor', 'ESG factors', 'private assets', 'global companies', 'attractive returns', 'sustainable dividend', 'GBLB BB', 'ISIN code', 'BEL20 index', '0 GBL share', 'Trade dateNumber', 'Regulated information', 'market capitalization', 'GBL Shares', 'EUR) price', '2,500 shares', 'April', '5:45pm', 'Disclosure', 'March', 'Implementation', 'authorization', 'Purchases', 'subsidiaries', 'period', 'part', 'basis', 'June', 'Amount', 'CBOE', 'Turquoise', 'Sales', 'OTC', 'adonohoe', 'December', 'Europe', 'stable', 'listed', 'Sienna', 'leaders', 'sector', 'combination', 'buybacks', 'Ticker', '3,500', '666', '667', '0,000', '32']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,marketscreener.com
2244,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/04/04/2415320/0/en/Company-Announcement-7-2022.html,Company Announcement 7/2022,1 day ago,English Danish4 April 2022.NOTICE TO CONVENE the Annual General Meeting of Nordic Shipholding A/SThe Board of Directors hereby convenes the Annual General Meeting of Nordic Shipholding A/S (CVR no. 76 35 17 16) (the “Company”) to be held onTuesday  26 April 2022  at 2:00 p.m. (CEST)Gorrissen Federspiel  Axel Towers  Axeltorv 2DK-1609 Copenhagen VAgenda:Board of Director’s report on the financial year 2021 Statement on the capital losses  cf. section 119 of the Danish Companies Act Presentation of the annual report 2021 for adoption Grant of discharge to members of the Board of Directors and Executive Management Resolution on the application of the result of the year Presentation of the remuneration report 2021 Approval of the remuneration of the Board of Directors for 2022 Election of members to the Board of Directors Appointment of auditors Proposal from the Board of Directors regarding increase and extension of authorisation to the Board of Directors to increase the Company’s share capital Proposal from the Board of Directors regarding acquisition of treasury shares Any other businessComplete proposalsItem 1 – Board of Directors’ report on the financial year 2021The Board of Directors’ report on the financial year 2021 will be presented at the Annual General Meeting  including an account of the loss of capital  as further described in company announcement no. 3/2021.Item 2 – Presentation of the annual report 2021 for adoptionThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting adopts the Company’s annual report for 2021  including the remuneration paid to the Board of Directors for 2021.Item 3 – Grant of discharge to members of the Board of Directors and Executive ManagementThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting grants discharge to members of the Board of Directors and the Executive Management.Item 4 – Resolution on the application of the result of the yearThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting approves the Board of Directors’ proposal on application of the result of the year as stated in the annual report for 2021. The result for the financial year 2021 will be allocated to retained earnings.Item 5 – Presentation of the remuneration report 2021The Company has prepared a remuneration report for the financial year 2021  which is presented to the general meeting. The remuneration report 2021 has been prepared in compliance with applicable rules with a view to further enhance the transparency of the remuneration reporting. The report covers remuneration awarded or due during the financial year 2021 to the Company’s Board of Directors and Executive Management.The remuneration report 2021 is enclosed as appendix 1 and is available on the Company’s website  www.nordicshipholding.com.Item 6 – Approval of the remuneration of the Board of Directors for 2022The Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting approves the following unchanged remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors for the financial year 2022:Chairman of the Board of Directors: DKK 240 000.Other members of the Board of Directors: DKK 175 000As in previous years the board members Jon Lewis  Kanak Kapur and Philip Clausius had waived their remuneration as in previous years.Item 7 – Election of members to the Board of DirectorsThe Board of Directors proposes re-election of Esben Poulsson (Chairman)  Jon Lewis (Deputy Chairman)  Kanak Kapur  and Philip Clausius to the Board of Directors.A description of the background of and offices held by each candidate is enclosed as appendix 2 and is also available at the Company’s website  www.nordicshipholding.com.Item 8 – Appointment of auditorsThe Board of Directors proposes that the Company’s current auditor  PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab  be re-elected.Due to a statutory requirement  an audit tender was conducted before the next Annual General Meeting in 2022. The selection procedure has been conducted in accordance with Article 16 of the EU Auditor Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 537/2014).The Board of Directors has assessed four audit firms in connection with the selection process. Following this assessment  the Board of Directors proposes the re-election of PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab as auditor at the annual general meeting in 2022. The Board of Directors maintains its recommendation and preference for the election of PricewaterhouseCoopers as auditor.The Board of Directors confirms that the proposal has not been influenced by third parties nor subject to any contractual obligation restricting the general meeting’s choice of certain auditors or audit firms.Item 9 – Proposal from the Board of Directors regarding increase and extension of authorisation to the Board of Directors to increase the Company’s share capitalThe Board of Directors’ current authorisation in Article 4.1.2 of the Articles of Association to increase the share capital expires on 25 April 2024.The Board of Directors continues to consider it relevant to ensure the flexibility in the capital structure of the Company provided by the authorisation in the current Article 4.1.2. Therefore  the Board of Directors proposes to extend the authorisation for a period of 5 years until 25 April 2027 and to increase the maximum share capital increase to 100% of the total share capital for the authorisation under the current Article 4.1.2.The current Article 4.1.2  subject to adoption of the proposal  will be worded as follows:“The Company's Board of Directors is authorised to increase the Company's share capital in one or more issues by up to a total nominal amount of DKK 40 615 840.30 without pre-emptive subscription rights for the Company's existing shareholders. The authorisation is effective until 25 April 2027. The capital increases may be paid in by cash contribution  non-cash contribution and/or by conversion of debt. The capital increase must be implemented at or above market price.”Item 10 – Proposal from the Board of Directors regarding acquisition of treasury sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the general meeting authorises the Board of Directors until the annual general meeting in 2025 to acquire treasury shares of up to 25% of the total share capital at the time of the authorisation. The re-purchase price will be set by Board of Directors at a price between DKK 0.01 and DKK 1.00.--o0o--Adoption requirementsItem no. 9 may be adopted by at least 90% of the votes cast and 90% of the share capital represented. All other proposals may be adopted by a simple majority of votes.Share capital and shareholders’ voting rightsThe Company’s share capital amounts to nominally DKK 40 615 840.30 divided into 406 158 403 shares of nominally DKK 0.10. Each share of nominally DKK 0.10 carries one vote.The record date is Tuesday   1 9 April 202 2 .Shareholders holding shares in the Company on the record date  have the right to participate in and vote at the Annual General Meeting. The shares held by the shareholder are calculated on the record date on the basis of entries in the share register and notifications of ownership received by the Company for the purpose of entering into the share register. Furthermore  participation is conditional upon the shareholder obtaining an admission card in time as described below.Admission cardsShareholders wishing to participate in the Annual General Meeting must request an admission card.Admission cards may be obtained through Euronext Securities’ website  www.vp.dk/agm. Furthermore  admission cards may be obtained by contacting Euronext Securities  by telephone +45 43 58 88 66  by email: vp_investor@euronext.com  or by written enquiry to Euronext Securities  Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8   DK-1402 Copenhagen  by using the form available for download on Nordic Shipholding A/S’ website  www.nordicshipholding.com.Requests for admission cards must be submitted so they are received by Euronext Securities no later than Friday  22 April 2022.ProxyShareholders unable to attend the Annual General Meeting may issue a proxy to the Board of Directors or a third party. Proxies may be granted electronically at Euronext Securities’ website  www.vp.dk/agm. Furthermore  a proxy may be granted in writing by using the proxy form available for download on Nordic Shipholding A/S’ website  www.nordicshipholding.com. The signed form may be submitted to Euronext Securities  at Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8   DK-1402 Copenhagen  or email: vp_investor@euronext.com.Proxies must be must be submitted so they are received by Euronext Securities no later than Monday  22 April 2022.Postal votingShareholders unable to attend the Annual General Meeting may submit their votes by correspondence (i.e. postal vote). Postal votes may be submitted electronically via Euronext Securities’ website www.vp.dk/agm. Furthermore  a postal vote may be submitted in writing by using the postal vote form available for download on Nordic Shipholding A/S’ website  www.nordicshipholding.com. The signed postal vote form may be submitted to Euronext Securities  at Nicolai Eigtveds Gade 8   DK-1402 Copenhagen  or email: vp_investor@euronext.com.Postal votes must be submitted so they are received by the Euronext Securities no later than Monday 25 April 2022  at 12:00 noon (CET).Additional informationUntil and including the day of the Annual General Meeting  additional information regarding the Annual General Meeting will be available on the Company’s website  www.nordicshipholding.com including the notice with agenda  complete proposals and appendix 1 (remuneration report 2021) and appendix 2 (CV)  the annual report for 2021 and information on the total number of shares and voting rights on the date of the notice to convene.Questions from the shareholders prior to the Annual General MeetingShareholders may ask questions to the agenda or to documents  etc. to be used at the Annual General Meeting by email: info@nordicshipholding.com.Personal dataFor further information on how the Company collects and processes personal data  reference is made to the Company’s website www.nordicshipholding.com  where information on the Company’s policy on treatment of  and information regarding the protection of personal data is available.RefreshmentsNo refreshments will be served at the Annual General Meeting.Copenhagen  4 April 2022Board of DirectorsAttachments,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.02,0.19,0.79,True,English,"['Company Announcement', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'Nordic Shipholding A/S', '09 Copenhagen V Agenda', 'Danish Companies Act', 'PricewaterhouseCoopers Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab', 'four audit firms', 'Executive Management Resolution', 'share capital Proposal', 'EU Auditor Regulation', 'annual report', 'English Danish', 'audit tender', 'Gorrissen Federspiel', 'Axel Towers', 'capital losses', 'treasury shares', 'other business', 'Complete proposals', 'applicable rules', 'previous years', 'Jon Lewis', 'Kanak Kapur', 'Philip Clausius', 'Esben Poulsson', 'statutory requirement', 'selection procedure', 'selection process', 'third parties', 'contractual obligation', 'current auditor', 'financial year', 'remuneration reporting', 'unchanged remuneration', 'Deputy Chairman', 'current authorisation', 'Other members', 'company announcement', 'The Board', 'Directors’ report', 'Directors’ proposal', 'board members', '4 April', 'NOTICE', 'CVR', 'Tuesday', '26 April', 'CEST', 'Axeltorv', 'DK', 'section', 'Presentation', 'adoption', 'Grant', 'discharge', 'application', 'result', 'Approval', '2022 Election', 'Appointment', 'auditors', 'increase', 'extension', 'acquisition', 'Item', 'account', 'earnings', 'compliance', 'view', 'transparency', 'appendix', 'website', 'nordicshipholding', 'description', 'background', 'offices', 'candidate', 'accordance', 'Article', 'connection', 'assessment', 'recommendation', 'preference', 'choice', 'Association', '25 April', '2:00']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,globenewswire.com
2262,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/invitation-bbs-bioactive-bone-substitutes-150000726.html,Invitation to the Bbs-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc’s Annual General Meeting (AGM),Stock Exchange Release April 5th  2022 at 6.00 pm INVITATION TO THE BBS-BIOACTIVE BONE SUBSTITUTES PLC’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (AGM) The shareholders of BBS...,BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes OyjStock Exchange Release April 5th  2022 at 6.00 pmINVITATION TO THE BBS-BIOACTIVE BONE SUBSTITUTES PLC’S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (AGM)The shareholders of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc are invited to the company’s Annual General Meeting  which is held at the company’s premises at Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu  on Thursday April 28th 2022 starting at 2.00 pm (EET). At the AGM the right to participate and the right to vote are held by the shareholders registered in the shareholder register on the record date April 14th 2022. Shareholders through the nominee register must register for the meeting by April 25th 2022 at 10.00 am (EET) at the latest.A. MATTERS TO BE DEALT WITH AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Opening of the AGM2. Election of the chairman and the secretary3. Election of person to scrutinise the minutes and persons to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements for the year ended December 31st 2021  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor’s report. CEO’s Review7. Decide on the approval of the income statement and balance sheet8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividends.The Board of Directors proposes that the result for the financial year be transferred to the previous profit and loss account and no dividend is distributed9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10.Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors11.Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors (3-7)12.Election of the members of the Board of Directors13.Resolution on the auditor’s remuneration14.Election of the auditor16) Closing of the meetingB. AGM DOCUMENTSThe financial statements and the auditor’s report are available to shareholders at the company’s premises at Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu and on Company’s website at https://www.bbs-artebone.fi/investors/financial-reports/ Copies of the documents will be sent to shareholders on request.Story continuesC: INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE MEETINGShareholders listed in the shareholder registerThe right to attend the AGM will be on each shareholder who  on the record date of April 14th 2022 of the AGM  is registered in the company’s shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. A shareholder whose shares are subscribed to his or her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company’s shareholder register.A shareholder registered in the Company’s Shareholder Register who wishes to attend the AGM must register to the AGM via e-mail at the following address ilmoittautumiset@bbs-artebone.fi or by mail to Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu. The registration must be received latest by April 25th 2022 at 4.00 pm (EET).When registering  the name of the shareholder  social security number or company ID  the telephone number and the identity of the potential assistant should be indicated. The disclosure of the personal data of the shareholders to BBS Oyj is only used in connection with the AGM and the related necessary registration.A shareholder  his representative or agent  at the meeting venue  should be able to prove his/her identity and/or the right to represent  where appropriate.Holders of nominee-registered sharesThe shareholders of nominee-registered shareholder are entitled to attend at AGM on the basis of the shares entitling him/her to be registered in the Shareholder Register maintained by the Euroclear Finland Oy on April 14th 2022. Participation also requires the shareholder to be temporarily entered into the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy by April 25th 2022 at 10.00 am (EET) on the basis of these shares. Shares subscribed in the temporary register of nominee-registered shareholders are considered officially registered for the AGM.The owner of a nominee-registered shareholder is advised to request promptly from his/her custodian the necessary instructions for registration in the company’s temporary shareholder register on the issuance of power of attorney and registration for the AGM. The administrator of the custodian shall notify such shareholder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to attend the AGM to be included in the company’s temporary shareholder register no later than on the above-mentioned date.3. Shares registered in Euroclear Sweden ABA shareholder whose shares are registered in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities system and who intends to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting and exercise his/her voting rights there shall be registered in the list of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB by March 14th 2022 at the latest.In order to be entitled to request temporary registration in the shareholders' register of BBS Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  the holder of nominee registered shares must request that his/her shares be temporarily registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB and ensure that the trustee sends the above-mentioned temporary registration request to Euroclear Sweden AB. Registration must be made no later than March 14th 2022  and therefore a request must be made to the trustee well in advance of that date.A shareholder whose shares are registered in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities system and who intends to participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her voting rights there shall request temporary registration in the shareholders' register of BBS Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd . The request to BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc must be made in writing to e-mail address ilmoittautumiset@bbs-artebone.fi no later than 10:00 am Swedish time (CET) on April 19th 2022. Temporary registration in the shareholders' register through BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj is also a registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting.The use of agent and proxiesA shareholder may participate in the AGM and exercise his/her rights there through an agent. The shareholder’s agent must prove his identity and present dated power of attorney or otherwise provide in a reliable manner that he/she is entitled to represent the shareholder at the AGM. If a shareholder participates in the AGM through multiple agents  representing the shareholder in several securities accounts  at the time of registration must be reported the shares on the basis of which each representative represents the shareholder. Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered by e-mail to ilmoittautumiset@bbs-artebone.fi or by letter to Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu of April 25th 2022 at 4.00 pm (EET). The registration by letter must be received before the expiry of the above-mentioned registration period.In Oulu April 5th 2022BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes PlcBoard of DirectorsFor more information:Ilkka Kangasniemi  CEO tel. +35840 7080307  e-mail: ilkka.kangasniemi@bbs-artebone.fiLiisa Hukka  CFO tel. +35840 0611038  e-mail: liisa.hukka@bbs-artebone.fiCertified Advisor: Nordic Certified Adviser AB tel. +46 70 551 67 29  info@certifiedadviser.seDISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq Helsinki OyNasdaq Stockholm ABKey mediawww.bbs-artebone.fiBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc is the health technology company operating since 2003. Before that there was a background of seven years of product development in the University of Oulu. We have developed a new product for healing of difficult bone fractures and for solving the problems in bone healing. Our mission is to offer new generation medicinal products for the orthopedic surgery. The research and development in the field of medicine requires perseverance and courage to develop new things. We have over 20 years of expertise in this. Our operations are characterized by top expertise  innovativeness and dedicated and committed employees. The ARTEBONE® product is ready and the application process for the CE-mark has been initiated. BBS is a company having its headquarters in Oulu. We have our own production plant located in Reisjärvi which has received a certificate of GMP compliance of a manufacturer . More information: www.bbs-artebone.fi,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.3,0.38,0.32,True,English,"['Bbs-Bioactive Bone Substitutes', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Invitation', 'Plc', 'AGM', 'BBS Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'BBS-BIOACTIVE BONE SUBSTITUTES PLC', 'Oyj Stock Exchange Release', 'personal Finnish book-entry account', 'following address ilmoittautumiset', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Thursday April 28th', 'social security number', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'related necessary registration', 'BBS Oyj', 'temporary shareholder register', 'B. AGM DOCUMENTS', 'loss account', 'personal data', 'temporary register', 'nominee register', 'temporary registration', 'April 25th', 'A. MATTERS', 'financial statements', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'April 14th', 'telephone number', 'potential assistant', 'necessary instructions', 'securities system', 'voting rights', 'March 14th', 'meeting venue', 'nominee-registered shareholder', 'record date', 'financial year', 'previous profit', ""shareholders' register"", 'nominee-registered shares', 'company ID', 'The Board', 'AGM.', 'INVITATION', 'premises', 'Kiviharjunlenkki', '90220 Oulu', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'secretary', 'minutes', 'persons', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'report', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'CEO', 'Review', 'approval', 'Resolution', 'use', 'payment', 'dividends', 'result', 'discharge', 'members', 'President', 'liability', 'remuneration', 'Closing', 'website', 'bbs-artebone', 'Copies', 'request', 'Story', 'PARTICIPANTS', 'mail', 'name', 'identity', 'disclosure', 'connection', 'representative', 'agent', 'basis', 'Participation', 'owner', 'custodian', 'issuance', 'power', 'attorney', 'administrator', 'order', '6.00', '2.00', '10.00', '4.00', '3.']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2263,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-annual-general-meeting-medivir-135800761.html,Notice of Annual General Meeting of Medivir AB (publ),The shareholders of Medivir AB (publ)  reg. no. 556238-4361  with its registered office in Huddinge  Stockholm  are hereby summoned to the Annual General...,"HUDDINGE  Sweden  April 4  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- The shareholders of Medivir AB (publ)  reg. no. 556238-4361  with its registered office in Huddinge  Stockholm  are hereby summoned to the Annual General Meeting on Thursday 5 May 2022 at 14.00 CEST at IVA Konferenscenter  Grev Turegatan 16  Stockholm  Sweden.Shareholders can participate in the annual shareholders' meeting by attending the venue in person or by voting in advance (postal voting).Right to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting and notice of participationParticipation in the annual shareholders' meeting at the venueA shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must (i) be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 27 April 2022  and (ii) no later than 29 April 2022 give notice by post to Medivir AB  ""Annual general meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  by telephone +46 (0)8 402 92 37 or by the company's webpage www.medivir.se. When providing such notice  the shareholder should set forth the name  address  telephone number (daytime)  personal/corporate identity number  the number of shares held and  when applicable  information about representatives and assistants.If a shareholder is represented by proxy  a written  dated proxy for the representative must be issued  should the right to vote for the shares be divided among different representatives  the representatives  together with information on the number of shares each representative is entitled to vote for. A proxy form is available on the company's webpage  www.medivir.se. If the proxy is issued by a legal entity  a certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. To facilitate the registration at the annual shareholders' meeting  the proxy and the certificate of registration or equivalent certificate of authority should be sent to the company as set out above so that it is received no later than 4 May 2022.Participation by advance votingA shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting by advance voting must(i) be recorded in the share register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB relating to the circumstances on 27 April 2022  and (ii) notify its intention to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting no later than 29 April 2022  by casting its advance vote in accordance with the instructions below so that the advance vote is received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than on that day.Story continuesA shareholder who wishes to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting at the venue in person or represented by a proxy must give notice thereof in accordance with what is set out under Participation in the annual shareholders' meeting at the venue above. This means that a notification by advance vote is not sufficient for a person who wishes to participate at the venue.A special form shall be used when advance voting. The advance voting form is available on the company's webpage www.medivir.se. A completed and signed form must be received by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than 29 April 2022. The form may be submitted via e-mail to GeneralMeetingService@euroclear.com or by post to Medivir AB  ""Annual general meeting""  c/o Euroclear Sweden AB  Box 191  SE-101 23 Stockholm  Sweden. Shareholders may also cast their advance votes electronically through BankID verification via Euroclear Sweden AB's webpage. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.If a shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a written and dated proxy shall be enclosed to the advance voting form. Proxy forms are available on the company's webpage www.medivir.se. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or an equivalent certificate of authority should be enclosed. If a shareholder has voted in advance and then attends the annual shareholders' meeting in person or through a proxy  the advance vote is still valid except to the extent the shareholder casts votes during the annual shareholders' meeting or otherwise withdraws its casted advance vote. If the shareholder chooses to participate in a voting during the annual shareholders' meeting  the submitted advance vote will be replaced by the vote cast at the annual shareholders' meeting.For questions regarding the annual general meeting or to have the advance voting form sent by post  please contact Euroclear Sweden AB on telephone +46 (0)8 402 92 37 (Monday-Friday  09.00-16.00 CEST).Nominee-registered sharesTo be entitled to participate in the annual shareholders' meeting  a shareholder whose shares are held in the name of a nominee must  in addition to providing notification of participation  register its shares in its own name so that the shareholder is recorded in the share register relating to the circumstances on 27 April 2022. Such registration may be temporary (so-called voting right registration) and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee's procedures and in such time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registrations completed by the nominee not later than 29 April 2022 are taken into account when preparing the register of shareholders.Shareholders' right to request informationShareholders are reminded of their right to request information in accordance with Chapter 7 Section 32 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen).Number of shares and votesAs of the date of this notice there are 55 735 651 class B shares in the company that entitle to one vote each. The company holds 11 413 own class B shares.Proposed agendaOpening of the meeting. Election of chairman of the meeting. Preparation and approval of the voting list. Election of two persons who shall approve the minutes of the meeting. Approval of the agenda. Determination of whether the meeting has been duly convened. Reports from the managing director and the chairman of the board Presentation of the annual report and the auditor's report as well as the consolidated annual accounts and the auditor's report for the group. Resolution on approval of the profit and loss account and balance sheet as well as the consolidated profit and loss account and consolidated balance sheet. Resolution on approval of allocations of the company's profits or losses according to the adopted balance sheet. Resolution on discharge from liability of the members of the board of directors and the managing director. Determination of the number of directors  deputy directors  auditors and deputy auditors. Determination of fees to be paid to the directors and the auditor. Election of the members of the board of directorsThe nomination committee's proposal:14.1 Uli Hacksell (re-election)14.2 Lennart Hansson (re-election)14.3 Bengt Westermark (re-election)14.4 Yilmaz Mahshid (re-election)14.5 Anette Lindqvist (new election) Election of the chairman of the boardThe nomination committee proposes that Uli Hacksell is re-elected as chairman of the board. Election of the auditor. Presentation of the board of directors' remuneration report for approval. The board of directors' proposal regarding authorization for the board to resolve on new share issues. The board of directors' proposal for resolution on the issue of warrants of series 2022:1. Closing of the meeting.Election of chairman of the meeting (item 2)The nomination committee  comprising Karl Tobieson (Linc AB  chairman)  Jan Särlvik (Nordea Fonder)  Anders Hallberg (HealthInvest Partners) and the chairman of the board of directors  Uli Hacksell  proposes Uli Hacksell  or the person appointed by the board of directors if he has an impediment to attend  to be appointed chairman of the meeting.Allocation of the company's balance (item 10)The board of directors proposes that the company's results shall be carried forward.Determination of the number of directors  deputy directors  auditors and deputy auditors (item 12)The nomination committee proposes that the board of directors shall consist of five members with no deputies. The company shall have one auditor without deputy auditors.Determination of fees to be paid to the directors and the auditor (item 13)The nomination committee proposes that the remuneration to the board of directors shall be paid in a total amount of not more than SEK 1 730 000 (1 675 000) annually allocated as follows. The chairman shall receive SEK 690 000 (675 000) and other board members not employed by the company shall receive SEK 260 000 (250 000) each.The remuneration to the auditor is proposed to be paid in accordance with approved invoices within the auditor's quotation.Election of the directors and election of chairman of the board (item 14 and 15)The proposals by the nomination committee are stated in the proposed agenda above. Further information on the proposed members of the board is available at www.medivir.com.Information about the proposed board memberAnette Lindqvist  born 1961. MSc in Business and Economics from the University of Gothenburg. Anette Lindqvist is CFO of XBrane Biopharma AB since January 2021. Anette has an extensive background in auditing with previous operational assignments at Astrazeneca  Getinge and Sobi  among others. She is also chairman of the board of Nanolyze AB. Anette is deemed independent in relation to both the company and its management  as well as in relation to the company's major shareholders.Election of the auditor (item 16)The nomination committee proposes re-election of the auditing company Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB (PwC)  as the company's auditor for the period until the end of the Annual General Meeting to be held 2023. Tobias Stråhle is proposed by PwC as auditor in charge if they are elected. The proposition is in accordance with the board of director's recommendation.The board of directors' proposal on a share issue authorization (item 18)The board proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to authorize to the board  up and until the next annual general meeting  on one or several occasions and with or without pre-emptive rights for shareholders  to resolve on the issue of new shares of series B  comprising a total of not more than 20 per cent of the total number of outstanding shares in the company after the utilization of the authorization. It shall also be possible to make such an issue resolution stipulating in-kind payment  the right to offset debt or other conditions referred to in Chapter 13 Section 5 first paragraph item 6 in the Swedish Companies Act.The purpose of the authorization is to provide flexibility to the board in its work to ensure that the company can appropriately raise capital for the financing of the business. Issuances of new shares under the authorization shall be made on market terms.The board of directors' proposal for resolution on the issue of warrants of series 2022:1 (item 19)The board proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to issue warrants and to approve of transfer of the warrants in accordance with the following.Issue of warrantsThe board proposes that the annual general meeting resolves to carry out a directed issue of not more than 850 000 warrants  entailing an increase in the share capital of not more than SEK 425 000 at full subscription. The resolution shall otherwise be governed by the following terms and conditions.The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights  be vested in the company's wholly owned subsidiary Medivir Personal AB  Reg. no. 556598-2823 (the ""Subsidiary"")  with the right and obligation for the Subsidiary to transfer the warrants to employees pursuant to the below. Over-subscription is not possible.The reasons for the deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights are to stimulate shareholding in the company by virtue of an incentive program through which employees can take part of and contribute to a positive value increase of the company's share during the period of the proposed program  and that the company shall be able to retain and recruit competent and dedicated staff.The warrants shall be issued at no consideration. Subscription must be completed no later than three weeks after the resolution on issue of warrants. The board shall be entitled to extend the subscription period.Each warrant entitles a right to subscribe for one share of series B in the company. The warrants may be exercised to subscribe for new series B shares during the period from and including 1 December 2025 up to and including 15 December 2025. The new shares which may be issued due to subscription are not subject to any restrictive provisions.The subscription price (strike price) shall be established by the company  or by an independent appraiser or auditor firm retained by the company  and correspond to 175 per cent of the volume weighted average price of the series B share according the official share list of Nasdaq Stockholm during the ten trading days immediately preceding the offer to subscribe for warrants  however not less than the quota value of the shares. The amount of the subscription price exceeding the quota value of the shares shall be contributed to the free share premium reserve.Shares which are newly issued following subscription by virtue of the warrants shall carry an entitlement to participate in dividends for the first time on the next record date for dividends which occurs after subscription for shares by virtue of the utilization of the warrants is effected.The company may  by means of a board resolution and with the consent from the board of directors in the Subsidiary  cancel the Subsidiary's warrants that are not transferred in accordance with the below or that have been re-purchased from participants. Cancellation shall be registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.The board of directors  or a person appointed by the board of directors  is authorized to make such minor adjustments to the resolution which may prove necessary in order to register the resolution with the Swedish Companies Registration Office.Approval of transfer of warrantsThe board proposes that the general meeting approves of the Subsidiary's transfer of warrants on the following conditions.The right to subscribe for share warrants from the Subsidiary shall vest in the following categories of employees:Category Maximum number of warrants per person Maximum number of warrants per category A. Managing director (not more than 1 person) 300 000 300 000 B. Other members of the executive management(not more than 4 persons) 100 000 400 000 C. Other employees (not more than 6 persons) 25 000 150 000The right to purchase warrants from the Subsidiary shall only vest in employees who  at the end of the application period  have not terminated their employment  have not had their employment terminated or otherwise have given notice  or been notified  of employment termination.Warrants may also be offered to future employees. For such acquisitions  the conditions shall be the same or equivalent to what is stated in this resolution. This means  inter alia  that acquisitions shall be made to the market value at the time of the acquisition.Transfer of warrants to participants is conditional upon it being legally possible to purchase the warrants  and that such transfers can be done using reasonable administrative and financial resources according to the assessment of the board.Application and allotmentApplication for acquisition of warrants shall be made during the period from and including 15 May 2022 up until and including 22 May 2022. The board of the company shall however be entitled to extend the application period for acquisitions and to set a corresponding application period for new employees whose acquisitions are made after the expiration of the initial application period.Medivir shall  in connection with the allocation of the warrants to the participants in the program  and with certain exceptions  reserve a repurchase right regarding the warrants if the participant's employment or assignment within the group is terminated or if the participant wishes to transfer his/her warrants prior to the warrants being exercisable.Should warrants of a certain category remain with the Subsidiary after all applications within the category have been satisfied  the remaining warrants shall be available for allotment to participants in that same or another category whereby the board shall determine the distribution based on participant category  employment category and the number of warrants applied for. However  such distribution must not result in the maximum amount of warrants per person in a certain category being exceeded by more than 50 per cent.The board of the company shall determine the final allotment and the date of the transfer of the warrants. The transfer of warrants may be made up until and including 31 December 2021.Price and payment etc.The warrants shall be transferred on market terms at a price (premium) established on the basis of a market value of the warrants calculated by an independent valuation institute using the Black & Scholes valuation model. A new market value shall be established in an equivalent way for acquisitions made by new employees after the expiration of the initial application period. The value has preliminary been calculated to be SEK 1.34 per warrant based on a share price of SEK 8.Payment for the allocated warrants shall be made in cash no later than five days following the application for acquisition. The board shall establish a corresponding date of payment for acquisitions made by new employees.Medivir will partly subsidize the participant's acquisition of warrants. The subsidy shall be paid in connection with the allocation of warrants to the participants. The total subsidy granted to the participant shall correspond to half of the participant's investment (after deduction of any income tax of the participant). The total cost for the subsidy  based on the above preliminary value of the warrants  is estimated at SEK 1 740 551 for the entire term of the warrant programme of three years  including any social security contributions.In order to be eligible for the subsidy  the participant must  at the time of the payment of the bonus  not have been dismissed (Sw. avskedad )  terminated his/her employment or given notice of employment termination  remain employed in the company for three years  or the subsidy will  with certain exceptions  be prorated  and must not have transferred his/her warrants.Further information on the warrant programDilutionUpon full exercise of all warrants  850 000 new shares can be issued  which corresponds to a dilution of approximately 1.5 per cent of the total number of shares and votes in the company  however  subject to any potential adjustment which may occur under the terms and conditions for the warrants. Accordingly  the program offers the employees the possibility to increase their shareholding in the company to the corresponding figure.Impact of financial ratio and costs for the company etc.The company's earnings per share are not affected by the issue of the warrants as the present value of the warrants' strike price exceeds the current market value of the share at the date of issue. Since the warrants are transferred to the participants at market value it is not expected that the company will incur any personnel costs. The warrant program will incur costs in relation to the subsidy that the participants are entitled to. Such costs amount to a maximum of SEK 1 740 551 for the entire term of the warrant program of three years. The warrant program may also incur certain limited costs in terms of external consulting fees and costs relating to the administration of the warrant program.Preparation of the matterThe principles of the warrant program have been prepared by the board of the company and are based on the warrant programs adopted by the annual general meetings 2020 and 2021. The board has thereafter decided to submit this proposal to the annual general meeting. Except for the officials who prepared the matter pursuant to instructions from the board  no employee that may be included in the program has taken part in the drafting thereof.Other share related incentive programs etc.Except from the current proposal to issue warrants and the warrant programs resolved upon at the annual general meetings 2020 and 2021  the company has no outstanding share related incentive programs. It is the board's intention that the program shall recur annually  albeit in varying sizes.Authorization for the board of directorsThe board proposes that the meeting authorizes the board to execute the resolution in accordance with the above and to ensure that the Subsidiary's board of directors carries out the transfer of the warrants in accordance with the above.Majority requirementsA decision according to the proposal pursuant to item 18 above is valid only when supported by shareholders holding not less than two-thirds (2/3) of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the annual general meeting. A decision according to the proposal pursuant to item 19 above is valid only when supported by shareholders holding not less than nine-tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and of the shares represented at the annual general meeting.DocumentationThe annual report  the remuneration report and other supporting documentation for resolutions will be available at the company's offices  Medivir AB  Lunastigen 5  SE-141 22 Huddinge  Sweden no later than three weeks prior to the meeting. In addition  the motivated statement from the nomination committee will be available at the company's address stated above no later than four weeks prior to the annual general meeting. The above documents will be sent to all shareholders who so request and provide their postal address and will also be available on the company's website www.medivir.se. This notice is a translation of a Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the both language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Processing of personal dataFor information about the processing of your personal data  see the integrity policy that is available at Euroclear Sweden AB's website www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. Medivir's AB (publ) corporate registration number is 556238-4361 and its registered office is in Huddinge  Sweden.Huddinge  April 2022Medivir AB (publ)The Board of DirectorsThis information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.comhttps://news.cision.com/medivir/r/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-medivir-ab--publ- c3539447The following files are available for download:https://mb.cision.com/Main/652/3539447/1559186.pdf Press release (PDF)CisionView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/notice-of-annual-general-meeting-of-medivir-ab-publ-301516763.htmlSOURCE Medivir",neutral,0.02,0.96,0.03,mixed,0.19,0.18,0.63,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Medivir AB', 'Notice', 'Annual General Meeting', ""annual shareholders' meeting"", 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'personal/corporate identity number', 'casted advance vote', 'advance voting form', 'Medivir AB', 'postal voting', 'IVA Konferenscenter', 'Grev Turegatan', 'share register', 'legal entity', 'BankID verification', 'special form', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'Thursday 5 May', 'equivalent certificate', 'advance votes', 'different representatives', 'Proxy forms', 'Nominee-registered shares', 'telephone number', 'medivir.se', 'dated proxy', '4 May', 'HUDDINGE', 'April', 'publ', 'office', 'Stockholm', '14.00 CEST', 'venue', 'Right', 'notice', 'participation', 'circumstances', 'Box', 'company', 'webpage', 'name', 'address', 'daytime', 'information', 'assistants', 'registration', 'authority', 'intention', 'accordance', 'Story', 'notification', 'mail', 'GeneralMeetingService', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'incorporation', 'extent', 'questions', 'Monday', 'Friday', 'addition', '27 Apri', '101', '8']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2264,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/resolutions-nokia-corporations-annual-general-141500571.html,Resolutions of Nokia Corporation's Annual General Meeting and Board of Directors,Nokia CorporationStock Exchange Release5 April 2022 at 17:15 EEST Resolutions of Nokia Corporation's Annual General Meeting and Board of Directors Espoo...,Nokia OyjNokia CorporationStock Exchange Release5 April 2022 at 17:15 EESTResolutions of Nokia Corporation's Annual General Meeting and Board of DirectorsEspoo  Finland – The Annual General Meeting (AGM) of Nokia Corporation took place at the Company’s headquarters in Espoo on 5 April 2022 under special arrangements due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Approximately 59 300 shareholders representing approximately 3 063 million shares and votes were represented at the meeting. The AGM supported all proposals submitted to it by the Board of Directors (the Board). The AGM adopted the Company’s financial statements  discharged the members of the Board and the President and Chief Executive Officer from liability for the financial year 2021 and supported the Company’s Remuneration Report in an advisory vote. In addition  the AGM adopted the following resolutions:Authorization to decide on the distribution of dividend and assets from the invested unrestricted equity fundThe AGM decided that no dividend is distributed by a resolution of the Annual General Meeting and authorized the Board of Directors to resolve in its discretion on the distribution of an aggregate maximum of EUR 0.08 per share as dividend from the retained earnings and/or as assets from the invested unrestricted equity fund (equity repayment).The authorization is valid until the opening of the next Annual General Meeting and it can be used to distribute assets in four installments during the validity of the authorization  unless the Board decides otherwise for a justified reason. The Board will make separate resolutions on the amount and timing of each such asset distribution with preliminary record and payment dates as set out below. The Company announces each such Board resolution separately confirming the relevant record and payment dates.Preliminary record date Preliminary payment date 3 May 2022 12 May 2022 26 July 2022 4 August 2022 25 October 2022 3 November 2022 7 February 2023 16 February 2023The dividend and/or equity repayment based on the resolution of the Board of Directors will be paid to a shareholder registered in the company’s shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy on the record date of the dividend and/or equity repayment.Story continuesComposition of the Board of Directors  Board committees and Board remunerationThe AGM resolved to elect ten members to the Board. The following seven members of the Board were re-elected for the term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting: Sari Baldauf  Bruce Brown  Thomas Dannenfeldt  Jeanette Horan  Edward Kozel  Søren Skou and Carla Smits-Nusteling. In addition  the AGM resolved to elect Lisa Hook  Thomas Saueressig and Kai Öistämö as new members of the Board of Directors for the same term of office.The qualifications and career experience of the elected Board members are available on the Company’s website at www.nokia.com/en_int/investors/corporate-governance/board-of-directors/meet-the-board.In an assembly meeting that took place after the AGM  the Board elected Sari Baldauf as Chair of the Board  and Søren Skou as Vice Chair of the Board. The Board also elected the members of the four Board committees. Carla Smits-Nusteling was elected as Chair and Thomas Dannenfeldt  Lisa Hook  Jeanette Horan and Edward Kozel as members of the Audit Committee. Bruce Brown was elected as Chair and Sari Baldauf  Thomas Dannenfeldt and Søren Skou as members of the Personnel Committee. Kai Öistämö was elected as Chair and Sari Baldauf  Bruce Brown and Carla Smits-Nusteling as members of the Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee. Edward Kozel was elected as Chair and Bruce Brown  Jeanette Horan  Thomas Saueressig and Kai Öistämö as members of the Technology Committee.The AGM resolved that the annual fees to be paid to the members of the Board for the term ending at the close of the next Annual General Meeting are as follows:• EUR 440 000 for the Chair of the Board;• EUR 195 000 for the Vice Chair of the Board;• EUR 170 000 for each member of the Board;• EUR 30 000 each for the Chairs of the Audit Committee and Personnel Committee and EUR 20 000 for the Chair of the Technology Committee as an additional annual fee; and• EUR 15 000 for each member of the Audit Committee and Personnel Committee and EUR 10 000 for each member of the Technology Committee as an additional annual fee.No additional annual fees are paid to the Chair of the Board for service in any of the Board Committees.The AGM resolved that approximately 40% of the annual fee will be paid in Nokia shares purchased from the market  or alternatively by using treasury shares held by the Company. The members of the Board shall retain until the end of their directorship such number of shares that corresponds to the number of shares they have received as Board remuneration during their first three years of service in the Board.The AGM also resolved to pay a meeting fee of EUR 5 000 per meeting requiring intercontinental travel and EUR 2 000 per meeting requiring continental travel for Board and Committee meetings to all the other Board members except the Chair of the Board. The meeting fee would be paid for a maximum of seven meetings per term. The AGM resolved that the members of the Board of Directors shall be compensated for travel and accommodation expenses as well as other costs directly related to Board and Committee work. The meeting fees  travel expenses and other expenses directly related to Board and Board Committee work will be paid in cash.AuditorThe AGM re-elected Deloitte Oy as the auditor for Nokia for the financial year 2023. In addition  the AGM resolved that the auditor elected for 2023 be reimbursed based on the invoice of the auditor and in compliance with the purchase policy approved by the Audit Committee.Authorizations to resolve on the repurchase of the Company's own shares and on the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to sharesThe AGM authorized the Board to resolve to repurchase a maximum of 550 million Nokia shares. Shares may be repurchased to be cancelled  held to be reissued  transferred further or for other purposes resolved by the Board. The shares may be repurchased otherwise than in proportion to the shares held by the shareholders (directed repurchase). The authorization is effective until 4 October 2023 and it terminated the corresponding repurchase authorization granted by the Annual General Meeting on 8 April 2021 to the extent that the Board has not previously resolved to repurchase shares based on the respective authorization.The AGM resolved to authorize the Board to issue a maximum of 550 million shares through issuance of shares or special rights entitling to shares in one or more issues. The authorization may be used to develop the Company's capital structure  diversify the shareholder base  finance or carry out acquisitions or other arrangements  settle the Company's equity-based incentive plans  or for other purposes resolved by the Board. Under the authorization  the Board may issue new shares or shares held by the Company. The authorization includes the right for the Board to resolve on all the terms and conditions of the issuance of shares and special rights entitling to shares  including issuance of shares or special rights in deviation from the shareholders' pre-emptive rights within the limits set by law. The authorization is effective until 4 October 2023 and it terminated the corresponding authorization granted by the Annual General Meeting on 8 April 2021.Speeches and minutes of the Annual General MeetingThe speeches by the Chair of the Board  Sari Baldauf  and the President and CEO  Pekka Lundmark  will be available on the Company’s website www.nokia.com/agm later today. The minutes of the AGM will be available on the same website latest on 19 April 2022.About NokiaAt Nokia  we create technology that helps the world act together.As a trusted partner for critical networks  we are committed to innovation and technology leadership across mobile  fixed and cloud networks. We create value with intellectual property and long-term research  led by the award-winning Nokia Bell Labs.Adhering to the highest standards of integrity and security  we help build the capabilities needed for a more productive  sustainable and inclusive world.Inquiries:NokiaCommunicationsPhone: +358 10 448 4900Email: press.services@nokia.comKatja Antila  Head of Corporate CommunicationsNokiaInvestor RelationsPhone: +358 40 803 4080Email: investor.relations@nokia.com,neutral,0.04,0.91,0.05,mixed,0.29,0.42,0.29,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Nokia Corporation', 'Resolutions', 'Board', 'Directors', 'Nokia Corporation Stock Exchange Release', 'next Annual General Meeting', 'The Annual General Meeting', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Søren Skou', 'Kai Öistämö', 'first three years', 'additional annual fee', 'unrestricted equity fund', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Preliminary payment date', 'Preliminary record date', 'following seven members', 'four Board committees', 'annual fees', 'meeting fee', 'assembly meeting', 'four installments', 'equity repayment', 'Nokia Oyj', 'payment dates', 'relevant record', 'following resolutions', 'special arrangements', 'COVID-19 pandemic', 'financial statements', 'financial year', 'Remuneration Report', 'advisory vote', 'aggregate maximum', 'justified reason', 'Sari Baldauf', 'Bruce Brown', 'Thomas Dannenfeldt', 'Jeanette Horan', 'Edward Kozel', 'Carla Smits-Nusteling', 'Lisa Hook', 'Thomas Saueressig', 'career experience', 'Audit Committee', 'Personnel Committee', 'Corporate Governance', 'Nomination Committee', 'Technology Committee', 'intercontinental travel', 'Nokia shares', 'The AGM', 'separate resolutions', '3 063 million shares', 'treasury shares', 'The Board', 'shareholders’ register', 'ten members', 'new members', 'The Company', 'asset distribution', 'same term', 'Board remuneration', 'Vice Chair', 'Board members', 'Board resolution', '59 300 shareholders', '5 April', 'EEST', 'Directors', 'Espoo', 'place', 'headquarters', 'votes', 'proposals', 'President', 'liability', 'Authorization', 'dividend', 'assets', 'discretion', 'earnings', 'opening', 'validity', 'amount', 'timing', 'May', 'July', 'August', 'October', 'February', 'Story', 'Composition', 'close', 'qualifications', 'website', 'investors', 'corporate-governance', 'Chairs', 'service', 'market', 'number', '17']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2265,Euroclear,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/notice-attend-annual-general-meeting-180000078.html,Notice to attend the Annual General Meeting of Infant Bacterial Therapeutics,Shareholders of Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB (publ) are summoned to the Annual General Meeting on Wednesday  May 4  2022. In light of the coronavirus...,Infant Bacterial Therapeutics ABShareholders of Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB (publ) are summoned to the Annual General Meeting on Wednesday  May 4  2022. In light of the coronavirus  the Annual General Meeting is conducted through advance voting pursuant to temporary regulations. Therefore  it will not be possible to attend this year’s Meeting in person or by proxy.Right to participateIn order to participate in the Annual General Meeting shareholders must be recorded in the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB no later than Tuesday April 26  2022 and register for the meeting no later than on Tuesday May 3 2022 by submitting an advance voting form in accordance with the instructions set forth in the section “Advance voting” below.In order to participate in the Annual General Meeting  shareholders whose shares are registered in the name of a trustee must  in addition to registering for the meeting  register the shares into their own name by April 26  2022. Such registration may be temporary and is requested from the nominee in accordance with the nominee’s routines at a time in advance as the nominee determines. Voting right registration made no later than the second banking day after 26 April 2022 are taken into account in the production of the share register.Advance votingThe shareholders may exercise their voting rights at the Annual General Meeting only by voting in advance  so called postal voting in accordance with section 22 of the Act (2022:121) on temporary exceptions to facilitate the execution of general meetings in companies and other associations. A special form shall be used for advance voting. The form is available on www.ibtherapeutics.com. The advance voting form is considered as the notification of participation at the general meeting. The completed voting form must be received by company no later than Tuesday May 3  2022. The completed form  in original  shall be sent to Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB (publ)  Bryggargatan 10  SE-111 21 Stockholm  Sweden. The completed form may alternatively be submitted electronically to ibt@ibtherapeutics.com. If the shareholder votes in advance by proxy  a power of attorney shall be enclosed with the form. If the shareholder is a legal entity  a certificate of incorporation or a corresponding document shall be enclosed with the form. The shareholder may not provide special instructions or conditions in the voting form. If so  the vote (i.e. the advance vote in its entirety) is invalid. Further instructions and conditions are included in the form for advance voting.Story continuesProposed agendaElection of Chairman of the Meeting Election of one or two persons to approve the minutes of the Meeting Establishment and approval of the voting list Approval of agenda Resolution as to whether the Meeting has been duly convened Presentation of the annual report and the audit report  the consolidated accounts and the consolidated audit report Decision:a) to determine the income statement and balance sheet and the consolidated income statement and consolidated balance sheet;b) on disposals of the company’s income according to the established balance sheet c) discharge from liability for the Board members and the managing director Resolution regarding the number of Board members and Auditors Determinations of fees to the Board of Directors and Auditor Election of Board membersa) Re-election of Margareta Hagmanb) Re-election of Eva Idénc) Re-election of Anthon Jahreskogd) Re-election of Kristina Sjöblom Nygrene) Re-election of Peter Rothschild Election of the Chairman of the Board Election of Auditor Resolution regarding the Nominating Committee Presentation of the Board’s remuneration report for approval The Board’s proposal for a resolution regarding principles for remuneration to senior executives The Board’s proposal for resolution regarding authorization for new issuance of shares The Board’s proposal for a resolution regarding implementation of an incentive programProposed resolutions  etc.Item 1 – Chairman of the MeetingThe Nominating Committee  which consists of the Chairman of the Board  Peter Rothschild  of Per-Erik Andersson (Annwall & Rothschild Investments AB)  Sebastian Jahreskog and Jannis Kitsakis (the Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund)  proposes that lawyer Erik Sjöman or  in his absence  the person appointed by the Board  be instead elected chairman of the Annual General Meeting.Item 2 – Persons to approve the minutesJannis Kitsakis och Sten Irwe or  to the extent both or any of them are prevented  the person or persons assigned by the Nomination Committee  are proposed as persons to approve the minutes. The assignment for the persons to approve the minutes includes verifying the voting list and confirming that advance votes received are correctly reflected in the minutes of the Meeting.Item 3 – Voting listThe voting list proposed for approval under item 3 on the agenda is the voting list prepared by the company  based on the shareholders’ register and advance votes received  and verified by the persons elected to approve the mintues.The Nominating Committee’s proposals regarding items 8 – 13 on the agendaItem 8 - Resolution regarding the number of Board members and AuditorsFive members without deputies. One auditor without deputies.Item 9 – Determination of fees to be paid to the Board of Directors and AuditorsThe Nominating Committee proposes the following fees for the Board of Directors and auditors: The Chairman of the Board shall receive SEK 300 000 (previously SEK 250 000) annually and an unchanged extra remuneration of SEK 400 000 annually for the duties as working Chairman of the Board. Other members who are not employed by the company shall receive SEK 150 000 (previously SEK 125 000) annually per member. For work in the Audit Committee  it is proposed that a fee of SEK 40 000 shall be paid to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 20 000 to each other member of the Audit Committee. Furthermore  it is proposed that a fee of SEK 40 000 shall be paid to the Chairman of the Audit Committee and SEK 20 000 to each other member of the Audit Committee regarding the period May 4  2021 to May 4  2022  in accordance with the Nominating Committee’s proposal to the Annual General Meeting 2021. Auditing fees shall be paid in accordance with approved invoice.Item 10 – Election of Board membersRe-election of Board members Margareta Hagman  Eva Idén  Anthon Jahreskog  Kristina Sjöblom Nygren and Peter Rothschild. Robert Molander has declined re-election.Information about the members proposed for re-election can be found at the company´s website  www.ibtherapeutics.com.Item 11 – Election of Chairman of the BoardRe-election of Peter Rothschild.Item 12 – Election of auditorRe-election of Deloitte AB. The proposal is in accordance with the Board of Directors’ recommendation.Item 13 – Resolution regarding the Nominating CommitteeThe Chairman of the Board shall convene the three  in terms of voting rights  largest shareholders in the company  each of which shall appoint a representative to be a member of the Nominating Committee together with the Chairman of the Board. Composing the Nominating Committee  the ownership structure as per June 30  2022 will determine who are the largest shareholders in terms of voting rights. The Nominating Committee shall be chaired by the member representing the largest shareholder as determined by voting rights on this date. If any of the three largest shareholders waives their right to appoint a member of the Nominating Committee  this right shall be vested in the shareholder that  after these shareholders  has the largest shareholding. The names of the three owner’s representatives shall be published as soon as they have been appointed  but no later than six months before the Annual General Meeting 2023. The Nominating Committee’s term of office extends until the new Nominating Committee is appointed.In the event that the shareholder the Nominating Committee member represents no longer constitutes one of the three largest shareholders in terms of voting rights  the Nominating Committee  if it finds it appropriate  may dismiss that member and give a representative of the shareholder that is next in terms or voting power the opportunity to be elected. In the event that a nominated member of the Nominating Committee for other reason resigns from the Nominating Committee  the shareholder who appointed the member in question shall be entitled to appoint a new representative in the Nominating Committee. If such shareholder declines to appoint a new representative  the Nominating Committee shall  if it considers it appropriate with regard to the remaining term of office  request that the shareholder that is next in terms of voting power determine  if it wishes to appoint a representative to the Nominating Committee.The Nominating Committee shall prepare proposals in the following questions to besubmitted to the Annual General Meeting 2023 for decision:a) proposal for election of the Chairman of the AGMb) proposal for election of Board membersc) proposal for election of the Chairman of the Boardd) proposal for determination of Board feese) proposal for election of Auditorf) proposal for determination of Auditor feesg) proposal for reasonable costs for the Nominating Committeeh) proposal for a resolution regarding the Nominating Committee prior to the 2024 AGMThe Board’s proposals for resolution regarding items 7b  14–17 on the agendaItem 7b – Appropriation regarding the company’s earningsThe Board of Directors proposes that no dividend be paid and that the result for the period be carried forward.Item 14 – The remuneration reportBoard of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve the Board’s report on remuneration prepared in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act  Chapter 8. 53 a §.Item 15 – The Board’s proposal for resolution regarding principles for remuneration to senior executivesThe Board proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to adopt the following guidelines for remuneration to senior executives in IBT. The guidelines shall be applied to remuneration agreed and changes to previously agreed remuneration  after the guidelines have been adopted by the Annual General Meeting. The guidelines do not apply to remuneration resolved by the Annual General Meeting.The guidelines’ promotion of IBT’s business strategy  long-term interests and sustainabilityIBT develops  and intends to market and sell  safe and efficacious therapies that affect infants’ microbiome and thereby prevent or treat rare diseases that affects premature infants. For more information on IBT’s business strategy  see the annual report.Successful implementation of the business strategy and safeguarding IBT’s long-term interests  including its sustainability  require IBT to be able to recruit  motivate and retain competent employees who work to achieve maximum shareholder and customer value. This requires IBT to be able to offer competitive remuneration. These guidelines enable senior executives to be offered competitive total remuneration.Forms of remuneration  etc.Remuneration shall be market-based and may consist of the following components: fixed cash salary  variable cash remuneration  pension benefits and other benefits. The Annual General Meeting may in addition – and independent of these guidelines – resolve on for example share-related and share-price based remuneration. The total remuneration package to senior executives should include a well-balanced mix of the above-named components as well as terms of notice and severance pay. The Board should annually evaluate the extent to which share-based or share-price based long-term incentive programmes should be proposed to the Annual General Meeting.The fixed cash salary shall be individual and based on the senior executive’s responsibilities and role as well as the individual’s competence and experience in the relevant position.The variable cash remuneration may amount to a maximum of 40 percent of fixed annual cash salary.Senior executives who are entitled to pensions shall have pension benefits that are defined contribution. Variable cash remuneration shall not qualify for pension benefits. Pension premiums for defined contribution pensions shall amount to a maximum of 33 percent of fixed annual cash salary.Other benefits may include life insurance  health insurance (Sw: sjukvårdsförsäkring) and a company car benefit. Such benefits shall be of limited value in relation to other compensation and be consistent with what is customary in the respective geographical market. Other benefits may amount to a maximum of 5 percent of fixed annual cash salary.Termination of employmentIn the event of termination of employment by the company the maximum notice period is six months. Fixed cash salary during the notice period plus any severance pay may not together exceed an amount equivalent to the individual’s fixed cash salary for a one-year period. In case of termination by the senior executive  the notice period may not be less than three months and no severance pay will be paid.Criteria for distribution of variable cash remuneration  etc.Variable cash remuneration shall be linked to pre-determined and measurable criteria which may be financial or non-financial. It can also comprise individually adapted quantitative or qualitative targets. The criteria shall be designed so that they promote the Group’s business strategy and long-term interests  including its sustainability  through for example having a clear link to IBT’s business strategy or promoting the senior executive’s long-term development.Fulfilment of the criteria for payment of variable cash remuneration shall be measured during a period of one year. When the measurement period for fulfilment of the criteria for payment of variable cash remuneration has ended  the extent to which the criteria have been met shall be determined. The Remuneration Committee is responsible for assessment with regard to variable cash remuneration to the CEO. As regards variable cash remuneration to other senior executives  the CEO is responsible for the assessment.Salary and terms of employment for employeesIn preparation of the Board’s proposal for these remuneration guidelines  salaries and terms of employment for the company’s employees have been taken into account through information on employees’ total remuneration  remuneration components as well as remuneration increases and rate of increase over time comprising a part of the Remuneration Committee’s and the Board’s basis for decision when evaluating the reasonableness of these guidelines and the limitations that are a consequence of them.Decision-making process to establish  review and implement the guidelinesThe Board has established a Remuneration Committee. The tasks of the committee include preparation of the Board’s proposal for decision on guidelines for remuneration to senior executives. The Board shall prepare proposals for new guidelines at least every fourth year and present the proposal for decision to the Annual General Meeting. The guidelines shall apply until new guidelines are adopted by the Annual General Meeting. The Remuneration Committee shall also monitor and evaluate programmes for variable remuneration to senior executives  application of the guidelines for remuneration to senior executives as well as applicable remuneration structures and remuneration levels in the Group. When the Board considers and makes decisions on remuneration-related matters  the CEO or other senior executives are not present insofar as they are affected by the issues.Departure from the guidelinesThe Board may decide temporarily to depart from the guidelines wholly or partly if in an individual case there is reason for this and such departure is necessary in order to meet IBT’s long-term interests  including its sustainability  or in order to ensure IBT’s financial viability. As stated above  the tasks of the Remuneration Committee include preparing the Board’s decision on remuneration matters  which includes decisions to depart from the guidelines.Description of material changes to the guidelines and how the views of shareholders’ have been taken into considerationIn the proposal for guidelines submitted at the 2022 Annual General Meeting  the maximum amount for variable cash remuneration has been raised from 30 percent to 40 percent of the fixed annual cash salary. IBT has not received any views from shareholders to take into consideration in the preparation of this proposal.Item 16 – The Board’s proposal for a resolution regarding authorization for new issuance of sharesThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting approve that the Board of Directors have a mandate to  on one or more occasion until the next Annual General Meeting  issue new B-class shares. The Board of Directors will be able to decide on a new issuance of shares with deviation from the shareholders’ pre-emption rights. This authorisation is to include the right to issue shares with cash payment  payment by contribution in kind or payment by way of set-off  and otherwise subject to conditions as set out in Chapter 13  Section 5  first paragraph 6 of the Swedish Companies Act.The decision by the Board of Directors in relation to a new share issue that deviates from shareholders’ pre-emption rights (directed issue) shall not exceed a twenty percent increase in share capital in relation to the share capital when the mandate for new issue is first utilised by the Board of Directors.The share issue under this authorization shall be on market terms. The Board shall have the right to determine the conditions of the issue under this authorization as well as mandate to determine who has the right to subscribe for shares. The purpose of the authorization is to provide the Board with flexibility in efforts to ensure that the company in an appropriate manner  has additional capital to finance the company’s ongoing clinical activities  and to enable a broadening of the owner base of the company.Item 17 – The Board’s proposal for a resolution regarding implementation of an incentive programThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to adopt an incentive program for the company’s employees and key persons engaged as consultants via i) a directed issue of warrants to the company or its wholly owned subsidiary IBT Baby AB  Reg. No 559110-7353 (the “Subsidiary”)  and ii) approval of transfer of warrants to participants in the incentive program. Each warrant entitles to subscription of one (1) new B-share in the company.The Board of Directors believes that it is important and in the interest of all shareholders that the employees and other key persons  who are deemed to be important for the company’s further development  have a long-term interest in a good value increase of the company’s shares. A personal long-term ownership commitment can be expected to contribute to an increased interest in the company’s operations and earnings and raise the participants’ motivation and connection with the company and its shareholders.Based on the existing number of shares in the company  the dilution resulting from the proposed incentive program  assuming that all warrants are exercised for subscription of new B-shares  will be approximately 2.64 percent of the shares and approximately 2.04 percent of the votes. The percentage dilution in respect of the shares has been calculated according to the following formula: 1-(existing number of shares/new number of shares)  and in respect of the votes according to the following formula: 1-(existing number of votes/new number of votes). This calculation does not consider already outstanding warrants in the incentive programs that were implemented in 2017 and 2020  respectively. The dilution is expected to have a limited effect on the company’s key performance indicators.This proposal has been prepared by the remuneration committee and thereafter by the Board of Directors in consultation with external advisors. The resigning board member Robert Molander is a part of the executive management and has not participated in the Board’s handling of or decision in the matter.Directed issue of warrants to the company or the SubsidiaryThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves on a directed issue of a maximum of 304 500 warrants on the following terms:The right to subscribe for the warrants shall  with deviation from the shareholders’ preferential rights  belong to the company or the Subsidiary. Over-subscription can not occur.The reason for the deviation from shareholders’ preferential rights is that the issue is a part of the implementation of the incentive program  with which the company’s employees and other key persons are given the opportunity to take part in a positive development in the company. The existence of such a program is expected to increase the company’s ability to attract and retain qualified employees.Subscription of the warrants shall be made through subscription on a subscription list no later than May 13  2022. The Board of Directors shall be entitled to extend the subscription period.The warrants are issued free of charge.Each warrant will entitle the holder to subscribe for one (1) new B-share in the company at a subscription price corresponding to 200 percent of the volume-weighted average price of the company’s share according to Nasdaq Stockholm’s official price list during the period ten (10) trading days before May 4  2022. Any share premium shall be transferred to the unrestricted premium reserve.Subscription of B-shares by exercise of warrants shall be made in accordance with the terms of the warrants from June 1  2025 up to and including September 30  2025.If all warrants are exercised for subscription of B-shares  the company’s registered share capital will increase by 82 990.560062 SEK (given current quota value and provided that no recalculation is carried out pursuant to the warrant terms).B-shares issued as a result of subscription shall entitle to dividends on the dividend record date occurring after the share capital is registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) and B-shares have been recorded in the share register kept by Euroclear Sweden AB.The warrants will otherwise be subject to customary terms regarding inter alia recalculation  which are included in the board’s complete proposal.Approval of transfer of warrants from the Subsidiary to participants in the incentive programThe Board of Directors proposes that the Annual General Meeting resolves to approve that the company or the Subsidiary transfers a maximum of 304 500 warrants to the company’s CEO  senior executives and other employees and key persons engaged as consultants  or to companies wholly owned by such persons  according to the following principles.Category A – CEO: the CEO may be allotted a maximum of 120 000 warrants.Category B – other senior executives: participants in this category may be allotted a maximum of 115 000 warrants collectively and each participant in the category may be allotted a maximum of 75 000 warrants individually.Category C – other employees: participants in this category may be allotted a maximum of 69 500 warrants collectively and each participant may be allotted a maximum of 20 000 warrants individually.The warrants shall be transferred on market terms at a price established on the basis of an estimated market value of the warrants at the time of the transfer by applying the Black & Scholes valuation model (option premium). Calculation of the option premium shall be performed by an independent valuation expert.In order to enable the participants acquisition of the warrants  the board may decide on an extra bonus payment which net after deduction for taxes and social security contributions is equivalent to 100% of the option premium.In addition  a so-called pre-emption agreement shall be entered into  pursuant to which the warrant holder shall be obliged to offer the company or the Subsidiary to acquire the warrants  or a portion of them  under certain conditions.Transfer of warrants to participants in the incentive program requires that such transfer may be lawfully made and that it  according to the Board of Directors’ assessment  may be made to reasonable administrative costs.The employees who are entitled to acquire warrants must notify their intention to acquire warrants during the period from May 16  2022 up to and including May 31  2022. However  the Board of Directors shall have the right to extend the time for such notification and to resolve on a new notification period for employees whose acquisitions occur after the initial acquisition period has ended.Costs for the incentive programThe incentive program has been prepared in consultation with external legal and financial advisers and the costs for this guidance is estimated to amount to a maximum of SEK 80 000. The company’s costs for bonus payments to cover the option premium is expected to amount to approximately SEK 4 800 000.In addition to the costs stated above  the Board of Directors deems that the incentive program will cause certain administrative costs in connection with registration  transfer and share subscription by exercise of warrants.Other outstanding share-related incentive programs in the companyWarrant program 2017/2022On May 4  2017  the Annual General Meeting decided on an incentive program by a directed issue of warrants to the Subsidiary. The number of issued warrants is 280 000. In total 260 000 warrants have been transferred to employees. The transfers have been carried out on market terms at a price determined at the time of the transfers by applying the Black & Scholes method of valuation.The holder of warrants may  during the period from April 3  2022 up to and including May 3  2022  for each warrant subscribe for one and one tenth (1.1) new B-share in the company at a subscription price per share amounting to SEK 272.41 (a recalculation of the terms has taken place due to share issues in November 2017 and January 2018).Warrant program 2020/2024On June 16  2020  the Annual General Meeting decided on an incentive program by a directed issue of warrants to the Subsidiary. The number of issued warrants is 375 000. In total 244 073 warrants have been transferred to employees. The transfers have been carried out on market terms at a price determined at the time of the transfers by applying the Black & Scholes method of valuation.The holder of warrants may  during the period from July 1  2024 up to and including September 30  2024  for each warrant subscribe for one (1) new B-share in the company at a subscription price per share amounting to SEK 400.There are no other share-based incentive programs in the company.Majority requirementsThe resolutions above are conditional on each other and are therefore to be adopted jointly. A valid resolution requires approval of shareholders representing at least nine tenths (9/10) of both the votes cast and the shares represented at the meeting.OtherThe CEO  or any other person appointed by the Board of Directors  shall have the right to take those smaller measures that may be required in order to register and implement the resolution.Further informationAvailable documentation and proxy formsThe annual report and other complete documentation will be made available at the company and on www.ibtherapeutics.com no later than three weeks before the Meeting and will be sent free of charge to all shareholders who so request and provide their postal address. The shareholders’ register for the Meeting is also made available at the company. Proxy form for shareholders who wish to vote in advance by proxy is available on the company’s website  and will be sent free of charge to all shareholders who so request and provide their postal address.Questions and shareholders’ right to request informationAt the Annual General Meeting  if any shareholder should so request and the Board assesses that this can be done without significant damage to the company  the Board of Directors and the CEO shall provide information about conditions that could affect the assessment of items on the agenda and conditions that could affect the assessment of the company’s or a subsidiary’s financial situation and the company’s relationship to other group companies. The request for such information shall be made by e-mail to ibt@ibtherapeutics.com or by mail to Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB (publ)  Bryggargatan 10  SE-111 21 Stockholm  Sweden no later than April 24  2022. The information is provided by being made available at the company and the company’s website  no later than April 29  2022. Furthermore  the information will be sent within the same time period to the shareholder who so request and provide its postal address.Shares and votesThe total number of shares in the company amounts to 11 226 184  consisting of 377 736 Class A shares and 10 848 448 Class B shares  carrying a total number of 14 625 808 votes.Personal dataFor information on how your personal data is processed  see the integrity policy available on Euroclear’s website  www.euroclear.com/dam/ESwithLegal/Privacy-notice-bolagsstammor-engelska.pdf. Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB (publ) corporate registration number is 556873-8586 and its registered office is in Stockholm  Sweden.This notice is a translation of a Swedish notice and in case of any deviations between the both language versions  the Swedish version shall prevail.Stockholm in April 2022The Board of Directors of Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB (publ)Attachment,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.19,0.25,0.55,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Infant Bacterial Therapeutics', 'Notice', 'Fourth Swedish National Pension Fund', 'Kristina Sjöblom Nygren', 'lawyer Erik Sjöman', 'Infant Bacterial Therapeutics AB', 'consolidated audit report Decision', 'Rothschild Investments AB', 'second banking day', 'Eva Idén', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Jannis Kitsakis och', 'consolidated balance sheet', 'Nominating Committee Presentation', 'Annual General Meeting', 'consolidated income statement', 'managing director Resolution', 'The Nominating Committee', 'Peter Rothschild Election', 'advance voting form', 'annual report', 'consolidated accounts', 'general meetings', 'Nomination Committee', 'voting rights', 'voting list', 'temporary regulations', 'Such registration', 'share register', 'temporary exceptions', 'other associations', 'legal entity', 'corresponding document', 'Meeting Establishment', 'Auditors Determinations', 'Margareta Hagman', 'Anthon Jahreskog', 'remuneration report', 'senior executives', 'new issuance', 'incentive program', 'Per-Erik Andersson', 'Sebastian Jahreskog', 'Sten Irwe', 'advance votes', 'special form', 'completed form', 'Meeting Election', 'special instructions', 'Further instructions', 'right registration', 'Board members', 'Tuesday May', 'shareholder register', 'two persons', 'shareholders’ register', 'Board Election', 'agenda Resolution', 'publ', 'Wednesday', 'light', 'coronavirus', 'year', 'proxy', 'order', 'April', 'accordance', 'section', 'shares', 'name', 'trustee', 'addition', 'nominee', 'routines', 'time', 'production', 'execution', 'companies', 'ibtherapeutics', 'notification', 'participation', 'company', 'original', 'Bryggargatan', 'Stockholm', 'power', 'attorney', 'certificate', 'incorporation', 'conditions', 'entirety', 'Story', 'Chairman', 'one', 'minutes', 'approval', 'disposals', 'discharge', 'liability', 'number', 'fees', 'Directors', 'Re-election', 'proposal', 'principles', 'authorization', 'implementation', 'resolutions', 'Item', 'Annwall', 'absence', 'extent', 'assignment']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2266,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.newswire.ca/news-releases/shamaran-announces-rights-offering-underwritten-by-major-shareholder-and-an-important-notice-to-holders-of-shamaran-shares-in-euroclear-sweden-878341378.html,SHAMARAN ANNOUNCES RIGHTS OFFERING UNDERWRITTEN BY MAJOR SHAREHOLDER AND AN IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOLDERS OF SHAMARAN SHARES IN EUROCLEAR SWEDEN,13 hours ago,"Dr. Adel Chaouch  President and Chief Executive Officer of ShaMaran  commented: ""ShaMaran is pleased to announce the launch of the rights offering  which allows all shareholders to be part of the next steps in the growth of the Company. We expect this rights offering to be for the benefit of all of ShaMaran's shareholders.""Terms of the Rights Offering and the Standby Commitment AgreementThe Company will undertake the Rights Offering to holders (""Shareholders"") of ShaMaran Common Shares (""Shares"") to each holder of record of Shares at the close of business on April 13  2022 (""Record Date"") for Shareholders who are resident in an ""Eligible Jurisdiction"" (as defined below). Pursuant to the Rights Offering  the Company will distribute one (1) right (a ""Right"") for each Share held to each Shareholder of record at the close of business on the Record Date. Four (4) Rights will entitle the holder to subscribe for one (1) ShaMaran Share upon payment of the subscription price of CAD 0.06825 or SEK 0.52 (""Subscription Price"").The Rights will be issued only to Shareholders on the Record Date who are resident in an ""Eligible Jurisdiction""  being Sweden and all provinces and territories of Canada  and  in accordance with exemptions from applicable prospectus requirements: Norway  Denmark  Finland  France  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and Luxembourg (""Eligible Holders""). Details of the Rights Offering will be set out in the rights offering notice (""Rights Offering Notice"") and the rights offering circular (""Rights Offering Circular"") to be available today on the Company's website at www.shamaranpetroleum.com and under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The Company also expects to publish a Swedish prospectus (""Prospectus"") no later than April 20  2022  subject to final approval by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority  and will be made available that day on the Company's website www.shamaranpetroleum.com and under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The Prospectus will also be available on the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority's website (www.fi.se).Shareholders who are resident outside of the Eligible Jurisdictions (""Ineligible Shareholders"") may be able to participate in the Rights Offering if they can establish to the Company's satisfaction that the transaction is exempt under applicable legislation. If you are an Ineligible Shareholder  please review the Rights Offering Notice  the Rights Offering Circular  the Company's notice to ineligible holders (""Notice to Ineligible Shareholders"") or the Prospectus (as applicable) for information on how you may participate in the Rights Offering.The Standby Purchaser  who holds together with Zebra Holdings and Investments S.à.r.l.  a combined 25.52% of the total outstanding Shares of the Company  is supporting this Rights Offering and has entered into a standby commitment agreement to purchase all equity securities of ShaMaran under the Rights Offering not otherwise subscribed for by other Rightsholders up to a commitment of USD 30 million (the ""Standby Commitment Agreement""). The Standby Purchaser has not been granted any fee or other remuneration for this undertaking. The Standby Purchaser is a related party of the Company under Multilateral Instrument 61-101 – Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions (""MI 61-101"") because it holds  with its joint actor  more than 10% of the issued and outstanding Shares. The Rights Offering is not subject to the related party rules under MI 61-101 based on a prescribed exception related to rights offerings.The Rights will be listed for trading on TSX Venture Exchange (""TSX-V"") under the symbol SNM.RT and the Nasdaq First North Growth Market in Stockholm (""NASDAQ First North"") under the symbol SNM.TR and will be exercisable from the date of mailing to Shareholders of the Rights Offering Notice  expected to occur on April 20  2022.The subscription period on Euroclear Sweden will end at 15:00 (CET) on May 16  2022. The Rights Offering will expire at 14:00 (Eastern time) on May 20  2022. Following the termination of the subscription period on Euroclear Sweden and the expiry of the Rights Offering  any Rights not exercised will expire  be void and will have no value. The right to subscribe for all of the Shares that can be initially purchased upon exercise of all Rights held by a Rightsholder is referred to as the ""Basic Subscription Privilege"". A Rightsholder who has exercised in full its Basic Subscription Privilege will be entitled to subscribe for additional Shares on a pro rata basis  if available  that were not otherwise subscribed for in the Rights Offering at the Subscription Price (""Additional Subscription Privilege"").NOTICE TO HOLDERS OF SHARES THROUGH EUROCLEAR SWEDENShareholders holding their Shares through Euroclear Sweden will not be able to subscribe for additional shares pursuant to the Additional Subscription Privilege (Sv. ""Subsidiär teckning""). Shareholders who wish to subscribe for additional shares pursuant to the Additional Subscription Privilege must have their Shares registered in Canada to further participate in the 2022 Rights Offering according to the Canadian terms and conditions that are included in the Rights Offering Circular and Rights Offering Notice published today. A cross-border halt for the Shares will be implemented on April 12 - 13  2022; hence  anyone re-registering their shares from Euroclear Sweden to Canada must ensure that the re-registration has been completed well before the cross-border halt commences on April 12  2022. ShaMaran shareholders are advised to immediately contact their respective broker or nominee for further information on how to re-register their Shares.RIGHTS OFFERING TIMELINE (2022)HOLDERS OF SHARES INEUROCLEAR SWEDEN REGISTERED HOLDERS OF SHARES AND BENEFICIALHOLDERS OF SHARES NOT ADMINISTERED BYEUROCLEAR Cross Border trading halt April 12-13 April 12-13 Record Date April 13 April 13 Subscription Period April 20 – May 16 April 20 – May 20 Trading in Rights April 20 – May 11 April 20 – May 20 Expiry of Rights Offering May 16  15:00 (CET) May 20  14:00 (Eastern time)Further details on the Rights Offering and the procedures to be followed by Shareholders are included in the Rights Offering Circular  the Rights Offering Notice and the Notice to Ineligible Shareholders  copies of which are filed under the Company's profile on www.sedar.com and on the Company's website at www.shamaranpetroleum.com. The Prospectus will also include additional information and is  subject to approval by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority  expected to be published no later than April 20  2022 under the Company's profile on www.sedar.com and on the Company's website at www.shamaranpetroleum.com.OTHERThis information is information that ShaMaran is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. This information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below  on April 5  2022 at 3:30 a.m. ET. Arctic Securities AS (Swedish branch) is the Company's Certified Adviser on Nasdaq First North  +46 844 68 61 00  [email protected].Neither the TSX-V nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX-V) accept responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this news release.This news release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of the Company in any jurisdiction. There shall be no offer or sale of  or solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities referred to herein in any jurisdiction in which such offer  sale or solicitation would be unlawful.The share subscription rights referred to herein  and any shares issuable upon exercise of such subscription rights  have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""1933 Act"")  or any state securities laws  and may not be directly or indirectly offered  sold  resold or exercised  as applicable  in the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  any U.S. person (as those terms are defined in Regulation S under the 1933 Act) unless they are registered under  or the transaction is exempt from the registration requirements of  the 1933 Act and applicable state securities laws.Further information regarding the acquisition of TEPKRI and related financing transactions referred to in this news release is provided in the material change report of the Company dated July 22  2021 filed with applicable securities regulatory authorities in Canada  a copy of each is available through the SEDAR website at www.sedar.com.This news release has been prepared on the basis that any offer of securities in any Member State of the European Economic Area  other than Sweden  which has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (EU) (2017/1129  as amended  the ""Prospectus Regulation"") (each  a ""Relevant Member State"") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation  as implemented in that Relevant Member State  from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of securities. Accordingly any person making or intending to make any offer in that Relevant Member State of securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated in this news release  may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Company of the Rights Issue to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation  in each case  in relation to such offer. The Company has not authorized  nor do it authorize  the making of any offer of the securities through any financial intermediary. The Company has not authorized  nor does it authorize  the making of any offer of securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Company to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. This news release constitutes an advertisement in accordance with article 2 k of the Prospectus Regulation.FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis news release includes certain ""forward-looking information"" and ""forward-looking statements"" (collectively ""Forward-Looking Statements"") within the meaning of applicable securities legislation. All statements  other than statements of historical fact  included herein  including  without limitation  the timing of and other procedural matters associated with the Rights Offering; the closing of the Sarsang Acquisition  final KRG approval  the anticipated use of proceeds from the Rights Offering  the successful completion of the Rights Offering  the continued listing of the Shares in the capital of the Company on NASDAQ First North and the TSX-V  liquidity and working capital  the effects of the Sarsang Acquisition on ShaMaran´s business  development and prospects and the Company's business goals and objectives are Forward-Looking Statements. Forward-Looking Statements are frequently  but not always  identified by words such as ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""potential""  ""possible""  and similar expressions  or statements that events  conditions  or results ""will""  ""may""  ""could""  or ""should"" occur or be achieved.Forward-Looking Statements involve various risks and uncertainties. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate  and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company's expectations include: commodity price fluctuations; uncertainty with the estimates of the quantities and quality of reserves and resources; risks related to the Company's ability to continue production and generate revenues; risks related to the disruption of infrastructure; risks related to political instability in Kurdistan; risks related to dependence on third parties for the development of projects; equipment breakdowns  labour disputes  non-compliance with permit requirements or other unanticipated difficulties with or interruptions in development; the uncertainties involving the economic viability of developing contingent or prospective resources in the Atrush block and the Sarsang block (following completion of the Sarsang acquisition); risks pertaining to the outbreak of the global pandemics  including COVID-19; government regulation of operations; environmental risks; prices for energy inputs  labour  materials  supplies and services; and risks associated with the validity of petroleum contracts in Kurdistan. In particular  these statements involve assumptions made with regard to the Company's ability to close the Sarsang Acquisition  the commercial viability of the Atrush and Sarsang block  the future demand and prices pertaining to oil and gas  the timely payment for oil deliveries from the KRG and that neither the Federal Government of Iraq´s court decision implying that the KRG's production sharing contracts should be voided or amended  nor the KRG´s order for the cessation of flaring  will be enforced in ways that will have a significant negative impact on ShaMaran´s operations. The Company's Forward-Looking Statements reflect the beliefs  opinions  and projections on the date the statements are made. The Company assumes no obligation to update the Forward-Looking Statements or beliefs  opinions  projections  or other factors  should they change  except as required by law.The Covid-19 virus and the restrictions and disruptions related to it have had a drastic adverse effect on the world demand for  and prices of  oil and gas as well as the market price of the shares of oil and gas companies generally  including the Company's Shares. There can be no assurance that these adverse effects will not continue or that commodity prices will not decrease or remain volatile in the future. These factors are beyond the control of ShaMaran and it is difficult to assess how these  and other factors  will continue to affect the Company and the market price of ShaMaran's Shares. In light of the current situation  as at the date of this news release  the Company continues to review and assess its business plans and assumptions regarding the business environment  as well as its estimates of future production  cash flows  operating costs  and capital expenditures.ABOUT SHAMARANShaMaran is a Kurdistan focused oil development and exploration company which holds a 27.6% interest  through its wholly-owned subsidiary General Exploration Partners  Inc.  in the Atrush Block and as announced in the Company's news release of July 12  2021 upon successful closing of the acquisition from a TotalEnergies' affiliate will then also hold an 18% interest through its then wholly-owned subsidiary TEPKRI Sarsang A/S in the Sarsang Block.ShaMaran is a Canadian oil and gas company listed on the TSX-V and the Nasdaq First North under the symbol ""SNM"" and is part of the ""Lundin Group of Companies"".Follow us on Social Media:Instagram: @shamaranpetroleumcorpTwitter: @shamaran_corpFacebook: @shamaranpetroleumcorpSOURCE ShaMaran Petroleum Corp.For further information: ShaMaran Investor Relations: [email protected]; Sophia Shane  Corporate Development  Canada  +1 604 806 3575  [email protected]; Robert Eriksson  Investor Relations  Sweden  +46 701 112615",positive,0.49,0.31,0.2,mixed,0.25,0.3,0.45,True,English,"['SHAMARAN ANNOUNCES', 'MAJOR SHAREHOLDER', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'SHAMARAN SHARES', 'EUROCLEAR SWEDEN', 'RIGHTS', 'UNDERWRITTEN', 'HOLDERS', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market', 'Investments S.à.r.l.', 'Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority', 'Subsidiär teckning', 'Dr. Adel Chaouch', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'TSX Venture Exchange', 'pro rata basis', 'Standby Commitment Agreement', 'Basic Subscription Privilege', 'The Standby Purchaser', 'related party rules', 'Additional Subscription Privilege', 'Minority Security Holders', 'applicable prospectus requirements', 'total outstanding Shares', 'The Rights Offering', 'rights offering notice', 'Rights Offering Circular', 'ShaMaran Common Shares', 'one (1) ShaMaran Share', 'Swedish prospectus', 'subscription price', 'applicable legislation', 'subscription period', 'The Prospectus', 'additional Shares', 'Four (4) Rights', 'rights offerings', 'next steps', 'Eligible Jurisdiction', 'one (1) right', 'United Kingdom', 'final approval', 'Zebra Holdings', 'equity securities', 'other Rightsholders', 'other remuneration', 'Multilateral Instrument', 'Special Transactions', 'joint actor', 'Eastern time', 'Eligible Holders', 'Euroclear Sweden', 'Ineligible Shareholder', 'SNM.TR', 'Record Date', 'shareholders', 'President', 'launch', 'Company', 'benefit', 'Terms', 'close', 'business', 'April', 'payment', 'CAD', 'SEK', 'provinces', 'territories', 'Canada', 'accordance', 'exemptions', 'Norway', 'Denmark', 'Finland', 'France', 'Netherlands', 'Luxembourg', 'Details', 'website', 'shamaranpetroleum', 'profile', 'SEDAR', 'satisfaction', 'information', 'fee', 'undertaking', 'Protection', 'exception', 'trading', 'TSX-V', 'symbol', 'Stockholm', 'mailing', 'CET', 'May', 'termination', 'expiry', 'value', 'exercise', 'full', 'Sv']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,newswire.ca
2267,Euroclear,Google API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/resolutions-annual-general-meeting-consti-133000273.html,Resolutions of the Annual General Meeting of Consti Plc on 5 April 2022,7 hours ago,Consti OyjConsti Plc Stock Exchange Release 5 April 2022 at 4.30 p.m. EETResolutions of the Annual General Meeting of Consti Plc on 5 April 2022Annual General Meeting of Consti Plc was held through exceptional procedures on 5 April 2022 in Helsinki  Finland in accordance with the temporary legislative act (375/2021)  which entered into force on 8 May 2021. The Company’s shareholders and their proxy representatives were able to participate in the General Meeting and exercise their shareholder rights only through voting in advance as well as by making counterproposals and presenting questions in advance. It was not possible to participate in the meeting in person at the meeting venue.The General Meeting adopted the financial statements for financial period 2021  discharged the members of the Board of Directors and the CEO from liability for the financial period 2021 and adopted the Company’s renumeration report for governing bodies.The General Meeting resolved that a dividend of EUR 0.45 per share for the financial year 2021 shall be paid. The dividend shall be paid to a shareholder who is registered in the Company's shareholders’ register  maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  on the record date for payment  7 April 2022. It was resolved that the dividend is paid on 14 April 2022.The Board of Directors and AuditorThe General Meeting resolved that the Board of Directors consists of six (6) members. The following current members of the Board of Directors Erkki Norvio  Petri Rignell  Pekka Salokangas  Anne Westersund and Johan Westermarck were re-elected as members of the Board of Directors for the following term of office. Juhani Pitkäkoski was elected as a new member of the Board of Directors.Audit firm Ernst & Young Ltd was re-elected as Auditor of the Company and Toni Halonen  Authorised Public Accountant  will act as the auditor in charge.It was resolved that the annual remuneration of the Board Members is paid as follows: Chairman of the Board of Directors is paid EUR 42 000 and members of the Board of Directors are each paid EUR 30 000. It was also resolved that a EUR 500 fee per member per meeting is paid for meetings of the Board of Directors. It was resolved that the travel expenses incurred from participating in the meetings of the Board of Directors are compensated against an invoice. No separate remuneration is awarded for committee work. It was resolved that Auditor is paid a remuneration according to a reasonable invoice approved by the Company.Story continuesAuthorisation of the Board of Directors to decide on the acquisition of own shares as well as on the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to sharesThe Board of Directors was authorised to decide on the acquisition of a maximum of 621 000 own shares in one or more tranches by using the unrestricted equity of the Company. The own shares can be acquired at a price formed in public trading on the acquisition date or at a price otherwise formed on the market. In the acquisition  derivatives  inter alia  can be used. The acquisition of own shares may be made otherwise than in proportion to the share ownership of the shareholders (directed acquisition). Own shares acquired by the Company may be held by it  cancelled or transferred. The authorisation includes the right of the Board of Directors to resolve on how the own shares are acquired as well as to decide on other matters related to the acquisition of own shares.The authorisation revokes previous unused authorisations on the acquisition of the Company’s own shares. The authorisation is valid until the following Annual General Meeting  however no longer than until 30 June 2023.The Board of Directors was authorised to decide on the issuance of shares and on the transfer of special rights entitling to shares referred to in Chapter 10  Section 1 of the Limited Liability Companies Act  in one or several tranches  either against or without consideration. The number of shares to be issued  including shares transferred under special rights  may not exceed 780 000 shares. The Board of the Directors may decide to issue either new shares and/or transfer of own shares possibly held by the Company.The authorisation entitles the Board of Directors to resolve on all the conditions of the issuance of shares and the issuance of special rights entitling to shares  including the right to deviate from the shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right.The authorisation revokes previous unused authorisations on the issuance of shares and the issuance of options and other special rights entitling to shares. The authorisation is valid until the end of the following Annual General Meeting  however no longer than until 30 June 2023.The minutes of the General Meeting will be available on the website of Consti Plc at www.investor.consti.fi as of 19 April 2022  at the latest.Consti PlcEsa Korkeela  CEOAdditional informationEsa Korkeela  CEO  Consti Group Plc  Tel. +358 40 730 8568Joni Sorsanen  CFO  Consti Group Plc  Tel. +358 50 443 3045Distribution:Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.Major mediawww.consti.fiConsti is a leading Finnish company concentrating on renovation and technical services. Consti offers comprehensive renovation and building technology services and selected new construction services to housing companies  corporations  investors and the public sector in Finland’s growth centres. Company has four business areas: Housing Companies  Corporations  Public Sector and Building Technology. In 2021  Consti Group’s net sales amounted to 289 million euro. It employs approximately 1000 professionals in renovation construction and building technology.Consti Plc is listed on Nasdaq Helsinki. The trading code is CONSTI. www.consti.fi,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.04,mixed,0.29,0.23,0.48,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Consti Plc', 'Resolutions', '5 April', 'Consti Plc Stock Exchange Release', 'Limited Liability Companies Act', 'following Annual General Meeting', 'shareholders’ pre-emptive subscription right', 'temporary legislative act', 'Juhani Pitkäkoski', 'previous unused authorisations', 'Authorised Public Accountant', 'Consti Group Plc', 'The General Meeting', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Lt', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'other special rights', 'following term', 'annual remuneration', 'meeting venue', 'Consti Oyj', 'consti.fi', 'Young Ltd', 'public trading', 'other matters', 'exceptional procedures', 'proxy representatives', 'financial statements', 'financial period', 'renumeration report', 'governing bodies', 'financial year', 'shareholders’ register', 'record date', 'Erkki Norvio', 'Petri Rignell', 'Pekka Salokangas', 'Anne Westersund', 'Johan Westermarck', 'Audit firm', 'Toni Halonen', 'travel expenses', 'committee work', 'unrestricted equity', 'Esa Korkeela', 'Additional information', 'Joni Sorsanen', 'The Board', 'The Company', 'separate remuneration', 'shareholder rights', 'six (6) members', 'current members', 'new member', 'EUR 500 fee', 'reasonable invoice', 'share ownership', 'several tranches', 'acquisition date', 'Own shares', 'new shares', 'Board Members', '780,000 shares', 'April', 'Resolutions', 'accordance', 'force', '8 May', 'advance', 'counterproposals', 'questions', 'person', 'Directors', 'CEO', 'dividend', 'payment', 'Auditor', 'office', 'Ernst', 'charge', 'Chairman', 'meetings', 'Story', 'issuance', 'maximum', 'price', 'market', 'derivatives', 'alia', 'proportion', '30 June', 'transfer', 'Chapter', 'Section', 'consideration', 'number', 'conditions', 'options', 'minutes', 'website', 'investor', 'Tel.', 'CFO', 'Distribution', '4.30', '621,000', '358']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2268,Euroclear,Google API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/evli-plc-ten-largest-shareholders-154500908.html,Evli Plc’s ten largest shareholders,5 hours ago,"Evli PlcEVLI PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE 5 APRIL 2022 AT 6.45 PM. (EET/EEST)NOT TO BE PUBLISHED OR DISTRIBUTED  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  IN THE UNITED STATES  AUSTRALIA  SOUTH AFRICA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  CANADA  SINGAPORE OR NEW ZEALAND OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.Evli Plc (the “Company” or “Evli”) has two share classes  class A shares and class B shares. A class A share confers twenty (20) votes and a class B share confers one (1) vote at the General Meeting. Trading in Evli Plc's B share started in Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange on April 4  2022 with the ticker symbol ""EVLI"" and ISIN code FI4000513437.The ten (10) largest registered shareholders of the Company and their shares of ownership are shown in the table below based on the shareholders’ register maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd. Shareholders’ holdings are presented based on information from the shareholders’ register as of 4 April 2022 and does not include the shareholders that are nominee registered.Shareholder Number of class A shares Number of class B shares % of shares % of votes 1. Oy Prandium Ab 3 803 280 950 820 19.9 25.7 2. Oy Scripo Ab 3 803 280 950 820 19.9 25.7 3. Oy Fincorp Ab 2 319 780 335 141 11.1 15.6 4. Ingman Group Oy Ab 1 860 000 650 000 10.5 12.6 5. Lehtimäki Jyri Maunu Olavi 533 728 171 031 3.0 3.6 6. Moomin Characters Oy Ltd 411 235 1.7 0.1 7. Tallberg Claes 369 756 32 588 1.7 2.5 8. Hollfast John Erik 328 320 71 680 1.7 2.2 9. Society of Swedish Literature in Finland 220 336 0.9 0.1 10. von Bonsdorff Petter Patrick Anders 161 664 40 820 0.8 1.1 Ten largest registered shareholders  in total 13 179 8083 834 47171.389.4Other shareholders 1 313 340 5 529 818 28.7 10.6 of which nominee-registered shares 371 059 1.6 0.1 In total 14 493 148 9 364 289 100 100EVLI PLCFurther information:Juho Mikola  CFO  Evli Plc  tel. +358 40 717 8888  juho.mikola@evli.comEvli in briefWe see wealth as an engine to drive progress. We draw on our heritage  broad expertise and Nordic values to grow and manage wealth for institutions  corporations and private persons in a responsible way.Story continuesWe are the leading asset manager in Finland* offering a broad range of services including mutual funds  asset management and capital markets services  alternative investment products  equity research  share plan design and administration as well as Corporate Finance services. Responsible investing is integrated in every investment decision and our expertise is widely acknowledged by our clients. Evli has Finland's best expertise in responsible investment.**Evli Group employs around 290 professionals and Evli has a total of EUR 17.5 billion in client assets under management (net 12/2021). Evli Plc’s B shares are listed on Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.*Kantar Prospera External Asset Management Finland 2015  2016  2017  2018  2019  2021  Kantar Prospera Private Banking 2019  2020 Finland **SFR Scandinavian Financial Research Institutional Investment Services Finland 2021.Distribution: Nasdaq Helsinki  main media  www.evli.comImportant NoticeThis release is not an offer of shares in the United States and it is not intended for distribution in or into the United States or in any other jurisdiction in which such distribution would be prohibited by applicable law. Evli’s shares have not been and will not be been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “Securities Act”) or the securities laws of any state of the United States  and may not be offered  sold or delivered within or into the United States  except pursuant to an applicable exemption of  or in a transaction not subject to  the Securities Act.This release does neither constitute an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities by Evli in the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such offering  solicitation or sale would be unlawful. This release must not be forwarded  distributed or sent  directly or indirectly  in whole or in part  in or into the United States or any jurisdiction where the distribution of this release would breach any applicable law or regulation or would require any registration or licensing within such jurisdiction. Failure to comply with the foregoing limitation may result in a violation of the Securities Act or other applicable securities laws or regulations.This release includes “forward-looking statements” that are based on present plans  estimates  projections and expectations and are not guarantees of future performance. They are based on certain expectations and assumptions  which  even though they seem to be reasonable at present  may turn out to be incorrect. Shareholders should not rely on these forward-looking statements. Neither Evli nor any of their respective affiliates  advisors or representatives or any other person undertakes any obligation to review or confirm or to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that arise after the date of this release.",neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,mixed,0.18,0.23,0.6,True,English,"['ten largest shareholders', 'Evli Plc', 'SFR Scandinavian Financial Research Institutional Investment Services Finland', 'Kantar Prospera External Asset Management Finland', 'Lehtimäki Jyri Maunu Olavi', 'Kantar Prospera Private Banking', 'Bonsdorff Petter Patrick Anders', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Stock Exchange', 'EVLI PLC STOCK EXCHANGE RELEASE', 'ten (10) largest registered shareholders', 'Ten largest registered shareholders', 'Moomin Characters Oy Ltd', 'U.S. Securities Act', 'other applicable securities laws', 'capital markets services', 'alternative investment products', 'Corporate Finance services', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd.', 'leading asset manager', 'Nasdaq Helsinki Ltd.', 'Hollfast John Erik', 'two share classes', 'class A share', 'share plan design', 'class B share', 'Ingman Group Oy', 'equity research', 'investment decision', 'responsible investment', 'private persons', 'Oy Prandium', 'Oy Scripo', 'Oy Fincorp', 'B shares', 'applicable law', 'applicable exemption', 'Other shareholders', 'other person', 'Evli Group', 'shareholders’ register', 'UNITED STATES', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'HONG KONG', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'WHICH PUBLICATION', 'one (1) vote', 'General Meeting', 'ticker symbol', 'ISIN code', 'Tallberg Claes', 'Swedish Literature', 'nominee-registered shares', 'Nordic values', 'responsible way', 'broad range', 'mutual funds', 'Responsible investing', 'client assets', 'main media', 'Important Notice', 'foregoing limitation', 'forward-looking statements', 'future performance', 'respective affiliates', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'broad expertise', 'best expertise', 'twenty (20) votes', 'Shareholder Number', 'Further information', 'Juho Mikola', 'present plans', 'APRIL', 'EET/EEST', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'CANADA', 'SINGAPORE', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'Company', 'Trading', 'ownership', 'table', 'holdings', 'Society', 'total', 'CFO', 'tel', 'brief', 'wealth', 'engine', 'progress', 'heritage', 'institutions', 'corporations', 'Story', 'administration', 'clients', '290 professionals', 'offer', 'transaction', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'part', 'regulation', 'registration', 'licensing', 'Failure', 'violation', 'estimates', 'projections', 'expectations', 'guarantees', 'assumptions', 'advisors', 'representatives', 'obligation', 'revisions', 'events', 'circumstances', 'date', '6.45', '358']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,uk.finance.yahoo.com
2269,Euroclear,Google API,https://www.brusselstimes.com/belgium/215243/belgium-blocks-nearly-e200-billion-in-russian-assets,Belgium blocks nearly €200 billion in Russian assets,5 hours ago,Credit: BelgaIn line with European sanctions on Russia  Belgium has blocked €196.4 billion in Russian financial transactions. Belgium’s Federal Government has also frozen assets valued €2.7 billion  according to Belgian Minister of Finance Vincent Van Peteghem in a comment to RTBF.€2.7 billion of assets  from 877 individuals and 62 entities identified by the European Union’s financial sanctions list  are currently being held by the Federal Government.Belgium customs staff are working to ensure that goods do not slip through the net. In Belgium’s ports 23 191 containers have been checked  and 20 601 of these were released shortly afterwards. Three containers loaded with luxury goods bound for Russia have been seized.Related PostsIn the port of Zeebrugge  1000 luxury vehicles intended for sale in Russia have been seized. Much of these assets are goods that have been purchased by Russian customers before the introduction of sanctions.The most significant fraction of blocked assets  the nearly €197 billion in financial transactions  are part of the EU’s efforts to limit Russia’s access to international financial markets.Brussels is home to Euroclear  one of the world’s largest financial securities transactions companies  which likely explains the large amount.According to figures published by the National Bank of Belgium  between 2017-2019  imports of Russian goods accounted for  on average  1.5% of Belgian GDP. The import of Russian goods to Belgium is estimated to be worth roughly €6.7 billion per year.,negative,0.04,0.36,0.6,negative,0.02,0.18,0.8,True,English,"['Russian assets', 'Belgium', 'largest financial securities transactions companies', 'Finance Vincent Van Peteghem', 'international financial markets', 'Russian financial transactions', 'financial sanctions list', 'Belgium customs staff', 'Russian customers', 'European sanctions', 'Federal Government', 'Belgian Minister', 'European Union', 'Related Posts', '1000 luxury vehicles', 'significant fraction', 'large amount', 'National Bank', 'Belgian GDP', 'Russian goods', 'luxury goods', 'Three containers', '23,191 containers', 'Credit', 'Belga', 'line', 'assets', 'comment', 'RTBF', '877 individuals', '62 entities', 'net', 'ports', 'Zeebrugge', 'sale', 'introduction', 'part', 'efforts', 'access', 'Brussels', 'Euroclear', 'world', 'figures', 'import', 'year']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,brusselstimes.com
2270,Euroclear,Bing API,https://menafn.com/1103966138/Invitation-to-the-Bbs-Bioactive-Bone-Substitutes-Plcs-Annual-General-Meeting-AGM,Invitation to the Bbs-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc's Annual General Meeting (AGM),English Finnish Stock Exchange Release April 5th  2022 at 6.00 pm  INVITATION TO THE BBS-BIOACTIVE BONE SUBSTITUTES PLC'S ANNUAL GENERAL M,(MENAFN- GlobeNewsWire - Nasdaq) English FinnishStock Exchange Release April 5th  2022 at 6.00 pmINVITATION TO THE BBS-BIOACTIVE BONE SUBSTITUTES PLC'S ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING (AGM)The shareholders of BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc are invited to the company's Annual General Meeting  which is held at the company's premises at Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu  on Thursday April 28th 2022 starting at 2.00 pm (EET). At the AGM the right to participate and the right to vote are held by the shareholders registered in the shareholder register on the record date April 14th 2022. Shareholders through the nominee register must register for the meeting by April 25th 2022 at 10.00 am (EET) at the latest.A. MATTERS TO BE DEALT WITH AT THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING1. Opening of the AGM2. Election of the chairman and the secretary3. Election of person to scrutinise the minutes and persons to supervise the counting of votes4. Recording the legality of the meeting5. Recording the attendance at the meeting and adoption of the list of votes6. Presentation of the financial statements for the year ended December 31st 2021  the report of the Board of Directors and the auditor's report. CEO's Review7. Decide on the approval of the income statement and balance sheet8. Resolution on the use of the profit shown on the balance sheet and the payment of dividends.The Board of Directors proposes that the result for the financial year be transferred to the previous profit and loss account and no dividend is distributed9. Resolution on the discharge of the members of the Board of Directors and the President and CEO from liability10.Resolution on the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors11.Resolution on the number of members of the Board of Directors (3-7)12.Election of the members of the Board of Directors13.Resolution on the auditor's remuneration14.Election of the auditor16) Closing of the meetingB. AGM DOCUMENTSThe financial statements and the auditor's report are available to shareholders at the company's premises at Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu and on Company's website at Copies of the documents will be sent to shareholders on request.C: INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE PARTICIPANTS IN THE MEETINGShareholders listed in the shareholder registerThe right to attend the AGM will be on each shareholder who  on the record date of April 14th 2022 of the AGM  is registered in the company's shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy. A shareholder whose shares are subscribed to his or her personal Finnish book-entry account is registered in the company's shareholder register.A shareholder registered in the Company's Shareholder Register who wishes to attend the AGM must register to the AGM via e-mail at the following address or by mail to Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu. The registration must be received latest by April 25th 2022 at 4.00 pm (EET).When registering  the name of the shareholder  social security number or company ID  the telephone number and the identity of the potential assistant should be indicated. The disclosure of the personal data of the shareholders to BBS Oyj is only used in connection with the AGM and the related necessary registration.A shareholder  his representative or agent  at the meeting venue  should be able to prove his/her identity and/or the right to represent  where appropriate.Holders of nominee-registered sharesThe shareholders of nominee-registered shareholder are entitled to attend at AGM on the basis of the shares entitling him/her to be registered in the Shareholder Register maintained by the Euroclear Finland Oy on April 14th 2022. Participation also requires the shareholder to be temporarily entered into the shareholder register maintained by Euroclear Finland Oy by April 25th 2022 at 10.00 am (EET) on the basis of these shares. Shares subscribed in the temporary register of nominee-registered shareholders are considered officially registered for the AGM.The owner of a nominee-registered shareholder is advised to request promptly from his/her custodian the necessary instructions for registration in the company's temporary shareholder register on the issuance of power of attorney and registration for the AGM. The administrator of the custodian shall notify such shareholder of nominee-registered shares who wishes to attend the AGM to be included in the company's temporary shareholder register no later than on the above-mentioned date.3. Shares registered in Euroclear Sweden ABA shareholder whose shares are registered in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities system and who intends to participate in the Extraordinary General Meeting and exercise his/her voting rights there shall be registered in the list of shareholders maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB by March 14th 2022 at the latest.In order to be entitled to request temporary registration in the shareholders' register of BBS Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd  the holder of nominee registered shares must request that his/her shares be temporarily registered in the shareholders' register maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB and ensure that the trustee sends the above-mentioned temporary registration request to Euroclear Sweden AB. Registration must be made no later than March 14th 2022  and therefore a request must be made to the trustee well in advance of that date.A shareholder whose shares are registered in Euroclear Sweden AB's securities system and who intends to participate in the Annual General Meeting and exercise his/her voting rights there shall request temporary registration in the shareholders' register of BBS Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc maintained by Euroclear Finland Ltd . The request to BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc must be made in writing to e-mail address no later than 10:00 am Swedish time (CET) on April 19th 2022. Temporary registration in the shareholders' register through BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Oyj is also a registration for the Extraordinary General Meeting.The use of agent and proxiesA shareholder may participate in the AGM and exercise his/her rights there through an agent. The shareholder's agent must prove his identity and present dated power of attorney or otherwise provide in a reliable manner that he/she is entitled to represent the shareholder at the AGM. If a shareholder participates in the AGM through multiple agents  representing the shareholder in several securities accounts  at the time of registration must be reported the shares on the basis of which each representative represents the shareholder. Possible proxy documents are requested to be delivered by e-mail to or by letter to Kiviharjunlenkki 6  90220 Oulu of April 25th 2022 at 4.00 pm (EET). The registration by letter must be received before the expiry of the above-mentioned registration period.In Oulu April 5th 2022BBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes PlcBoard of DirectorsFor more information:Ilkka Kangasniemi  CEO tel. +35840 7080307  e-mail:Liisa Hukka  CFO tel. +35840 0611038  e-mail:Certified Advisor: Nordic Certified Adviser AB tel. +46 70 551 67 29 DISTRIBUTION:Nasdaq Helsinki OyNasdaq Stockholm ABKey mediaBBS-Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc is the health technology company operating since 2003. Before that there was a background of seven years of product development in the University of Oulu. We have developed a new product for healing of difficult bone fractures and for solving the problems in bone healing. Our mission is to offer new generation medicinal products for the orthopedic surgery. The research and development in the field of medicine requires perseverance and courage to develop new things. We have over 20 years of expertise in this. Our operations are characterized by top expertise  innovativeness and dedicated and committed employees. The ARTEBONE® product is ready and the application process for the CE-mark has been initiated. BBS is a company having its headquarters in Oulu. We have our own production plant located in Reisjärvi which has received a certificate of GMP compliance of a manufacturer . More information:,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,negative,0.05,0.39,0.56,True,English,"['Bbs-Bioactive Bone Substitutes', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Invitation', 'Plc', 'AGM', 'English Finnish Stock Exchange Release', 'BBS Bioactive Bone Substitutes Plc', 'BBS-BIOACTIVE BONE SUBSTITUTES PLC', 'personal Finnish book-entry account', 'Euroclear Finland Oy', 'Euroclear Finland Ltd', 'Euroclear Sweden AB', 'Thursday April 28th', 'social security number', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'Extraordinary General Meeting', 'related necessary registration', 'nominee registered shares', 'temporary shareholder register', 'B. AGM DOCUMENTS', 'BBS Oyj', 'loss account', 'personal data', 'temporary register', 'temporary registration', 'MENAFN- GlobeNewsWire', 'April 25th', 'A. MATTERS', 'financial statements', 'income statement', 'balance sheet', 'April 14th', 'telephone number', 'potential assistant', 'necessary instructions', 'securities system', 'voting rights', 'March 14th', 'meeting venue', 'nominee-registered shareholder', 'record date', 'financial year', 'previous profit', 'nominee-registered shares', ""shareholders' register"", 'company ID', 'The Board', 'AGM.', 'Nasdaq', 'INVITATION', 'premises', 'Kiviharjunlenkki', '90220 Oulu', 'Opening', 'Election', 'chairman', 'secretary', 'minutes', 'persons', 'counting', 'votes', 'legality', 'attendance', 'adoption', 'list', 'Presentation', 'report', 'Directors', 'auditor', 'CEO', 'Review', 'approval', 'Resolution', 'use', 'payment', 'dividends', 'result', 'discharge', 'members', 'President', 'liability', 'remuneration', 'Closing', 'website', 'Copies', 'request', 'PARTICIPANTS', 'mail', 'following', 'address', 'name', 'identity', 'disclosure', 'connection', 'representative', 'agent', 'basis', 'Participation', 'owner', 'custodian', 'issuance', 'power', 'attorney', 'administrator', 'order', '6.00', '2.00', '10.00', '4.00', '3.']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,menafn.com
2271,Euroclear,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/convening-annual-general-meeting-euronext-154500636.html,Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+353 87 361 2380Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan+39 02 72 42 62 12Oslo+47 41 69 59 10 Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45 CONVENING OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF EURONEXT N.,"EuronextContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +353 87 361 2380 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45CONVENING OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF EURONEXT N.V.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 05 April 2022 – Euronext today announced that the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) will take place on Wednesday 18 May 2022 at 10:30 CEST at Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlands.The agenda for the meeting is as follows:Opening Presentation of the Chief Executive Officer (discussion item) Annual report 2021 Explanation of the policy on additions to reserves and dividends (discussion item) Proposal to adopt the 2021 remuneration report (voting item 1) Proposal to adopt the 2021 financial statements (voting item 2) Proposal to adopt a dividend of €1.93 per ordinary share (voting item 3) Proposal to discharge the members of the Managing Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2021 (voting item 4) Proposal to discharge the members of the Supervisory Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2021 (voting item 5) Composition of the Supervisory Board Re-appointment of Manuel Ferreira da Silva as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 6) Re-appointment of Padraic O’Connor as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 7) Composition of the Managing Board Appointment of Fabrizio Testa as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 8)Proposal to appoint the external auditor (voting item 9) Proposal to designate the Managing Board as the competent body: to issue ordinary shares (voting item 10); and to restrict or exclude the pre-emptive rights of shareholders (voting item 11)Proposal to authorise the Managing Board to acquire ordinary shares in the share capital of the company on behalf of the company (voting item 12) Any other business CloseThe AGM will be conducted in English.Story continuesRegistration date AGMPursuant to Dutch law and Euronext N.V.’s Articles of Association  the persons who will be considered as entitled to attend and vote at the AGM are those persons who are registered as such in the administrations held by their financial intermediaries (the “Shareholders”) on 20 April 2022  after processing of all settlements on that date (the “Registration Date”).Registration and voting instructionsShareholders holding their shares through Euroclear France S.A. (i.e. the public) who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by their financial intermediary or by Euronext Securities Department – BNP PARIBAS Securities Services. Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received by their financial intermediary no later than on 12 May 2022 for receipt no later than on 13 May 2022 by BNP Paribas Securities Service CTS Assemblées Générales  9 rue du Débarcadère  93761 Pantin Cedex  France. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder) and declaration that the shares were in custody with the Euroclear France-admitted institution on the Registration Date. This certificate will serve as the admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Shareholders holding their shares through Interbolsa in Portugal who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by Euronext Securities Department – BNP PARIBAS Securities Services. Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received by their financial intermediary no later than on 12 May 2022 for receipt no later than on 13 May 2022 by BNP Paribas Securities Services  PT Local Team  Edificio Art’s  Av. D. Joao II  Lote 1.18.01  Bloco B  1998-028 Lisboa  Portugal. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares on the Registration Date; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder). This certificate will serve as admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Shareholders are advised to make contact with their financial intermediary in the case of any questions.Persons without a valid admission certificate will not be given access to the meeting. Attendees may be asked for identification prior to being admitted.At the time of the publication of this convening notice  Euronext’s total issued share capital in number of issued shares and in voting rights is published on Euronext’s website at:https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/capital-and-shareholdingWebcastThere will be a live broadcast of the AGM via:https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/euronextwebcast/20220518_2/.AGM DocumentationThe AGM Documentation (i.e. this convening notice  the agenda and the explanatory notes thereto including the information on the persons to be appointed to the Supervisory Board and the Managing Board  as well as the 2021 Annual Report) is available:at the registered office of Euronext N.V.: Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlandsby email request to EuronextCorporateSecretary@euronext.comon Euronext’s website at www.euronext.com/investor-relations/shareholder-meetingsfrom BNP PARIBAS Securities Services CTS Assemblées Générales  9 rue du Débarcadère  93761 Pantin Cedex  France  + 33 1 57 43 02 30Managing Board and Supervisory Board of Euronext N.V.Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The NetherlandsRegistered at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce  under number 60234520CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Shannon Sweeney (Dublin) +353 87 361 2380 ssweeney@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris) +33 1 70 48 24 45 smound@euronext.comANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ckubiak@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed issuers and around €6.9 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2021  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs. For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/ euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/ euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2022  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,mixed,0.29,0.37,0.34,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext N.V.', 'BNP Paribas Securities Service CTS Assemblées Générales', '9 rue du Débarcadère', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'BNP PARIBAS Securities Services', 'Av. D. Joao II', 'Manuel Ferreira da Silva', 'Euroclear France S.A.', 'EURONEXT N.V.', 'Euronext Securities Department', 'Euroclear France-admitted institution', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Padraic O’Connor', 'attendance card request', 'PT Local Team', 'Annual report 2021 Explanation', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'valid admission certificate', 'Managing Board Appointment', '2021 remuneration report', 'Supervisory Board', 'The Netherlands', 'Opening Presentation', '2021 financial statements', 'ordinary share', 'Fabrizio Testa', 'external auditor', 'competent body', 'pre-emptive rights', 'other business', 'Dutch law', 'financial intermediaries', 'financial intermediary', '93761 Pantin Cedex', 'Edificio Art', 'Bloco B', 'voting rights', 'live broadcast', 'share capital', 'Registration date', 'convening notice', '1012 JW Amsterdam', 'voting instructions', 'voting form', 'Wednesday 18 May', 'discussion item', 'The AGM', 'shares', '12 May', '13 May', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '05 April', 'place', 'Beursplein', 'agenda', 'policy', 'additions', 'reserves', 'dividends', 'Proposal', 'members', 'respect', 'duties', 'year', 'Composition', 'shareholders', 'company', 'behalf', 'English', 'Story', 'Articles', 'Association', 'persons', 'administrations', '20 April', 'processing', 'settlements', 'public', 'power', 'attorney', 'purpose', 'documents', 'receipt', 'holding', 'name', 'city', 'residence', 'number', 'attendee', 'custody', 'Interbolsa', 'Portugal', 'Lote', 'Lisboa', 'case', 'questions', 'access', 'identification', 'time', 'website', 'investor-relations', 'Webcast', '10:30']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,uk.finance.yahoo.com
2272,Euroclear,Bing API,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/shamaran-announces-rights-offering-underwritten-074700851.html,SHAMARAN ANNOUNCES RIGHTS OFFERING UNDERWRITTEN BY MAJOR SHAREHOLDER AND AN IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOLDERS OF SHAMARAN SHARES IN EUROCLEAR SWEDEN,"ShaMaran Petroleum Corp. (""ShaMaran"" or the ""Company"") (TSXV: SNM) (Nasdaq First North Growth Market (Sweden): SNM) is pleased to announce an equity rights offering in the amount of approximately USD 30.","/NOT FOR RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION OR PUBLICATION  DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY  WITHIN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA  AUSTRALIA  HONG KONG  JAPAN  NEW ZEALAND  SINGAPORE  SOUTH AFRICA  SWITZERLAND  OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE RELEASE  DISTRIBUTION OR PUBLICATION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL OR REQUIRE ANY OTHER MEASURES THAN REQUIRED BY SWEDISH OR CANADIAN LAW./VANCOUVER  BC  April 5  2022 /CNW/ - ShaMaran Petroleum Corp. (""ShaMaran"" or the ""Company"") (TSXV: SNM) (Nasdaq First North Growth Market (Sweden): SNM) is pleased to announce an equity rights offering in the amount of approximately USD 30.5 million (""Rights Offering"") to its Shareholders  of which USD 30 million is underwritten by its major shareholder  Nemesia Holdings S.à.r.l. (the ""Standby Purchaser"")  as previously noted in the Company's news release on July 12  2021. The Company has determined that  due to the improvement in its cashflow since the July 2021 announcement  it now intends to use the proceeds raised from the Rights Offering for general corporate and administrative purposes. View PDF versionDr. Adel Chaouch  President and Chief Executive Officer of ShaMaran  commented: ""ShaMaran is pleased to announce the launch of the rights offering  which allows all shareholders to be part of the next steps in the growth of the Company. We expect this rights offering to be for the benefit of all of ShaMaran's shareholders.""Terms of the Rights Offering and the Standby Commitment AgreementThe Company will undertake the Rights Offering to holders (""Shareholders"") of ShaMaran Common Shares (""Shares"") to each holder of record of Shares at the close of business on April 13  2022 (""Record Date"") for Shareholders who are resident in an ""Eligible Jurisdiction"" (as defined below). Pursuant to the Rights Offering  the Company will distribute one (1) right (a ""Right"") for each Share held to each Shareholder of record at the close of business on the Record Date. Four (4) Rights will entitle the holder to subscribe for one (1) ShaMaran Share upon payment of the subscription price of CAD 0.06825 or SEK 0.52 (""Subscription Price"").The Rights will be issued only to Shareholders on the Record Date who are resident in an ""Eligible Jurisdiction""  being Sweden and all provinces and territories of Canada  and  in accordance with exemptions from applicable prospectus requirements: Norway  Denmark  Finland  France  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and Luxembourg (""Eligible Holders""). Details of the Rights Offering will be set out in the rights offering notice (""Rights Offering Notice"") and the rights offering circular (""Rights Offering Circular"") to be available today on the Company's website at www.shamaranpetroleum.com and under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The Company also expects to publish a Swedish prospectus (""Prospectus"") no later than April 20  2022  subject to final approval by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority  and will be made available that day on the Company's website www.shamaranpetroleum.com and under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. The Prospectus will also be available on the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority's website (www.fi.se).Story continuesShareholders who are resident outside of the Eligible Jurisdictions (""Ineligible Shareholders"") may be able to participate in the Rights Offering if they can establish to the Company's satisfaction that the transaction is exempt under applicable legislation. If you are an Ineligible Shareholder  please review the Rights Offering Notice  the Rights Offering Circular  the Company's notice to ineligible holders (""Notice to Ineligible Shareholders"") or the Prospectus (as applicable) for information on how you may participate in the Rights Offering.The Standby Purchaser  who holds together with Zebra Holdings and Investments S.à.r.l.  a combined 25.52% of the total outstanding Shares of the Company  is supporting this Rights Offering and has entered into a standby commitment agreement to purchase all equity securities of ShaMaran under the Rights Offering not otherwise subscribed for by other Rightsholders up to a commitment of USD 30 million (the ""Standby Commitment Agreement""). The Standby Purchaser has not been granted any fee or other remuneration for this undertaking. The Standby Purchaser is a related party of the Company under Multilateral Instrument 61-101 – Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Transactions (""MI 61-101"") because it holds  with its joint actor  more than 10% of the issued and outstanding Shares. The Rights Offering is not subject to the related party rules under MI 61-101 based on a prescribed exception related to rights offerings.The Rights will be listed for trading on TSX Venture Exchange (""TSX-V"") under the symbol SNM.RT and the Nasdaq First North Growth Market in Stockholm (""NASDAQ First North"") under the symbol SNM.TR and will be exercisable from the date of mailing to Shareholders of the Rights Offering Notice  expected to occur on April 20  2022.The subscription period on Euroclear Sweden will end at 15:00 (CET) on May 16  2022. The Rights Offering will expire at 14:00 (Eastern time) on May 20  2022. Following the termination of the subscription period on Euroclear Sweden and the expiry of the Rights Offering  any Rights not exercised will expire  be void and will have no value. The right to subscribe for all of the Shares that can be initially purchased upon exercise of all Rights held by a Rightsholder is referred to as the ""Basic Subscription Privilege"". A Rightsholder who has exercised in full its Basic Subscription Privilege will be entitled to subscribe for additional Shares on a pro rata basis  if available  that were not otherwise subscribed for in the Rights Offering at the Subscription Price (""Additional Subscription Privilege"").NOTICE TO HOLDERS OF SHARES THROUGH EUROCLEAR SWEDENShareholders holding their Shares through Euroclear Sweden will not be able to subscribe for additional shares pursuant to the Additional Subscription Privilege (Sv. ""Subsidiär teckning""). Shareholders who wish to subscribe for additional shares pursuant to the Additional Subscription Privilege must have their Shares registered in Canada to further participate in the 2022 Rights Offering according to the Canadian terms and conditions that are included in the Rights Offering Circular and Rights Offering Notice published today. A cross-border halt for the Shares will be implemented on April 12 - 13  2022; hence  anyone re-registering their shares from Euroclear Sweden to Canada must ensure that the re-registration has been completed well before the cross-border halt commences on April 12  2022. ShaMaran shareholders are advised to immediately contact their respective broker or nominee for further information on how to re-register their Shares.RIGHTS OFFERING TIMELINE (2022)HOLDERS OF SHARES INEUROCLEAR SWEDEN REGISTERED HOLDERS OF SHARES AND BENEFICIALHOLDERS OF SHARES NOT ADMINISTERED BYEUROCLEAR Cross Border trading halt April 12-13 April 12-13 Record Date April 13 April 13 Subscription Period April 20 – May 16 April 20 – May 20 Trading in Rights April 20 – May 11 April 20 – May 20 Expiry of Rights Offering May 16  15:00 (CET) May 20  14:00 (Eastern time)Further details on the Rights Offering and the procedures to be followed by Shareholders are included in the Rights Offering Circular  the Rights Offering Notice and the Notice to Ineligible Shareholders  copies of which are filed under the Company's profile on www.sedar.com and on the Company's website at www.shamaranpetroleum.com. The Prospectus will also include additional information and is  subject to approval by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority  expected to be published no later than April 20  2022 under the Company's profile on www.sedar.com and on the Company's website at www.shamaranpetroleum.com.OTHERThis information is information that ShaMaran is obliged to make public pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation. This information was submitted for publication  through the agency of the contact persons set out below  on April 5  2022 at 3:30 a.m. ET. Arctic Securities AS (Swedish branch) is the Company's Certified Adviser on Nasdaq First North  +46 844 68 61 00  certifiedadviser@arctic.com.Neither the TSX-V nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX-V) accept responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this news release.This news release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of the Company in any jurisdiction. There shall be no offer or sale of  or solicitation of an offer to buy  any securities referred to herein in any jurisdiction in which such offer  sale or solicitation would be unlawful.The share subscription rights referred to herein  and any shares issuable upon exercise of such subscription rights  have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the ""1933 Act"")  or any state securities laws  and may not be directly or indirectly offered  sold  resold or exercised  as applicable  in the United States or to  or for the account or benefit of  any U.S. person (as those terms are defined in Regulation S under the 1933 Act) unless they are registered under  or the transaction is exempt from the registration requirements of  the 1933 Act and applicable state securities laws.Further information regarding the acquisition of TEPKRI and related financing transactions referred to in this news release is provided in the material change report of the Company dated July 22  2021 filed with applicable securities regulatory authorities in Canada  a copy of each is available through the SEDAR website at www.sedar.com.This news release has been prepared on the basis that any offer of securities in any Member State of the European Economic Area  other than Sweden  which has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (EU) (2017/1129  as amended  the ""Prospectus Regulation"") (each  a ""Relevant Member State"") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation  as implemented in that Relevant Member State  from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of securities. Accordingly any person making or intending to make any offer in that Relevant Member State of securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated in this news release  may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Company of the Rights Issue to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation  in each case  in relation to such offer. The Company has not authorized  nor do it authorize  the making of any offer of the securities through any financial intermediary. The Company has not authorized  nor does it authorize  the making of any offer of securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Company to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. This news release constitutes an advertisement in accordance with article 2 k of the Prospectus Regulation.FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTSThis news release includes certain ""forward-looking information"" and ""forward-looking statements"" (collectively ""Forward-Looking Statements"") within the meaning of applicable securities legislation. All statements  other than statements of historical fact  included herein  including  without limitation  the timing of and other procedural matters associated with the Rights Offering; the closing of the Sarsang Acquisition  final KRG approval  the anticipated use of proceeds from the Rights Offering  the successful completion of the Rights Offering  the continued listing of the Shares in the capital of the Company on NASDAQ First North and the TSX-V  liquidity and working capital  the effects of the Sarsang Acquisition on ShaMaran´s business  development and prospects and the Company's business goals and objectives are Forward-Looking Statements. Forward-Looking Statements are frequently  but not always  identified by words such as ""expects""  ""anticipates""  ""believes""  ""intends""  ""estimates""  ""potential""  ""possible""  and similar expressions  or statements that events  conditions  or results ""will""  ""may""  ""could""  or ""should"" occur or be achieved.Forward-Looking Statements involve various risks and uncertainties. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate  and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the Company's expectations include: commodity price fluctuations; uncertainty with the estimates of the quantities and quality of reserves and resources; risks related to the Company's ability to continue production and generate revenues; risks related to the disruption of infrastructure; risks related to political instability in Kurdistan; risks related to dependence on third parties for the development of projects; equipment breakdowns  labour disputes  non-compliance with permit requirements or other unanticipated difficulties with or interruptions in development; the uncertainties involving the economic viability of developing contingent or prospective resources in the Atrush block and the Sarsang block (following completion of the Sarsang acquisition); risks pertaining to the outbreak of the global pandemics  including COVID-19; government regulation of operations; environmental risks; prices for energy inputs  labour  materials  supplies and services; and risks associated with the validity of petroleum contracts in Kurdistan. In particular  these statements involve assumptions made with regard to the Company's ability to close the Sarsang Acquisition  the commercial viability of the Atrush and Sarsang block  the future demand and prices pertaining to oil and gas  the timely payment for oil deliveries from the KRG and that neither the Federal Government of Iraq´s court decision implying that the KRG's production sharing contracts should be voided or amended  nor the KRG´s order for the cessation of flaring  will be enforced in ways that will have a significant negative impact on ShaMaran´s operations. The Company's Forward-Looking Statements reflect the beliefs  opinions  and projections on the date the statements are made. The Company assumes no obligation to update the Forward-Looking Statements or beliefs  opinions  projections  or other factors  should they change  except as required by law.The Covid-19 virus and the restrictions and disruptions related to it have had a drastic adverse effect on the world demand for  and prices of  oil and gas as well as the market price of the shares of oil and gas companies generally  including the Company's Shares. There can be no assurance that these adverse effects will not continue or that commodity prices will not decrease or remain volatile in the future. These factors are beyond the control of ShaMaran and it is difficult to assess how these  and other factors  will continue to affect the Company and the market price of ShaMaran's Shares. In light of the current situation  as at the date of this news release  the Company continues to review and assess its business plans and assumptions regarding the business environment  as well as its estimates of future production  cash flows  operating costs  and capital expenditures.ABOUT SHAMARANShaMaran is a Kurdistan focused oil development and exploration company which holds a 27.6% interest  through its wholly-owned subsidiary General Exploration Partners  Inc.  in the Atrush Block and as announced in the Company's news release of July 12  2021 upon successful closing of the acquisition from a TotalEnergies' affiliate will then also hold an 18% interest through its then wholly-owned subsidiary TEPKRI Sarsang A/S in the Sarsang Block.ShaMaran is a Canadian oil and gas company listed on the TSX-V and the Nasdaq First North under the symbol ""SNM"" and is part of the ""Lundin Group of Companies"".Follow us on Social Media:Instagram: @shamaranpetroleumcorpTwitter: @shamaran_corpFacebook: @shamaranpetroleumcorpSHAMARAN ANNOUNCES RIGHTS OFFERING UNDERWRITTEN BY MAJOR SHAREHOLDER AND AN IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOLDERS OF SHAMARAN SHARES IN EUROCLEAR SWEDEN (CNW Group/ShaMaran Petroleum Corp.)SOURCE ShaMaran Petroleum Corp.CisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/April2022/05/c2504.html",positive,0.49,0.31,0.2,mixed,0.36,0.3,0.35,True,English,"['SHAMARAN ANNOUNCES', 'MAJOR SHAREHOLDER', 'IMPORTANT NOTICE', 'SHAMARAN SHARES', 'EUROCLEAR SWEDEN', 'RIGHTS', 'UNDERWRITTEN', 'HOLDERS', 'Nemesia Holdings S.à.r.l.', 'Nasdaq First North Growth Market', 'Investments S.à.r.l.', 'Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority', 'Dr. Adel Chaouch', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'TSX Venture Exchange', 'Standby Commitment Agreement', 'Minority Security Holders', 'related party rules', 'The Standby Purchaser', 'ShaMaran Petroleum Corp.', 'total outstanding Shares', 'applicable prospectus requirements', 'equity rights offering', 'rights offering notice', 'The Rights Offering', 'ShaMaran Common Shares', 'Rights Offering Circular', 'one (1) ShaMaran Share', 'Zebra Holdings', 'Swedish prospectus', 'one (1) right', 'applicable legislation', 'equity securities', 'Four (4) Rights', 'rights offerings', 'UNITED STATES', 'HONG KONG', 'NEW ZEALAND', 'SOUTH AFRICA', 'OTHER JURISDICTION', 'OTHER MEASURES', 'CANADIAN LAW', 'general corporate', 'administrative purposes', 'PDF version', 'next steps', 'Eligible Jurisdiction', 'subscription price', 'United Kingdom', 'Eligible Holders', 'final approval', 'The Prospectus', 'other Rightsholders', 'other remuneration', 'Multilateral Instrument', 'Special Transactions', 'joint actor', 'subscription period', 'major shareholder', 'Ineligible Shareholder', 'July 2021 announcement', 'Record Date', 'news release', 'Euroclear Sweden', 'The Company', 'SNM.TR', 'Shareholders', 'DISTRIBUTION', 'PUBLICATION', 'AMERICA', 'AUSTRALIA', 'JAPAN', 'SINGAPORE', 'SWITZERLAND', 'VANCOUVER', 'BC', 'TSXV', 'amount', 'USD', 'improvement', 'cashflow', 'proceeds', 'President', 'launch', 'benefit', 'Terms', 'close', 'business', 'April', 'payment', 'CAD', 'SEK', 'provinces', 'territories', 'Canada', 'accordance', 'exemptions', 'Norway', 'Denmark', 'Finland', 'France', 'Netherlands', 'Luxembourg', 'Details', 'website', 'shamaranpetroleum', 'profile', 'SEDAR', 'Story', 'satisfaction', 'information', 'fee', 'undertaking', 'Protection', 'exception', 'trading', 'TSX-V', 'symbol', 'Stockholm', 'mailing']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2273,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@GeertNoels u vergeet Swift en Euroclear...,nan,@GeertNoels u vergeet Swift en Euroclear...,negative,0.08,0.38,0.54,negative,0.08,0.38,0.54,True,English,"['GeertNoels', 'Swift', 'Euroclear', 'GeertNoels', 'Swift', 'Euroclear']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,Unknown
2274,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,@quatremer Clearstream  Euroclear...,nan,@quatremer Clearstream  Euroclear...,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['quatremer Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'quatremer Clearstream', 'Euroclear']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,Unknown
2275,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,"Join our live webinar on ""Access #SaudiArabia's sovereign and quasi-sovereign #sukuks through Euroclear"" with guest… https://t.co/9i2YrAH0lP",nan,"Join our live webinar on ""Access #SaudiArabia's sovereign and quasi-sovereign #sukuks through Euroclear"" with guest… https://t.co/9i2YrAH0lP",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['live webinar', 'Access #SaudiArabia', 'sovereign #sukuks', 'Euroclear', 'guest', '9i2YrAH0lP', 'live webinar', 'Access #SaudiArabia', 'sovereign #sukuks', 'Euroclear', 'guest', '9i2YrAH0lP']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,Unknown
2276,Euroclear,Twitter API,Twitter,Banks vie for share of trillion-dollar equipment finance market #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/HCBlQNBJqd #regtech,nan,Banks vie for share of trillion-dollar equipment finance market #AAA Websites Euroclear Fintech https://t.co/HCBlQNBJqd #regtech,neutral,0.03,0.9,0.07,neutral,0.03,0.9,0.07,True,English,"['trillion-dollar equipment finance market', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Banks', 'share', 'Fintech', 'co', 'HCBlQNBJqd', 'regtech', 'trillion-dollar equipment finance market', 'AAA Websites Euroclear', 'Banks', 'share', 'Fintech', 'co', 'HCBlQNBJqd', 'regtech']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,Unknown
2277,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.securitiesfinancetimes.com/securitieslendingnews/industryarticle.php?article_id=225463&navigationaction=industrynews&newssection=industry,SIX launches new platform for the Nordic markets and completes acquisition of REGIS-TR,9 hours ago,SIX launches new platform for the Nordic markets and completes acquisition of REGIS-TRSIX has launched a new clearing platform for the Nordic Markets to enable the clearing of 10 million trade legs per day  with SIX expecting an increase in the number of cleared trades going forward.Based on Nasdaq technology  the new clearing IT infrastructure has been integrated into the SIX post-trade architecture.SIX intends to extend the markets and trading venue coverage for Swiss clearing onto this new platform as the next step of its growth.The upgrade will provide continued enhancement of the IT infrastructure and reliability as well as increased functionality and processing capabilities  says SIX.Javier Hernani  head of securities services at SIX  comments: “This upgrade reinforces the position of SIX as a source of high-quality market infrastructure. The new platform for the Nordic markets  with its increased efficiency and scalability  will enable market participants to enhance the client experience in post-trade processes.”Roland Chai  executive vice president and head of market infrastructure technology  at Nasdaq Market Technology  says: “This demonstrates Nasdaq’s ability to deliver robust next generation architecture at the core of European interoperable cash equities markets. We look forward to continuing our technology partnership and supporting SIX in their long-term growth ambitions.”The news comes in the same week that SIX completed the acquisition of Clearstream’s 50 per cent stake in REGIS-TR  which has now become a 100 per cent owned SIX company.REGIS-TR  consisting of REGIS-TR S.A. and REGIS-TR UK  has a portfolio of more than 2 000 European clients across over 40 countries.REGIS-TR is a European trade repository for reporting trades and transactions across multiple product classes and jurisdictions  open to financial and non-financial institutions.,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,positive,0.7,0.29,0.02,True,English,"['new platform', 'Nordic markets', 'SIX', 'acquisition', 'REGIS-TR', 'European interoperable cash equities markets', 'robust next generation architecture', 'new clearing IT infrastructure', 'European trade repository', '10 million trade legs', 'trading venue coverage', 'executive vice president', 'multiple product classes', 'high-quality market infrastructure', 'market infrastructure technology', 'long-term growth ambitions', '50 per cent stake', 'REGIS-TR S.A.', 'new clearing platform', 'SIX post-trade architecture', 'Nasdaq Market Technology', '2,000 European clients', 'next step', '100 per cent', 'new platform', 'market participants', 'Nasdaq technology', 'Swiss clearing', 'post-trade processes', 'technology partnership', 'Nordic markets', 'continued enhancement', 'processing capabilities', 'Javier Hernani', 'securities services', 'client experience', 'Roland Chai', 'same week', 'REGIS-TR UK', 'financial institutions', 'SIX company', 'SIX.', 'acquisition', 'day', 'increase', 'number', 'trades', 'upgrade', 'reliability', 'functionality', 'head', 'position', 'source', 'efficiency', 'scalability', 'core', 'news', 'Clearstream', 'portfolio', '40 countries', 'reporting', 'transactions', 'jurisdictions']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,securitiesfinancetimes.com
2278,Clearstream,Google API,https://ifamagazine.com/article/pimfas-diversity-inclusion-awards-return-for-second-year-and-open-for-new-entries/,PIMFA’s Diversity & Inclusion Awards return for second year and open for new entries,13 hours ago,PIMFA the trade association for the wealth management  investment services and financial advice sector is delighted to announce that its Diversity & Inclusion Awards is open to entries.Now in their second year  PIMFA’s Diversity & Inclusion Awards seek to celebrate the many instances of good practice and innovation which remain hidden or unrecognised with the profession. It also seeks to highlight new initiatives and provide inspiration to drive positive change and help build a more inclusive industry which better reflects its increasingly diverse customer base.Last year’s inaugural awards received an overwhelmingly positive response from the industry with over 100 entries. The launch of this year’s awards comes ahead of two papers to be released by PIMFA – informed by last year’s awards – in the coming weeks demonstrating examples of D&I best practice within the industry and examining the regulator’s expectations of firms in D&I in the years to come.This year’s event  held in partnership with Royal London  Interactive Investor  Morningstar SEI Investment Europe  Raymond James  ClearStream  FIS and Howden  is expected to be even bigger and better culminating in a gala awards ceremony and black-tie dinner at the Sheraton Grand Hotel in central London on 19 October 2022.Award entries will  once more  be judged by a group of industry peers alongside experts in diversity and inclusion from charities that PIMFA partner with. This includes Richard Wilson  Chief Executive of Interactive Investor; Peter Moores  Chief Executive of Raymond James; Jennifer Mathias  Chief Finance Officer at Rathbones; Theresa Heaton  Head of Change at Brown Shipley; Matt Cameron  Global Managing Director at LGBT Great  and Bev Shah  CEO & Founder  City Hive among others.The PIMFA Diversity & Inclusion Awards include the following awards categories:(Firm) Inclusive Talent Management (small-medium firms: one – 350 employees)(Firm) Inclusive Talent Management (large firm: 351+ employees)(Individual) Rising Talent(Firm) Best D&I Initiative (small-medium firms 1- 350 employees)(Firm) Best D&I Initiative (large firms 351+ employees)Best Industry D&I Initiative(Firm) Best Approach to Wellbeing(Individual) The Overall D&I ChampionBest Supplier AwardAs before the Awards are FREE to enter and open to all firms and stakeholders in the sector – you do not have to be a PIMFA member to enter. The closing date for submissions is 8 June 2022 – full information and entries can be submitted at: https://pimfadiawards.awardstage.com/Liz Field  Chief Executive of PIMFA (pictured)  commented: “We were absolutely thrilled by the response to our inaugural Diversity & Inclusion Awards last year. That response showed just how seriously the industry takes this issue and gave us a real insight into the progress already being made towards better reflecting the society we serve.“Diversity is a fact  but inclusion is a choice and PIMFA knows that there are firms of all sizes who are focusing on making that choice within their business every day.“We want to recognise these firms and celebrate the inherent value that comes from a more diverse and inclusive profession  and I want to encourage firms of all sizes to examine what they are already doing to bring about change.“There is also a wide variety of exceptionally talented individuals coming up through the ranks in our industry  who are helping their organisations provide support to diverse communities and clients or developing and leading innovation.“We think it is appropriate to celebrate those people  and those organisations  that are working hard to ensure our industry better represents the wider society it aims to serve  and perhaps learn a little from those that are already making progress towards a more diverse and inclusive workforce along the way.”,neutral,0.06,0.93,0.02,positive,0.81,0.16,0.03,True,English,"['Inclusion Awards', 'second year', 'new entries', 'PIMFA', 'Diversity', 'The Overall D&I Champion', 'Best Industry D&I Initiative', 'Best D&I Initiative', 'Morningstar SEI Investment Europe', 'D&I best practice', 'Best Supplier Award', 'Sheraton Grand Hotel', 'Global Managing Director', 'Chief Finance Officer', 'financial advice sector', 'gala awards ceremony', 'following awards categories', 'diverse customer base', 'Inclusive Talent Management', 'The PIMFA Diversity', 'Best Approach', 'investment services', 'good practice', 'wealth management', 'Rising Talent', 'inclusive workforce', 'Chief Executive', 'inclusive industry', 'trade association', 'many instances', 'new initiatives', 'two papers', 'coming weeks', 'Royal London', 'Interactive Investor', 'Raymond James', 'black-tie dinner', 'central London', 'Richard Wilson', 'Peter Moores', 'Jennifer Mathias', 'Theresa Heaton', 'Brown Shipley', 'Matt Cameron', 'LGBT Great', 'Bev Shah', 'City Hive', 'closing date', 'full information', 'Liz Field', 'real insight', 'inherent value', 'wide variety', 'talented individuals', 'inaugural awards', 'inclusive profession', 'Award entries', 'industry peers', '351+ employees', '1- 350 employees', 'diverse communities', 'second year', 'last year', 'Inclusion Awards', 'inaugural Diversity', 'leading innovation', 'wider society', 'small-medium firms', 'large firms', 'PIMFA member', 'positive change', 'positive response', '100 entries', 'inspiration', 'launch', 'examples', 'regulator', 'expectations', 'years', 'event', 'partnership', 'ClearStream', 'FIS', 'Howden', '19 October', 'group', 'experts', 'charities', 'Rathbones', 'Head', 'CEO', 'Founder', 'others', 'Wellbeing', 'stakeholders', 'submissions', '8 June', 'pimfadiawards', 'issue', 'progress', 'fact', 'choice', 'sizes', 'business', 'ranks', 'organisations', 'support', 'clients', 'people', 'way']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,ifamagazine.com
2279,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.globalcustodian.com/six-launches-clearing-platform-targeting-the-nordic-markets/,SIX launches clearing platform targeting the Nordic markets,9 hours ago,SIX Securities Services has launched a new clearing IT infrastructure for the Nordic markets  based on Nasdaq technology.The new platform has been integrated into the SIX Post Trade Architecture (PTA) and according to SIX  has been in stable operation since Monday last week.According to the exchange operator  10 million trade legs per days will be able to be cleared thanks to the improved IT infrastructure  with SIX expecting an increase in the number of cleared trades in the future.As the next step of the platform’s evolution  SIX intends to extend the markets and trading venue coverage for Swiss clearing onto this new platform.The enhanced platform is said to provide benefits to clients including continued enhancement of the IT infrastructure and reliability  as well as increased functionality and processing capabilities.“The new platform for the Nordic markets  with its increased efficiency and scalability  will enable market participants to enhance the client experience in post-trade processes ” said Javier Hernani  head of securities services at SIX.“In addition  IT development will become more agile and adaptable to client  market  and regulatory needs  which is crucial in the fast-moving market environment.”Earlier this month  SIX completed the acquisition of the remaining stake in European trade repository  REGIS-TR  from Clearstream to become the sole owner. SIX said the full consolidation of the business represents an opportunity for it to further integrate and deliver a suite of streamlined services to customers across Europe.“By leveraging Nasdaq’s flexible clearing technology  SIX can further evolve and grow its clearing business and advance its scalability and efficiency  while bolstering its position as a leading provider of clearing services ” said Roland Chai  executive vice president and head of market infrastructure technology at Nasdaq Market Technology.“We look forward to continuing our technology partnership and supporting SIX in their long-term growth ambitions.”,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,positive,0.79,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['clearing platform', 'Nordic markets', 'SIX', 'SIX Post Trade Architecture', 'new clearing IT infrastructure', '10 million trade legs', 'European trade repository', 'trading venue coverage', 'executive vice president', 'long-term growth ambitions', 'moving market environment', 'flexible clearing technology', 'market infrastructure technology', 'Nasdaq Market Technology', 'SIX Securities Services', 'clearing services', 'Nasdaq technology', 'technology partnership', 'IT development', 'market participants', 'clearing business', 'new platform', 'stable operation', 'exchange operator', 'next step', 'continued enhancement', 'processing capabilities', 'client experience', 'post-trade processes', 'Javier Hernani', 'regulatory needs', 'remaining stake', 'sole owner', 'full consolidation', 'leading provider', 'Roland Chai', 'Nordic markets', 'PTA', 'Monday', 'days', 'increase', 'number', 'trades', 'future', 'evolution', 'Swiss', 'benefits', 'clients', 'reliability', 'functionality', 'efficiency', 'scalability', 'head', 'addition', 'acquisition', 'REGIS-TR', 'Clearstream', 'opportunity', 'suite', 'streamlined', 'customers', 'position']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,globalcustodian.com
2280,Clearstream,Google API,https://www.fortbendnow.com/global-self-expanding-stents-market-trends-and-strategies-2022-2029-aesculap-stryker-andramed/,Global Self-Expanding Stents Market Trends And Strategies 2022-2029,16 hours ago,This practical and detailed Self-Expanding Stents market report provides a clear picture of trade regulation  Self-Expanding Stents market expansion  new product launches and innovations. It identifies Self-Expanding Stents market trends and future market growth in the year 2022-2029. It also introduces the Self-Expanding Stents market competition among the major industry players in the market. Market research analysis is a useful tool for the growth of many businesses  as this Self-Expanding Stents market report provides a basic knowledge of market movements and Self-Expanding Stents idustry trends. It tries to meet the demand for products to help central players make big profits when bringing new items to Self-Expanding Stents market.Collect free Sample copy of the Self-Expanding Stents market report 2022: https://calibreresearch.com/report/global-selfexpanding-stents-market-204265#request-sampleGlobal Self-Expanding Stents Market intelligence report is a comprehensive overview of the Self-Expanding Stents Market position. Full information provided of past progress  current market conditions  and a future prospect is provided in the Self-Expanding Stents report. It also gives accurate overview of the key strategy  Self-Expanding Stents market size  and products of leading companies in this market segment. Complete report from Materials  Applications  and Self-Expanding Stents industry forecasts for 2022 are expert and in-depth research information on the global regional Self-Expanding Stents market situation  focusing on every region.Top Company studied in the Self-Expanding Stents market report:AbbottAesculapStrykerAndramedBaltonBoston ScientificB. BraunCook MedicalTerumo EuropeBiotronikBraileClearstreamCordisELLA-CSEndo-FlexEndocorEucatechHEXACATHInSituiVascularMedinolMicroVentionPauldrachPhenoxRontisStentysHave Any Query Of Self-Expanding Stents Industry Report 2022: https://calibreresearch.com/report/global-selfexpanding-stents-market-204265#inquiry-for-buyingProduct types uploaded in the Self-Expanding Stents market are:MetallicNo-metallicKey applications of this report are:Peripheral Nervous SystemDigestive SystemArteryRespiratory SystemUrologicalThis Market will be significant in the Self-Expanding Stents growth during the forecast period. Moreover  there will be an increase in new product launches and continuous innovations due to the rise in the Self-Expanding Stents popularity of resulting in boosting the market in the coming years. The Self-Expanding Stents report provides the past  present and future Self-Expanding Stents industry Size  trends and the forecast information related to the expected Self-Expanding Stents sales revenue  growth  Self-Expanding Stents demand and supply scenario. Furthermore  the opportunities and the threats to the development of Self-Expanding Stents market forecast period from 2022 to 2029.Get Complete Report for Better Understanding : https://calibreresearch.com/report/global-selfexpanding-stents-market-204265Geographic region of the Self-Expanding Stents market includes:North America Self-Expanding Stents Market(United States  North American country and Mexico) Europe Market(Germany  Self-Expanding Stents France Market  UK  Russia and Italy) Asia-Pacific market (China  Self-Expanding Stents Japan and Korea market  Asian nation and Southeast Asia) South America Self-Expanding Stents Regions inludes(Brazil  Argentina  Republic of Colombia etc.) Self-Expanding Stents Africa (Saudi Arabian Peninsula  UAE  Egypt  Nigeria and South Africa)Lastly  Self-Expanding Stents report provides Market intelligence in the most comprehensive way. The report structure has been kept such that it offers maximum business value. Self-Expanding Stents report provides critical insights on the Market dynamics and will enable strategic decision making for the existing Market players as well as those willing to enter the Self-Expanding Stents Market.,neutral,0.01,0.99,0.0,positive,0.63,0.33,0.04,True,English,"['Global Self-Expanding Stents Market Trends', 'Strategies', 'Boston Scientific B. Braun Cook Medical', 'global regional Self-Expanding Stents market situation', 'Global Self-Expanding Stents Market intelligence report', 'expected Self-Expanding Stents sales revenue', 'South America Self-Expanding Stents Regions', 'North America Self-Expanding Stents Market', 'future Self-Expanding Stents industry Size', 'detailed Self-Expanding Stents market report', 'Self-Expanding Stents market forecast period', 'Self-Expanding Stents industry forecasts', 'Self-Expanding Stents market size', 'Self-Expanding Stents market expansion', 'Self-Expanding Stents market competition', 'Self-Expanding Stents Market position', 'Self-Expanding Stents France Market', 'Self-Expanding Stents Industry Report', 'The Self-Expanding Stents report', 'Self-Expanding Stents idustry trends', 'Self-Expanding Stents market trends', 'Self-Expanding Stents popularity', 'Self-Expanding Stents Japan', 'Self-Expanding Stents Africa', 'North American country', 'Self-Expanding Stents growth', 'Self-Expanding Stents demand', 'major industry players', 'Market research analysis', 'current market conditions', 'Stryker Andramed Balton', 'Saudi Arabian Peninsula', 'maximum business value', 'strategic decision making', 'existing Market players', 'Peripheral Nervous System', 'Artery Respiratory System', 'future market growth', 'depth research information', 'new product launches', 'free Sample copy', 'South Africa', 'future prospect', 'forecast information', 'market movements', 'market segment', 'Europe Market', 'Asia-Pacific market', 'Korea market', 'Market dynamics', 'Complete report', 'report structure', 'central players', 'new items', 'Product types', 'Digestive System', 'Full information', 'clear picture', 'trade regulation', 'useful tool', 'many businesses', 'basic knowledge', 'big profits', 'comprehensive overview', 'past progress', 'accurate overview', 'key strategy', 'leading companies', 'Top Company', 'Terumo Europe', 'Biotronik Braile', 'Clearstream Cordis', 'InSitu iVascular', 'Phenox Rontis', 'coming years', 'past, present', 'supply scenario', 'Better Understanding', 'United States', 'Asian nation', 'Southeast Asia', 'comprehensive way', 'critical insights', 'Key applications', 'continuous innovations', 'Geographic region', 'practical', 'products', 'calibreresearch', 'request', 'Materials', 'expert', 'Abbott', 'Aesculap', 'ELLA-CS', 'Endo-Flex', 'Endocor', 'Eucatech', 'HEXACATH', 'Medinol', 'MicroVention', 'Pauldrach', 'Stentys', 'Query', 'global-selfexpanding-stents-market', 'inquiry', 'Metallic', 'Urological', 'increase', 'rise', 'opportunities', 'threats', 'development', 'Mexico', 'Germany', 'UK', 'Russia', 'Italy', 'China', 'inludes', 'Brazil', 'Argentina', 'Republic', 'Colombia', 'UAE', 'Egypt', 'Nigeria', '2022']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,fortbendnow.com
2281,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@quatremer Clearstream  Euroclear...,nan,@quatremer Clearstream  Euroclear...,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['quatremer Clearstream', 'Euroclear', 'quatremer Clearstream', 'Euroclear']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,Unknown
2282,Clearstream,Twitter API,Twitter,@dgwbirch Yep…SBF is proving the exact utility of blockchain that Clearstream &amp; all the incumbent consortia failed… https://t.co/vM3ACjwfEg,nan,@dgwbirch Yep…SBF is proving the exact utility of blockchain that Clearstream &amp; all the incumbent consortia failed… https://t.co/vM3ACjwfEg,negative,0.01,0.01,0.99,negative,0.01,0.01,0.99,True,English,"['exact utility', 'incumbent consortia', 'dgwbirch', 'SBF', 'blockchain', 'Clearstream', 'amp', 'vM3ACjwfEg', 'exact utility', 'incumbent consortia', 'dgwbirch', 'SBF', 'blockchain', 'Clearstream', 'amp', 'vM3ACjwfEg']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,Unknown
2283,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.etfstream.com/news/rize-etf-unveils-europe-s-first-pet-care-etf-in-double-launch/,Rize ETF unveils Europe's first pet care ETF in double launch,14 hours ago,Rize ETF unveils Europe’s first pet care ETF in double launchThe ETFs are listed on the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche BoerseRize ETF has launched Europe’s first ETF targeting the pet care industry and another capturing emerging market internet and eCommerce sectors.The Rize Pet Care UCITS ETF (PETZ) and the Rize Emerging Markets and Ecommerce UCITS ETF (EMRJ) are listed on the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Boerse with total expense ratios (TERs) of 0.45% and 0.55%  respectively.The two ETFs will list on the Borsa Italiana and SIX Swiss Exchange in due course.PETZ physically replicates the Foxberry Pet Care index of 29 companies involved pet food and consumables  pet retail goods and services  pet health  pet insurance and veterinary services and equipment.Only companies deriving at least 20% of their revenues from the target theme  with a market cap of at least $750m and daily trading volumes exceeding $2m are selected for inclusion.Pet ownership is expected to grow 14% over the next 10 years  with research from Morgan Stanley forecasting household spending per pet will rise from $980 in 2020 to $1 909 in 2030.Rahul Bhushan (pictured)  co-founder and director at Rize ETF  commented: “Many single-person households  unmarried and childless families are increasingly adopting pets and the growth of our ageing population has also led to a greater number of furry companions.“With the rise of work from home  pet adoption has suddenly become a lot easier  and people are making long-term commitments to their pets. For pet care companies  this has meant big business.”EMRJ tracks the Foxberry Emerging Market Internet & Ecommerce index of 57 companies involved in digital commerce and online marketplaces  on-demand food  ride-hailing  social commerce  online travel  logistics and fulfilment  online search  digital advertisement digital media  video gaming and entertainment.Like PETZ  EMRJ’s index only captures companies deriving at least 20% of their revenues from its desired theme. Companies must also have a minimum market cap of $500m  a daily trading volume above $2m. Weightings to each emerging market are also capped at 25% on index rebalance days.Stuart Forbes  co-founder and director at Rize ETF  said: “In the years ahead  we are looking at two converging but mutually reinforcing megatrends: the internet as an incubator for technological innovation and ecommerce as a catalyst for behavioural change.“Our ETF does two things. Firstly  it integrates our standard ESG screening to avoid exposure to the bad corporate citizens. And secondly  it limits any single country exposure to 25% – ensuring the strategy never defaults to a proxy China fund – something that continues to plague many emerging market funds.”The two products are the latest additions to its thematic ETF roster following the launch of the Rize Digital Payments Economy UCITS ETF (PMNT) last November.Related articles,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,negative,0.02,0.14,0.84,True,English,"['first pet care ETF', 'Rize ETF', 'double launch', 'Europe', 'Rize Digital Payments Economy UCITS ETF', 'The Rize Pet Care UCITS ETF', 'digital advertisement digital media', 'many emerging market funds', 'Foxberry Pet Care index', 'Foxberry Emerging Market Internet', 'first pet care ETF', 'Ecommerce UCITS ETF', 'pet care industry', 'Many single-person households', 'Rize Emerging Markets', 'London Stock Exchange', 'total expense ratios', 'SIX Swiss Exchange', 'daily trading volumes', 'standard ESG screening', 'bad corporate citizens', 'proxy China fund', 'thematic ETF roster', 'minimum market cap', 'index rebalance days', 'single country exposure', 'pet care companies', 'Rize ETF', 'first ETF', 'digital commerce', 'pet food', 'pet health', 'pet insurance', 'Pet ownership', 'pet adoption', 'Ecommerce index', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'eCommerce sectors', 'Borsa Italiana', 'due course', 'retail goods', 'Morgan Stanley', 'household spending', 'Rahul Bhushan', 'childless families', 'ageing population', 'greater number', 'furry companions', 'long-term commitments', 'big business', 'online marketplaces', 'demand food', 'social commerce', 'online travel', 'online search', 'video gaming', 'Stuart Forbes', 'two converging', 'technological innovation', 'behavioural change', 'two things', 'two products', 'latest additions', 'Related articles', 'double launch', 'two ETFs', 'veterinary services', 'target theme', 'next 10 years', '29 companies', '57 companies', 'Europe', 'PETZ', 'EMRJ', 'TERs', 'consumables', 'equipment', 'revenues', 'inclusion', 'research', 'founder', 'director', 'unmarried', 'pets', 'growth', 'rise', 'work', 'home', 'people', 'ride-hailing', 'logistics', 'fulfilment', 'entertainment', 'Weightings', 'megatrends', 'incubator', 'catalyst', 'strategy', 'something', 'PMNT']",2022-04-04,2022-04-05,etfstream.com
2284,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/major-european-markets-close-on-mixed-note-1,Major European Markets Close On Mixed Note,4 hours ago,"(RTTNews) - European stocks turned in a mixed performance on Tuesday with investors closely tracking the updates on the geopolitical front  and reacting to the latest batch of economic data from the region besides looking ahead to the release of the minutes of the Federal Reserve's most recent policy meeting.Worries about rising inflation  and Concerns about the economic impact of the ongoing war in Ukraine and looming sanctions on Russia following alleged atrocities by the Russian troops in Ukraine weighed on sentiment.The 27-member EU is under pressure to extend sanctions to Russia's oil and coal sectors for what appear to be war crimes in Ukraine.The pan European Stoxx 600 edged up 0.19%. The U.K.'s FTSE 100 climbed 0.72%  while Germany's DAX and France's CAC 40 slid 0.65% and 1.28%  respectively. Switzerland's SMI ended 0.29% up.Among other markets in Europe  Belgium  Denmark  Finland  Portugal  Spain and Turkey closed higher.Russia declined sharply on weak economic data. Austria  Czech Republic  Ireland  Netherlands  Poland and Sweden also ended weak  while Greece  Iceland and Norway closed flat.In the UK market  National Grid  SSE  United Utilities  Croda International  GlaxoSmithKline and Severn Trent gained 3 to 3.6%.Hargreaves Lansdown  B&M European Value Retail  Dechra Pharmaceuticals  British Land  Segro  Glencore  Diageo  AstraZeneca and BAE Systems gained 1.8 to 2.6%.HomeServe shares moved higher after the home repairs and improvements business said it made very good progress in fiscal 2022  delivering an acceleration in performance compared to prior year  in line with expectations.Airtel Africa tumbled nearly 4%. Melrose Industries  Endeavour Mining  Smiths Group  CRH  Ashtead Group  Barratt Developments  Aveva Group  Smurfit Kappa Group  Ferguson  Rolls-Royce Holdings  IAG and Kingfisher ended lower by 1.5 to 2.5%.In the German market  HelloFresh surged up more than 4.5%. Deutsche Boerse  RWE  Symrise  Linde  Qiagen  Zalando and Deutsche Telekom gained 1 to 3%.MTU Aero Engines plunged nearly 6%. Infineon Technologies  Continental  Siemens  HeidelbergCement  Henkel  Deutsche Post and BMW shed 2.5 to 4.5%. BASF  Adidas  Volkswagen  Puma and Covestra also declined sharply.In the French market  Sanofi and Pernod Ricard moved up by about 1.7% and 1.5%  respectively. L'Oreal  Hermes International  Unibail Rodamco and Danone posted modest gains.Faurecia drifted down nearly 7%. Societe Generale ended nearly 6% down. The ING Group has signed an agreement with Boursorama  a subsidiary of the French lender  to offer services to retail customers of ING in France.Renault  STMicroElectronics  Veolia  Credit Agricole  Airbus  Atos  BNP Paribas  Saint Gobain  Vinci and ArcelorMittal ended lower by 4 to 6%.Shares of Danish wind turbine manufacturer Vestas Wind Systems soared more than 8% after Credit Suisse analysts raised the rating for the stock to ""outperform.""In economic releases  Eurozone PMI data released earlier in the day pointed to a strong expansion in private sector activity in March  helped by robust growth across services. However  business confidence hit a 17-month low due to a record surge in inflation.Despite strong inflationary pressures  the UK service sector grew the most in ten months in March as the removal of pandemic restrictions and return to offices had led to a sharp rebound in customer demand  final survey data from S&P Global showed on Tuesday.The Chartered Institute of Procurement & Supply services Purchasing Managers' Index rose to 62.6 in March from 60.5 in February.The reading was above the flash 61.0. The score signaled the second strongest growth since May 1997.Russia's private sector activity contracted in March at the fastest pace since 2020 amid heightened economic and geopolitical uncertainty  survey data from S&P Global showed on Tuesday.The composite output index posted 37.7 in March  down notably from 50.8 in February. A score below 50.0 indicates contraction in the sector.There was a marked contraction in business activity as manufacturers and service providers alike recorded substantial declines. The services PMI registered 38.1 in March  down from 52.1 in the previous month.The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq  Inc.",neutral,0.03,0.88,0.1,mixed,0.1,0.23,0.67,True,English,"['Major European Markets', 'Mixed Note', 'B&M European Value Retail', 'Danish wind turbine manufacturer', 'The pan European Stoxx', 'The U.K.', 'The Chartered Institute', 'recent policy meeting', 'MTU Aero Engines', 'Vestas Wind Systems', 'S&P Global', ""Purchasing Managers' Index"", 'composite output index', 'Credit Suisse analysts', 'strong inflationary pressures', 'second strongest growth', 'Smurfit Kappa Group', 'private sector activity', 'final survey data', 'The ING Group', 'UK service sector', 'weak economic data', 'European stocks', 'retail customers', 'business activity', 'UK market', 'BAE Systems', 'Credit Agricole', 'strong expansion', 'robust growth', 'service providers', 'Smiths Group', 'Ashtead Group', 'Aveva Group', 'PMI data', 'geopolitical front', 'latest batch', 'Federal Reserve', 'economic impact', 'ongoing war', 'alleged atrocities', 'Russian troops', '27-member EU', 'coal sectors', 'war crimes', 'other markets', 'Czech Republic', 'National Grid', 'United Utilities', 'Croda International', 'Severn Trent', 'Hargreaves Lansdown', 'Dechra Pharmaceuticals', 'British Land', 'home repairs', 'improvements business', 'good progress', 'prior year', 'Airtel Africa', 'Melrose Industries', 'Endeavour Mining', 'Barratt Developments', 'Rolls-Royce Holdings', 'German market', 'Deutsche Boerse', 'Deutsche Telekom', 'Infineon Technologies', 'Deutsche Post', 'French market', 'Pernod Ricard', ""L'Oreal"", 'Hermes International', 'Unibail Rodamco', 'modest gains', 'Societe Generale', 'French lender', 'BNP Paribas', 'Saint Gobain', 'economic releases', 'business confidence', 'record surge', 'ten months', 'pandemic restrictions', 'sharp rebound', 'customer demand', 'fastest pace', 'geopolitical uncertainty', 'substantial declines', 'mixed performance', 'rising inflation', 'looming sanctions', 'HomeServe shares', 'Supply services', 'marked contraction', 'services PMI', 'previous month', 'Tuesday', 'investors', 'updates', 'region', 'minutes', 'Worries', 'Concerns', 'Ukraine', 'sentiment', 'oil', 'FTSE 100', 'Germany', 'DAX', 'France', 'CAC', 'Switzerland', 'Belgium', 'Denmark', 'Finland', 'Portugal', 'Spain', 'Turkey', 'Austria', 'Ireland', 'Netherlands', 'Poland', 'Sweden', 'Greece', 'Iceland', 'Norway', 'GlaxoSmithKline', 'Segro', 'Glencore', 'Diageo', 'AstraZeneca', 'fiscal', 'acceleration', 'expectations', 'CRH', 'Ferguson', 'Kingfisher', 'HelloFresh', 'RWE', 'Symrise', 'Linde', 'Qiagen', 'Zalando', 'Continental', 'Siemens', 'HeidelbergCement', 'Henkel', 'BMW', 'BASF', 'Adidas', 'Volkswagen', 'Puma', 'Covestra', 'Sanofi', 'Danone', 'Faurecia', 'agreement', 'Boursorama', 'subsidiary', 'Renault', 'STMicroElectronics', 'Veolia', 'Airbus', 'Atos', 'Vinci', 'ArcelorMittal', 'rating', 'Eurozone', 'March', 'removal', 'return', 'offices', 'Procurement', 'February', 'reading', 'flash', 'score', 'May', 'manufacturers', 'views', 'opinions', 'author', 'Nasdaq', '1.']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,nasdaq.com
2285,Deutsche Boerse,Google API,https://www.marketwatch.com/story/nasdaq-inc-stock-rises-monday-still-underperforms-market-01649106545-293615b064e1,Nasdaq Inc. stock rises Monday  still underperforms market,23 hours ago,Shares of Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ  -0.18% inched 0.24% higher to $182.36 Monday  on what proved to be an all-around favorable trading session for the stock market  with the S&P 500 Index SPX  -1.26% rising 0.81% to 4 582.64 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA  -0.80% rising 0.30% to 34 921.88. This was the stock's second consecutive day of gains. Nasdaq Inc. closed $32.60 below its 52-week high ($214.96)  which the company reached on November 5th.The stock demonstrated a mixed performance when compared to some of its competitors Monday  as Hong Kong Exchanges & Clearing Ltd. ADR HKXCY  -1.35% rose 1.25% to $47.53  CME Group Inc. Cl A CME  +1.22% fell 2.18% to $234.59  and Deutsche Boerse AG ADR DBOEY  +2.13% fell 1.22% to $17.88. Trading volume (874 091) remained 48 905 below its 50-day average volume of 922 996.Editor's Note: This story was auto-generated by Automated Insights  an automation technology provider  using data from Dow Jones and FactSet. See our market data terms of use.,negative,0.03,0.4,0.56,negative,0.02,0.28,0.7,True,English,"['Nasdaq Inc. stock', 'market', 'CME Group Inc. Cl A CME', 'Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA', 'S&P 500 Index SPX', 'around favorable trading session', '50-day average volume', 'Nasdaq Inc. NDAQ', 'second consecutive day', 'Hong Kong Exchanges', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'automation technology provider', 'market data terms', 'Trading volume', 'November 5th', 'mixed performance', 'Clearing Ltd.', 'ADR HKXCY', 'ADR DBOEY', 'Automated Insights', 'stock market', 'Shares', 'Monday', 'gains', '52-week', 'company', 'competitors', 'Editor', 'Note', 'story', 'FactSet', 'use']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,marketwatch.com
2286,Deutsche Boerse,Bing API,https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/germany-stocks-mixed-at-close-of-trade-dax-down-065-2798431,Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX down 0.65% By Investing.com,Germany stocks were mixed after the close on Tuesday  as gains in the Retail  Food & Beverages and Telecoms sectors led shares higher while losses in the Technology  Industrials and Construction sectors led shares lower.,© Reuters. Germany stocks mixed at close of trade; DAX down 0.65%Investing.com – Germany stocks were mixed after the close on Tuesday  as gains in the   and sectors led shares higher while losses in the   and sectors led shares lower.At the close in Frankfurt  the declined 0.65%  while the index gained 0.03%  and the index climbed 0.17%.The best performers of the session on the were HelloFresh SE (DE: )  which rose 4.50% or 1.99 points to trade at 46.18 at the close. Meanwhile  Delivery Hero AG (DE: ) added 4.10% or 1.90 points to end at 48.19 and Deutsche Boerse AG (DE: ) was up 3.10% or 5.05 points to 168.20 in late trade.The worst performers of the session were MTU Aero Engines NA O.N. (DE: )  which fell 5.22% or 10.85 points to trade at 196.95 at the close. Daimler Truck Holding AG (DE: ) declined 5.06% or 1.27 points to end at 23.91 and Airbus Group SE (DE: ) was down 4.38% or 4.82 points to 105.26.The top performers on the MDAX were Sixt SE (DE: ) which rose 5.19% to 133.80  K&S AG (DE: ) which was up 3.72% to settle at 29.00 and Nemetschek AG O.N. (DE: ) which gained 2.25% to close at 92.56.The worst performers were Befesa SA (DE: ) which was down 6.36% to 67.70 in late trade  Jungheinrich AG O.N.VZO (DE: ) which lost 5.72% to settle at 24.74 and Duerr AG (DE: ) which was down 4.81% to 25.70 at the close.The top performers on the TecDAX were Nordex SE O.N. (DE: ) which rose 7.06% to 16.83  Nemetschek AG O.N. (DE: ) which was up 2.25% to settle at 92.56 and Telefonica Deutschland Holding AG (DE: ) which gained 2.21% to close at 2.59.The worst performers were Infineon Technologies AG NA O.N. (DE: ) which was down 4.21% to 29.25 in late trade  TeamViewer AG (DE: ) which lost 3.21% to settle at 13.43 and Siltronic AG (DE: ) which was down 2.14% to 91.50 at the close.Falling stocks outnumbered advancing ones on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange by 385 to 296 and 82 ended unchanged.Shares in Deutsche Boerse AG (DE: ) rose to 52-week highs; up 3.10% or 5.05 to 168.20. Shares in Jungheinrich AG O.N.VZO (DE: ) fell to 52-week lows; falling 5.72% or 1.50 to 24.74. Shares in Duerr AG (DE: ) fell to 52-week lows; falling 4.81% or 1.30 to 25.70.The   which measures the implied volatility of DAX options  was up 6.06% to 28.53.Gold Futures for June delivery was down 0.54% or 10.50 to $1 923.50 a troy ounce. Elsewhere in commodities trading  Crude oil for delivery in May rose 0.18% or 0.19 to hit $103.47 a barrel  while the June Brent oil contract rose 0.17% or 0.18 to trade at $107.71 a barrel.EUR/USD was down 0.48% to 1.09  while EUR/GBP unchanged 0.28% to 0.83.The US Dollar Index Futures was up 0.38% at 99.35.,neutral,0.02,0.83,0.15,mixed,0.09,0.16,0.75,True,English,"['Germany stocks', 'Investing.com', 'close', 'trade', 'DAX', 'MTU Aero Engines NA O.N.', 'The US Dollar Index Futures', 'Jungheinrich AG O.N.VZO', 'Nemetschek AG O.N.', 'Daimler Truck Holding AG', 'Telefonica Deutschland Holding AG', 'Nordex SE O.N.', 'June Brent oil contract', 'Deutsche Boerse AG', 'K&S AG', 'Infineon Technologies AG', 'Airbus Group SE', 'Delivery Hero AG', 'Frankfurt Stock Exchange', 'Gold Futures', 'Duerr AG', 'TeamViewer AG', 'Siltronic AG', 'June delivery', 'Crude oil', 'HelloFresh SE', 'Sixt SE', 'Germany stocks', 'best performers', 'worst performers', 'top performers', 'Befesa SA', 'Falling stocks', '52-week highs', '52-week lows', 'troy ounce', 'commodities trading', 'late trade', 'DAX options', 'Reuters', 'close', 'Tuesday', 'gains', 'sectors', 'shares', 'losses', 'session', '1.90 points', '10.85 points', 'MDAX', 'TecDAX', 'implied', 'volatility', 'May', 'EUR/USD', 'EUR/GBP', '©', '1.99', '4.', '5.05', '1.27']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,investing.com
2287,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,@fliceverett Bacon Man and Beast at the RA - lunch at José Pizarro's new restaurant. Deutsche Börse Prize at  Photo… https://t.co/XjXra1mN7e,nan,@fliceverett Bacon Man and Beast at the RA - lunch at José Pizarro's new restaurant. Deutsche Börse Prize at  Photo… https://t.co/XjXra1mN7e,neutral,0.08,0.87,0.05,neutral,0.08,0.87,0.05,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse Prize', 'fliceverett Bacon Man', 'José Pizarro', 'new restaurant', 'Beast', 'lunch', 'Photo', 'XjXra1mN7e', 'Deutsche Börse Prize', 'fliceverett Bacon Man', 'José Pizarro', 'new restaurant', 'Beast', 'lunch', 'Photo', 'XjXra1mN7e']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,Unknown
2288,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,Found most of the Deutsche Börse show at TPG quite dull but thank fuck for Deana Lawson’s surreal  sublime hologram… https://t.co/sCnyvlsWAP,nan,Found most of the Deutsche Börse show at TPG quite dull but thank fuck for Deana Lawson’s surreal  sublime hologram… https://t.co/sCnyvlsWAP,positive,0.79,0.01,0.2,positive,0.79,0.01,0.2,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse show', 'surreal, sublime hologram', 'Deana Lawson', 'TPG', 'sCnyvlsWAP', 'Deutsche Börse show', 'surreal, sublime hologram', 'Deana Lawson', 'TPG', 'sCnyvlsWAP']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,Unknown
2289,Deutsche Boerse,Twitter API,Twitter,For more information on the launch today of the new @vaneck_us  @vaneck_eu ETN for @algorand on the Deutsche Börse… https://t.co/UzwcSjEKGX,nan,For more information on the launch today of the new @vaneck_us  @vaneck_eu ETN for @algorand on the Deutsche Börse… https://t.co/UzwcSjEKGX,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['Deutsche Börse', 'new @vaneck_us', 'vaneck_eu ETN', 'information', 'launch', 'algorand', 'UzwcSjEKGX', 'Deutsche Börse', 'new @vaneck_us', 'vaneck_eu ETN', 'information', 'launch', 'algorand', 'UzwcSjEKGX']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,Unknown
2290,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/wolters-kluwer-names-maria-montenegro-133000424.html,Wolters Kluwer names Maria Montenegro SVP Strategy & Innovation,Wolters Kluwer names Maria Montenegro SVP Strategy & Innovation April 5  2022 — Wolters Kluwer (AEX: WKL)  a leading global provider of expert solutions...,"Wolters Kluwer names Maria Montenegro SVP Strategy & InnovationApril 5  2022 — Wolters Kluwer (AEX: WKL)  a leading global provider of expert solutions  insights and services for professionals  today announced the appointment of Maria Montenegro  Senior Vice President Strategy & Innovation. Ms. Montenegro will work closely with the Executive Board in developing strategies to successfully drive growth and transformation for the Dutch-based technology company.""We are very pleased that Maria has joined Wolters Kluwer in this role that is critical to our ongoing transformation and future success as an organization ” said Nancy McKinstry  Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Executive Board at Wolters Kluwer. “A passionate leader in growing organizations  Maria is perfectly positioned to drive innovation and advance our recently announced three-year company strategy  Elevate our Value.”Ms. Montenegro joins Wolters Kluwer from McKinsey  where she was most recently associate partner for the Life Sciences Digital Practice. Ms. Montenegro holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and a Bachelor of Science from Católica Lisbon School of Business and Economics in Portugal. In this role  Ms. Montenegro succeeds Atul Dubey who has been named SVP & General Manager  Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.“Wolters Kluwer has a long history of success  an exciting portfolio of expert solutions and services  and a culture of innovation ” says Ms. Montenegro. “I am excited to help support the next transformational phase of our company.”About Wolters KluwerWolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Story continuesWolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.Media ContactsErica Glass (US) Gerbert van Genderen Stort (Europe/Asia) Corporate Communications Corporate Communications Tel: (516) 238-2280 Tel: +31 172 64 1230 press@wolterskluwer.com press@wolterskluwer.comForward-looking Statements and Other Important Legal InformationThis report contains forward-looking statements. These statements may be identified by words such as “expect”  “should”  “could”  “shall” and similar expressions. Wolters Kluwer cautions that such forward-looking statements are qualified by certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from what is contemplated by the forward-looking statements. Factors which could cause actual results to differ from these forward-looking statements may include  without limitation: general economic conditions; conditions in the markets in which Wolters Kluwer is engaged; behavior of customers  suppliers  and competitors; technological developments; the implementation and execution of new ICT systems or outsourcing; and legal  tax  and regulatory rules affecting Wolters Kluwer’s businesses  as well as risks related to mergers  acquisitions  and divestments. In addition  financial risks such as currency movements  interest rate fluctuations  liquidity  and credit risks could influence future results. The foregoing list of factors should not be construed as exhaustive. Wolters Kluwer disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements  whether as a result of new information  future events or otherwise.Certain trademarks referenced are owned by Wolters Kluwer N.V. and its subsidiaries and may be registered in various countries.Attachment",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.33,0.3,0.36,True,English,"['Maria Montenegro SVP Strategy', 'Wolters Kluwer names', 'Innovation', 'Life Sciences Digital Practice', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'Gerbert van Genderen Stort', 'Corporate Communications Corporate Communications', 'Senior Vice President Strategy', 'Católica Lisbon School', 'Other Important Legal Information', 'Wolters Kluwer N.V.', 'Maria Montenegro SVP Strategy', 'next transformational phase', 'deep domain knowledge', 'interest rate fluctuations', 'three-year company strategy', 'leading global provider', 'Columbia Business School', 'new ICT systems', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Dutch-based technology company', 'general economic conditions', 'Wolters Kluwer names', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'new information', 'General Manager', 'global leader', 'specialized technology', 'Executive Board', 'Ms. Montenegro', 'professional information', 'expert solutions', 'Nancy McKinstry', 'passionate leader', 'growing organizations', 'associate partner', 'Atul Dubey', 'long history', 'exciting portfolio', 'software solutions', 'regulatory sectors', 'critical decisions', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'U.S.', 'Media Contacts', 'Erica Glass', 'similar expressions', 'actual results', 'technological developments', 'regulatory rules', 'currency movements', 'future results', 'foregoing list', 'Certain trademarks', 'Forward-looking Statements', 'ongoing transformation', 'future success', 'financial risks', 'credit risks', 'future events', 'various countries', '180 countries', '40 countries', 'Innovation', 'April', 'AEX', 'WKL', 'insights', 'services', 'professionals', 'appointment', 'strategies', 'growth', 'role', 'Chair', 'Value', 'McKinsey', 'MBA', 'Bachelor', 'Economics', 'Portugal', 'culture', 'healthcare', 'tax', 'accounting', 'governance', 'compliance', 'customers', 'group', 'operations', '19,800 people', 'Netherlands', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Europe', 'Asia', 'report', 'words', 'uncertainties', 'Factors', 'limitation', 'markets', 'behavior', 'suppliers', 'competitors', 'implementation', 'execution', 'outsourcing', 'businesses', 'mergers', 'acquisitions', 'divestments', 'addition', 'liquidity', 'intention', 'obligation', 'subsidiaries', 'Attachment', '31']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2291,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220404005556/en/Innate-Pharma-Files-Its-2021-Universal-Registration-Document-Document-d%E2%80%99enregistrement-universel-and-2021-Annual-Report-on-Form-20-F,Innate Pharma Files Its 2021 Universal Registration Document (Document d’enregistrement universel) and 2021 Annual Report on Form 20-F,MARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Innate Pharma files its 2021 universal registration document and 2021 annual report on Form 20-F,"MARSEILLE  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Regulatory News:Innate Pharma SA (Euronext Paris: IPH; Nasdaq: IPHA) (“Innate” or the “Company”) today announced the filing of its 2021 Universal Registration Document (Document d’enregistrement universel) for the year ending December 31  2021 with the French market authority “Autorité des Marchés Financiers” (“AMF”) on April 4  2022. It can be downloaded (in French) on the Company’s website and on the AMF’s website.The Company also announced today the filing of its annual report on Form 20-F for the year ending December 31  2021 with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). It can be also be accessed on the Company’s website and on the SEC’s website.About Innate Pharma:Innate Pharma S.A. is a global  clinical-stage oncology-focused biotech company dedicated to improving treatment and clinical outcomes for patients through therapeutic antibodies that harness the immune system to fight cancer.Innate Pharma’s broad pipeline of antibodies includes several potentially first-in-class clinical and preclinical candidates in cancers with high unmet medical need.Innate is a pioneer in the understanding of natural killer cell biology and has expanded its expertise in the tumor microenvironment and tumor-antigens  as well as antibody engineering. This innovative approach has resulted in a diversified proprietary portfolio and major alliances with leaders in the biopharmaceutical industry including Bristol-Myers Squibb  Novo Nordisk A/S  Sanofi  and a multi-products collaboration with AstraZeneca.Headquartered in Marseille  France  with a US office in Rockville  MD  Innate Pharma is listed on Euronext Paris and Nasdaq in the US.Learn more about Innate Pharma at www.innate-pharma.com.Information about Innate Pharma shares:ISIN code Ticker code LEI FR0010331421 Euronext: IPH Nasdaq: IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29Disclaimer on forward-looking information and risk factors:This press release contains certain forward-looking statements  including those within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The use of certain words  including “believe ” “potential ” “expect” and “will” and similar expressions  is intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the company believes its expectations are based on reasonable assumptions  these forward-looking statements are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties  which could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. These risks and uncertainties include  among other things  the uncertainties inherent in research and development  including related to safety  progression of and results from its ongoing and planned clinical trials and preclinical studies  review and approvals by regulatory authorities of its product candidates  the Company’s commercialization efforts  the Company’s continued ability to raise capital to fund its development and the overall impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the global healthcare system as well as the Company’s business  financial condition and results of operations. For an additional discussion of risks and uncertainties which could cause the company's actual results  financial condition  performance or achievements to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements  please refer to the Risk Factors (“Facteurs de Risque"") section of the Universal Registration Document filed with the French Financial Markets Authority (“AMF”)  which is available on the AMF website http://www.amf-france.org or on Innate Pharma’s website  and public filings and reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)  including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F for the year ended December 31  2021  and subsequent filings and reports filed with the AMF or SEC  or otherwise made public  by the Company.This press release and the information contained herein do not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe to shares in Innate Pharma in any country.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,negative,0.03,0.21,0.76,True,English,"['2021 Universal Registration Document', 'Innate Pharma', 'enregistrement universel', '2021 Annual Report', 'Form', 'ISIN code Ticker code LEI', 'Autorité des Marchés Financiers', 'Private Securities Litigation Reform Act', 'global, clinical-stage oncology-focused biotech company', 'high unmet medical need', 'natural killer cell biology', 'French Financial Markets Authority', 'Innate Pharma S.A.', 'U.S. Securities', 'United States Securities', 'global healthcare system', 'French market authority', 'diversified proprietary portfolio', 'Novo Nordisk A/S', 'Facteurs de Risque', '2021 Universal Registration Document', 'Innate Pharma SA', 'Innate Pharma shares', 'financial condition', 'immune system', 'Regulatory News', 'enregistrement universel', 'annual report', 'Exchange Commission', 'clinical outcomes', 'broad pipeline', 'class clinical', 'preclinical candidates', 'tumor microenvironment', 'antibody engineering', 'innovative approach', 'major alliances', 'biopharmaceutical industry', 'Bristol-Myers Squibb', 'multi-products collaboration', 'risk factors', 'press release', 'forward-looking statements', 'similar expressions', 'reasonable assumptions', 'other things', 'clinical trials', 'preclinical studies', 'regulatory authorities', 'product candidates', 'commercialization efforts', 'overall impact', 'COVID-19 outbreak', 'additional discussion', 'public filings', 'subsequent filings', 'Euronext Paris', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'Form 20-F', 'therapeutic antibodies', 'US office', 'IPHA 9695002Y8420ZB8HJE29', 'actual results', 'The Company', 'forward-looking information', 'numerous risks', 'IPH Nasdaq', 'AMF website', 'MARSEILLE', 'France', 'year', 'December', 'April', 'treatment', 'patients', 'cancer', 'several', 'pioneer', 'understanding', 'expertise', 'tumor-antigens', 'leaders', 'Sanofi', 'AstraZeneca', 'Rockville', 'MD', 'innate-pharma', 'Disclaimer', 'meaning', 'words', 'believe', 'will', 'expectations', 'uncertainties', 'research', 'development', 'safety', 'progression', 'ongoing', 'review', 'approvals', 'ability', 'capital', 'operations', 'performance', 'achievements', 'section', 'org', 'reports', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'country']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,businesswire.com
2292,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/van-lanschot-kempen-share-buy-063000154.html,Van Lanschot Kempen: update on share buy-back programme 29 March 2022 – 4 April 2022,Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  5 April 2022 In the period from 29 March 2022 until 4 April 2022 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 22 264 of...,Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.Amsterdam/’s-Hertogenbosch  the Netherlands  5 April 2022In the period from 29 March 2022 until 4 April 2022 Van Lanschot Kempen has repurchased 22 264 of its own shares (depositary receipts for Class A ordinary shares). The shares were repurchased at an average price of €24.44 per share for a total amount of €544 067.These repurchases are part of the share buy-back programme for at most 600 000 of own shares  which was announced on 24 February 2022. The total number of shares repurchased to date is 166 938.More information  including a detailed overview of the repurchase transactions under this programme  is available on www.vanlanschotkempen.com/sharebuyback.Media Relations: +31 20 354 45 85; mediarelations@vanlanschotkempen.comInvestor Relations: +31 20 354 45 90; investorrelations@vanlanschotkempen.comAbout Van Lanschot KempenVan Lanschot Kempen  a wealth manager active in Private Banking  Investment Management and Investment Banking  with the aim of preserving and creating wealth  in a sustainable way  for both its clients and the society of which it is part. As a sustainable wealth manager with a long-term focus  Van Lanschot Kempen proactively seeks to prevent negative impact for all stakeholders and to create positive long-term financial and non-financial value. Listed at Euronext Amsterdam  Van Lanschot Kempen is the Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company  with a history dating back to 1737. To fully leverage the potential of the Van Lanschot Kempen organisation for its clients  it provides solutions that build on the knowledge and expertise across its entire group and on its open architecture platform. Van Lanschot Kempen is convinced that it is able to meet the needs of its clients in a sustainable way by offering them access to the full range of its products and services across all its businesses.For more information  please visit vanlanschotkempen.comDisclaimerThis press release does not constitute an offer or solicitation for the sale  purchase or acquisition in any other way or subscription to any financial instrument and is not a recommendation to perform or refrain from performing any action.Story continuesThis press release is a translation of the Dutch language original and is provided as a courtesy only. In the event of any disparities  the Dutch language version will prevail. No rights can be derived from any translation thereof.Attachment,neutral,0.01,0.95,0.03,mixed,0.3,0.36,0.34,True,English,"['Van Lanschot Kempen', 'share buy-back programme', 'update', 'March', '4 April', 'Van Lanschot Kempen Wealth Management N.V.', 'Netherlands’ oldest independent financial services company', 'Van Lanschot Kempen organisation', 'Class A ordinary shares', 'positive long-term financial', 'open architecture platform', 'Dutch language original', 'Dutch language version', 'sustainable wealth manager', 'share buy-back programme', 'Investment Management', 'financial instrument', 'long-term focus', 'sustainable way', 'depositary receipts', 'average price', 'total amount', 'total number', 'detailed overview', 'repurchase transactions', 'Media Relations', 'Investor Relations', 'Private Banking', 'Investment Banking', 'negative impact', 'non-financial value', 'entire group', 'full range', 'press release', 'other way', 'More information', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Hertogenbosch', '5 April', 'period', '29 March', '4 April', 'repurchases', 'part', '24 February', 'date', 'vanlanschotkempen', 'sharebuyback', 'mediarelations', 'investorrelations', 'aim', 'clients', 'society', 'stakeholders', 'history', 'potential', 'solutions', 'knowledge', 'expertise', 'needs', 'access', 'products', 'businesses', 'offer', 'solicitation', 'sale', 'acquisition', 'subscription', 'recommendation', 'translation', 'courtesy', 'event', 'disparities', 'rights', 'Attachment']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2293,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/stellantis-demonstrates-strong-performance-across-120100621.html,Stellantis Demonstrates Strong Performance Across Key Metrics in First Corporate Social Responsibility Report,Stellantis Demonstrates Strong Performance Across Key Metrics in First Corporate Social Responsibility Report Report outlines long-term CSR roadmap aimed at ...,"STELLANTIS N.VStellantis Demonstrates Strong Performance Across Key Metrics in First Corporate Social Responsibility ReportReport outlines long-term CSR roadmap aimed at adding value for all stakeholders and reducing the impact on the plan e tRoadmap supports ambitious goal to reach carbon net zero by 2038AMSTERDAM  April 5  2022 – Just one year after the Company was formed  Stellantis published today its first Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) report   detailing its strong performance across key metrics in 2021  as well as outlining its detailed sustainability roadmap including the commitment to reach industry-leading carbon net zero emissions by 2038.With action and progress at its core  the report highlights Stellantis’ advancement to create and share value with its employees  customers  business partners  the communities in which it operates and other stakeholders.""Running a business responsibly is key to our long-term sustainability. The execution of our Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan  achieving carbon net zero throughout our entire value chain by 2038  gives Stellantis a leadership role in decarbonizing the industry ” said Carlos Tavares  Stellantis CEO. “Our approach to corporate social responsibility frames our decisions to bring added value for people  the planet  and Stellantis.”The report explores six primary areas of focus  all supporting the vision set out through the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals :Bringing a tangible impact on climate changeDriving the Company transformation through the development of human capitalMeeting changing customer expectations on mobilityPreventing ethics violations by promoting an ethical culturePromoting protection and implementing responsible use of natural resourcesEnsuring protection of human rights and supporting a balanced economic development of territoriesFocused on material risks and opportunities  grounded on science-based evidence and audited by independent third party  the report explains how Stellantis is developing the diversity and talent of its people  actively promoting the respect for human rights across its global supply chain  while addressing environmental challenges on its journey. Also detailed within the report is how the Company is supporting short  medium and long-term climate-related objectives on industrial sites and across its real estate  vehicles and supply base.Story continues# # #About StellantisStellantis N.V. (NYSE / MTA / Euronext Paris: STLA) is one of the world’s leading automakers and a mobility provider. Its storied and iconic brands embody the passion of their visionary founders and today’s customers in their innovative products and services  including Abarth  Alfa Romeo  Chrysler  Citroën  Dodge  DS Automobiles  Fiat  Jeep ®   Lancia  Maserati  Opel  Peugeot  Ram  Vauxhall  Free2move and Leasys. Powered by our diversity  we lead the way the world moves – aspiring to become the greatest sustainable mobility tech company  not the biggest  while creating added value for all stakeholders as well as the communities in which it operates. For more information  visit www.stellantis.com.@Stellantis Stellantis Stellantis StellantisFor more information  contact:Fernão SILVEIRA +31 6 43 25 43 41 – fernao.silveira@stellantis.comValérie GILLOT +33 6 83 92 92 96 – valerie.gillot@stellantis.com Nathalie ROUSSEL + 33 6 87 77 41 82 – nathalie.roussel@stellantis.comcommunications@stellantis.comwww.stellantis.comAttachment",neutral,0.16,0.79,0.05,positive,0.51,0.4,0.09,True,English,"['First Corporate Social Responsibility Report', 'Strong Performance', 'Key Metrics', 'Stellantis', 'First Corporate Social Responsibility Report Report', 'United Nations Sustainable Development Goals', 'industry-leading carbon net zero emissions', 'greatest sustainable mobility tech company', 'Dare Forward 2030 strategic plan', 'six primary areas', 'balanced economic development', 'independent third party', 'long-term climate-related objectives', 'global supply chain', 'Fernão SILVEIRA', 'Valérie GILLOT', 'detailed sustainability roadmap', 'entire value chain', 'long-term CSR roadmap', 'STELLANTIS N.V', 'long-term sustainability', 'CSR) report', 'mobility provider', 'Citroën', 'supply base', 'Company transformation', 'Strong Performance', 'Key Metrics', 'ambitious goal', 'leadership role', 'Carlos Tavares', 'climate change', 'human capital', 'customer expectations', 'ethics violations', 'ethical culture', 'responsible use', 'natural resources', 'human rights', 'material risks', 'science-based evidence', 'environmental challenges', 'short, medium', 'industrial sites', 'real estate', 'Euronext Paris', 'leading automakers', 'iconic brands', 'visionary founders', 'innovative products', 'Alfa Romeo', 'DS Automobiles', 'Stellantis’ advancement', 'business partners', 'Stellantis CEO', 'tangible impact', 'other stakeholders', 'added value', 'Stellantis Stellantis', 'Nathalie ROUSSEL', 'AMSTERDAM', 'April', 'commitment', 'action', 'progress', 'core', 'employees', 'customers', 'communities', 'execution', 'approach', 'decisions', 'people', 'planet', 'focus', 'changing', 'protection', 'territories', 'opportunities', 'diversity', 'talent', 'respect', 'journey', 'vehicles', 'Story', 'NYSE', 'MTA', 'STLA', 'world', 'storied', 'passion', 'services', 'Abarth', 'Chrysler', 'Dodge', 'Fiat', 'Jeep', 'Lancia', 'Maserati', 'Opel', 'Peugeot', 'Ram', 'Vauxhall', 'Free2move', 'Leasys', 'way', 'information', 'fernao', 'valerie', 'Attachment']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2294,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ige-xastatement-regarding-total-number-100000261.html,IGE+XAStatement regarding the total number of shares and voting rights composing the registered capital on 31 March 2022,IGE+XAO Société Anonyme with capital of 5 021 866.85 euros Head office : 16 Boulevard Déodat de Séverac 31770 COLOMIERS 338 514 987 RCS Toulouse SIRET: 338...,"IGE+XAOIGE+XAOSociété Anonyme with capital of 5 021 866.85 eurosHead office : 16 Boulevard Déodat de Séverac31770 COLOMIERS338 514 987 RCS ToulouseSIRET: 338 514 987 000 76 – VAT number: FR 783.385.149.87Regulated informationStatement regarding the total number of shares and voting rights composing the registered capital on 31 March 2022In accordance with the article L.233-8 II of the French Commercial Code and with the article 223-16 of the French Financial Market Authority (AMF) General Rule.Toulouse  on 5 April 2022Total number of shares composing the registered capital: 1 304 381Total number of voting rights:Gross (1): 2 256 569Net (2): 2 252 135(1) In conformity with the article 223-11 of the AMF General Rule  the total number of voting rights is calculated on the basis of the whole shares composing the registered capital.(2) The net total number of voting rights is calculated on the basis of the whole shares composing the registered capital after deduction of the shares without voting right (in particular treasury shares).The following threshold crossing statutory obligation is added to the legal thresholds: ‘Any natural person or legal entity  acting alone or jointly  according to the article L.233-9 of the French Commercial Code  who would hold  directly or indirectly  a number of shares or voting rights representing 0.5% or more of the capital or of the company voting rights  will have to notify to the company by registered letter sent to the head office the total number of shares or voting rights he holds  by the latest before the close of trading of the fourth day following the day the threshold is exceeded. This person will also have to notify the Company  in his declaration of threshold crossing  details mentioned in 3rd subparagraph of article L.233-7 I of the French Commercial Code.This declaration must be renewed within the abovementioned conditions  each time a new 0.5% threshold is reached or crossed  whether up or down  whatever the reason until the 5% threshold laid down in article L.233-7 of the French Commercial Code. From the abovementioned 5% threshold crossing  a declaration must be made within the same conditions as those mentioned before  each time a new 0.5% threshold is reached or crossed  whether up or down  whatever the reason.’Story continuesAbout the IGE+XAO GroupFor over 35 years  the IGE+XAO Group has been a software publisher designing  producing  selling and supporting a range of Computer Aided Design (CAD)  Product Lifecycle Management (PLM) and Simulation software dedicated to Electrical Engineering. These software products have been designed to help companies in the design and maintenance of the electrical part of any type of installation. This type of CAD/PLM/Simulation is called ""Electrical CAD/PLM/Simulation"". IGE+XAO employs 389 people around the world in 30 sites and in 22 countries  and has more than 98 649 licenses distributed around the world. IGE+XAO is a reference in its field. For more information: http://www.ige-xao.com . Follow us on Twitter @igexao_corpo.IGE+XAO Group contactsIGE+XAO Group  16 boulevard Déodat de Séverac – CS 90 312 – 31 773 COLOMIERS CEDEXPhone: +33 (0)5 62 74 36 36 – Fax: +33 (0)5 62 74 36 37Website: www.ige-xao.comListed on Euronext Paris – Compartment B – Index CAC All shares® – ISIN FR 0000030827Analysts/Investors: Alain Di Crescenzo (Chairman of the Group) +33 (0)5 62 74 36 36Press Contact: Rozenn Nerrand-Destouches: +33 (0)5 62 74 36 02Attachment",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.56,0.36,0.08,True,English,"['total number', 'voting rights', 'IGE+XAStatement', 'shares', 'capital', '31 March', 'French Financial Market Authority', '16 boulevard Déodat de', 'IGE+XAO Société Anonyme', 'French Commercial Code', 'Product Lifecycle Management', 'Alain Di Crescenzo', 'Computer Aided Design', 'AMF General Rule', 'IGE+XAO Group contacts', 'net total number', 'Head office', 'Séverac', 'VAT number', 'voting rights', 'statutory obligation', 'legal thresholds', 'legal entity', '3rd subparagraph', 'software publisher', 'Simulation software', 'Electrical Engineering', 'software products', 'electrical part', 'Euronext Paris', 'Compartment B', 'Index CAC', 'Press Contact', 'Rozenn Nerrand-Destouches', 'following threshold', 'threshold crossing', 'new 0.5% threshold', 'RCS Toulouse', 'Regulated information', 'natural person', 'fourth day', 'same conditions', 'COLOMIERS CEDEX', 'article L.', 'registered capital', 'treasury shares', '31770 COLOMIERS', 'SIRET', 'Statement', '31 March', 'accordance', '5 April', 'Gross', 'conformity', 'basis', 'deduction', 'particular', 'company', 'letter', 'close', 'trading', 'declaration', 'details', 'reason', 'Story', '35 years', 'range', 'CAD', 'PLM', 'companies', 'maintenance', 'type', 'installation', '389 people', 'world', '30 sites', '22 countries', '98,649 licenses', 'reference', 'field', 'ige-xao', 'Twitter', 'igexao_corpo', 'Phone', 'Fax', 'Website', 'ISIN', 'Investors', 'Chairman', 'Attachment', '5,021,866.85']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2295,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/independent-health-selects-atos-deliver-140200067.html,Independent Health selects Atos to deliver digital operations and cybersecurity solutions,Atos today announces a 5-year contract to deliver managed services for digital operations  applications and cybersecurity for Independent Health (IH)  a...,"IRVING  Texas  April 5  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Atos today announces a 5-year contract to deliver managed services for digital operations  applications and cybersecurity for Independent Health (IH)  a leading healthcare insurance organization with more than 330 000 members across Western New York.Atos Logo. (PRNewsFoto/Atos) (PRNewsfoto/Atos)Atos' operational solutions will leverage infrastructure and digital platforms to optimize operating costs and generate efficiencies across the business landscape. For example  Atos' solutions will further the business model to help enable improvements for care management programs like Independent Health's Care for You program and customer service initiatives that provide integrated care and member engagement models in supporting customers  physicians and providers alike.In addition  Atos will transform and evolve Independent Health's enterprise applications portfolio to be agile  mobile and rooted in analytics  across its private infrastructure. The application modernization will increase business flexibility by opening and extending legacy applications to new services and platforms  while fully protecting business risk and the data capital.Atos will also provide Independent Health with identity and access management (IAM) services for business users to securely and conveniently access information  devices and applications. Atos will protect access to resources and data using strong authentication and risk-based adaptive access policies without compromising user experience and productivity.""We are delighted to partner with Independent Health to transform its digital operations to achieve greater flexibility to both respond to challenges and drive innovation. We align closely with their vision of securely steering a future-forward environment that thrives on smart integration of core business processes and agile applications "" said Jerry Mathews  Senior Vice President  Head of Healthcare and Life Sciences  Atos Americas.Story continues""Atos has been a trusted partner in our transformation journey for seven years. This new edition to our plan further infuses our business efficiencies with consolidated technology operations and helps us comply with digital service management standards – all as a strategy to focus on our vision of bringing quality and affordable healthcare services to our customers "" said Joshua Zalen  Vice President of IT Service Operations  Independent Health.Independent Health is nationally recognized for its benchmark quality and customer service. Most recently  Independent Health was named a 5-Star Rated Medicare Advantage Plan for 2022 by The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). Independent Health is one of only seven health plans in the nation with multiple Medicare Advantage contracts to be awarded 5 stars for its entire 2022 Medicare Advantage product portfolio.To learn more about how Atos is transforming the digital future of healthcare  visit Digital Healthcare Solutions | Life Sciences Digital Transformation – Atos.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 109 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 71 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is an SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris and included in the CAC 40 ESG and Next 20 indexes.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.CisionView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/independent-health-selects-atos-to-deliver-digital-operations-and-cybersecurity-solutions-301517949.htmlSOURCE Atos",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.68,0.28,0.04,True,English,"['Independent Health', 'digital operations', 'cybersecurity solutions', 'Atos', 'entire 2022 Medicare Advantage product portfolio', 'multiple Medicare Advantage contracts', 'leading healthcare insurance organization', 'risk-based adaptive access policies', 'digital service management standards', 'Life Sciences Digital Transformation', 'Rated Medicare Advantage', 'member engagement models', 'high performance computing', 'enterprise applications portfolio', 'customer service initiatives', 'consolidated technology operations', 'IT Service Operations', 'Western New York', 'core business processes', 'care management programs', 'Senior Vice President', 'seven health plans', 'Digital Healthcare Solutions', 'affordable healthcare services', ""Atos' operational solutions"", 'secure information space', 'access management', 'digital operations', 'transformation journey', 'decarbonized digital', 'seven years', 'end solutions', 'new edition', 'new services', 'business landscape', 'business model', 'business flexibility', 'business risk', 'business users', 'Independent Health', 'digital platforms', 'digital future', '5-year contract', 'operating costs', 'integrated care', 'application modernization', 'strong authentication', 'user experience', 'greater flexibility', 'future-forward environment', 'Jerry Mathews', 'trusted partner', 'Joshua Zalen', 'The Centers', 'global leader', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'Societas Europaea', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'Next 20 indexes', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'original content', 'managed services', 'Medicaid Services', 'decarbonization services', ""Atos' solutions"", 'legacy applications', 'agile applications', 'business efficiencies', 'private infrastructure', 'data capital', 'benchmark quality', 'Atos Logo', 'Atos Americas', 'SOURCE Atos', 'Atos.', 'IRVING', 'Texas', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'cybersecurity', 'IH', '330,000 members', 'PRNewsFoto', 'example', 'improvements', 'customers', 'physicians', 'providers', 'addition', 'analytics', 'identity', 'IAM', 'devices', 'resources', 'productivity', 'challenges', 'innovation', 'vision', 'smart', 'integration', 'Head', 'Story', 'strategy', 'CMS', 'nation', '5 stars', '109,000 employees', 'cloud', 'Group', 'tailored', 'industries', '71 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'societies', 'large', 'safe', 'Cision', 'multimedia', 'news-releases', 'independent-health-selects', 'digital-operations']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2296,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.channelnewsasia.com/business/medesis-shares-leap-75-funding-request-drugs-against-nuclear-threat-2608896,Medesis shares leap 75% on funding request for drugs against nuclear threat,French biotech company Medesis Pharma has requested defence funding to speed up the development of three drugs to treat nuclear contamination  it said on Tuesday (Apr 5)  sending its shares up by as much as 75 per cent in early trading.The surge in Medesi…,"French biotech company Medesis Pharma has requested defence funding to speed up the development of three drugs to treat nuclear contamination  it said on Tuesday (Apr 5)  sending its shares up by as much as 75 per cent in early trading.The surge in Medesis shares  which were up 53 per cent at 10.50am GMT (6.50pm Singapore time)  triggered multiple trading halts from Euronext.Medesis said it had requested funding from France's Defence Innovation Agency for three drugs ""specifically intended for the treatment of large populations contaminated or irradiated after a civil or military nuclear accident"". The request comes as Russia's invasion of Ukraine has spurred widespread concerns over a possible nuclear attack.Medesis did not say how much funding would be required  but gave itself 12 to 18 month deadlines for product registration and manufacturing  subject to demands from public authorities.""To date  there is no suitable treatment for a serious nuclear accident "" it said in a statement.The company said its products were relevant to the war in Ukraine as well as to European plans to boost nuclear generation as countries seek to reduce reliance on Russian energy and secure carbon-free electricity.A nuclear explosion would generate a fireball and destructive shock blast  burns from light and heat radiation  and radioactive pollution that can be carried by winds across great distances and cause long-term cancers  it said.EXTREME SITUATION""The world has realised  with the tragic events in Ukraine and notably the bombing near a power station  that the nuclear threat is still very much alive "" said Invest Securities' deputy managing director Pascal Hadjedj.After health providers worldwide were left with inadequate resources to face the coronavirus pandemic  the brokerage said it was key to prepare stocks to avoid an ""extreme situation"".Rx Securities' managing director Samir Devani added that Medesis' treatments could be developed rapidly and result in stockpile orders.Sources told Reuters last week the European Union had agreed to stockpile equipment and medicine to protect against nuclear incidents.Medesis' drug programmes seek to treat plutonium and caesium contamination  and prevent and treat respiratory and digestive inflammation caused by radiation.They include a synthesised version of Prussian Blue which could be taken orally and stored at room temperature  and caesium medication that would be suitable for children.French President Emmanuel Macron  who is running for re-election this month  has announced plans for six new nuclear reactors and studies for a further eight.",neutral,0.04,0.74,0.21,negative,0.02,0.12,0.86,True,English,"['funding request', 'nuclear threat', 'Medesis', 'drugs', 'deputy managing director Pascal Hadjedj', ""Rx Securities' managing director"", 'French President Emmanuel Macron', 'six new nuclear reactors', '12 to 18 month deadlines', 'destructive shock blast', 'French biotech company', 'multiple trading halts', 'Defence Innovation Agency', 'possible nuclear attack', 'serious nuclear accident', ""Medesis' drug programmes"", 'Invest Securities', 'early trading', 'nuclear contamination', 'nuclear generation', 'nuclear explosion', 'nuclear threat', 'nuclear incidents', 'three drugs', '75 per cent', '10.50am GMT', 'large populations', 'widespread concerns', 'product registration', 'public authorities', 'Russian energy', 'carbon-free electricity', 'radioactive pollution', 'great distances', 'long-term cancers', 'EXTREME SITUATION', 'tragic events', 'power station', 'health providers', 'inadequate resources', 'coronavirus pandemic', 'Samir Devani', 'stockpile orders', 'European Union', 'caesium contamination', 'digestive inflammation', 'Prussian Blue', 'room temperature', 'caesium medication', 'Medesis Pharma', 'defence funding', ""Medesis' treatments"", 'suitable treatment', 'European plans', 'heat radiation', 'Medesis shares', 'development', 'Tuesday', 'Apr', 'surge', 'Euronext', 'France', 'civil', 'military', 'request', 'invasion', 'Ukraine', 'manufacturing', 'demands', 'date', 'statement', 'products', 'war', 'countries', 'reliance', 'fireball', 'burns', 'light', 'winds', 'world', 'bombing', 'brokerage', 'stocks', 'Reuters', 'equipment', 'medicine', 'plutonium', 'respiratory', 'synthesised', 'version', 'children', 'election', 'studies', '53']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,channelnewsasia.com
2297,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220405005113/en/Thales-Launches-Its-Sixth-Cyber-Security-Operations-Center-in-Morocco-to-Serve-the-African-Continent,Thales Launches Its Sixth Cyber Security Operations Center in Morocco to Serve the African Continent,PARIS LA DÉFENSE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Thales is opening a new Cyber Security Operations Center (SOC) in Morocco  the sixth in its international network. This center will provide real-time protection against cyber-attacks in the country and across the African con…,"PARIS LA DÉFENSE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Thales is opening a new Cyber Security Operations Center (SOC) in Morocco  the sixth in its international network. This center will provide real-time protection against cyber-attacks in the country and across the African continent as a whole.The digital transformation of African societies  as illustrated by the extensive use of mobile payments across the continent  and the rise in teleworking due to the health crisis  have had a major impact on Africa's vulnerability to cyber-attacks. While businesses  administrations and individuals are becoming increasingly connected  this trend must be accompanied by an increase in the level of protection in order to tackle the multiplication and sophistication of attacks. Outside the financial sector  all sectors are affected  including the most important ones  such as government services but also water distribution  energy and telecommunications.Furthermore  a new legal framework is driving African businesses to equip themselves with a means of supervision in the field of cybersecurity. Thales  which is already present in Morocco  is thus strengthening its cyber expertise on the continent.The SOCs combine 24/7 threat detection and analysis capabilities and deliver responses in compliance with the country's cybersecurity infrastructure and policies. There are six SOCs located in Canada  France  Hong Kong  the Netherlands  the United Kingdom and now Morocco  and they currently form an international network operating according to the ""follow the sun"" model which offers continuous support to more than a hundred clients around the world  with an unequaled level of responsiveness and flexibility.""Thales is proud to be able to strengthen its expertise and know-how in the field of cybersecurity in Morocco. The launch of this SOC demonstrates the Group's aspirations to support the development of security facilities in Africa  while closely matching its customers' needs. As well as our analysis capacities  we offer businesses access to a hybrid consultancy and monitoring solution for their activity  thus demonstrating our commitment to fostering skills and autonomy over the long term""  Hicham Alj  Managing Director of Thales Morocco.Thales offers its customers more than 20 years' expertise in the field of cybersecurity  in particular SOC solutions  combined with an extensive portfolio of solutions: cyber auditing and consulting  integration of cybersecurity solutions developed by Thales as well as solutions from leading publishers  and simulation of Penetration Testing and Red Teaming attacks.In Africa  the Group supports its customers in ensuring compliance with regulations and technical processes  assessing cyber risks and their level of maturity  investigating and anticipating cyber crises and neutralizing complex attacks.About ThalesThales (Euronext Paris: HO) is a global leader in advanced technologies  investing in digital and “deep tech” innovations – connectivity  big data  artificial intelligence  cybersecurity and quantum technologies – to build a confident future crucial for the development of our societies. The Group provides its customers – businesses  organizations and governments – in the defense  aeronautics  space  transport  and digital identity and security domains with solutions which help them fulfill their critical role  with the individual being the driving force behind all decisions.Thales has 81 000 employees in 68 countries. In 2021  the Group posted a turnover of EUR 16.2 billion.VISITThales GroupCybersecurity Operational Center | Thales GroupThe original source-language text of this announcement is the official  authoritative version. Translations are provided as an accommodation only  and should be cross-referenced with the source-language text  which is the only version of the text intended to have legal effect.",neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,mixed,0.26,0.18,0.56,True,English,"['Sixth Cyber Security Operations Center', 'African Continent', 'Thales', 'Morocco', 'new Cyber Security Operations Center', 'PARIS LA DÉFENSE', 'new legal framework', '24/7 threat detection', 'a hundred clients', 'deep tech” innovations', 'Red Teaming attacks', 'official, authoritative version', 'Cybersecurity Operational Center', 'original source-language text', 'security facilities', 'Euronext Paris', 'security domains', 'cyber auditing', 'cyber risks', 'cyber crises', 'legal effect', 'cyber expertise', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'international network', 'extensive use', 'mobile payments', 'health crisis', 'major impact', 'financial sector', 'government services', 'water distribution', 'The SOCs', 'analysis capabilities', 'six SOCs', 'Hong Kong', 'United Kingdom', 'sun"" model', 'continuous support', 'analysis capacities', 'hybrid consultancy', 'monitoring solution', 'long term', 'Hicham Alj', 'Managing Director', 'extensive portfolio', 'leading publishers', 'Penetration Testing', 'technical processes', 'complex attacks', 'global leader', 'advanced technologies', 'big data', 'artificial intelligence', 'quantum technologies', 'confident future', 'critical role', 'driving force', 'digital transformation', ""20 years' expertise"", 'digital identity', 'cybersecurity infrastructure', 'real-time protection', 'African societies', 'The Group', 'African continent', 'unequaled level', 'African businesses', ""customers' needs"", 'cybersecurity solutions', 'Thales Group', 'SOC solutions', 'Thales Morocco', 'cyber-attacks', 'country', 'teleworking', 'vulnerability', 'administrations', 'individuals', 'trend', 'increase', 'order', 'multiplication', 'sophistication', 'sectors', 'important', 'energy', 'telecommunications', 'means', 'supervision', 'field', 'responses', 'compliance', 'policies', 'Canada', 'France', 'Netherlands', 'world', 'responsiveness', 'flexibility', 'know-how', 'launch', 'aspirations', 'development', 'access', 'activity', 'commitment', 'skills', 'autonomy', 'consulting', 'integration', 'simulation', 'regulations', 'maturity', 'connectivity', 'organizations', 'governments', 'defense', 'aeronautics', 'space', 'transport', 'decisions', '81,000 employees', '68 countries', 'turnover', 'VISIT', 'announcement', 'Translations', 'accommodation']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,businesswire.com
2298,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220405005607/en/Vetoquinol-launches-Felpreva%C2%AE-a-New-Three-Monthly-Feline-Spot-on-Parasiticide,Vetoquinol launches Felpreva®  a New Three-Monthly Feline Spot-on Parasiticide,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Vetoquinol (Paris: VETO) is delighted to announce that Felpreva® is now available for veterinarians to prescribe in five European markets including France  Germany  United Kingdom  Austria and Italy. Felpreva® is an innovation in compa…,PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Vetoquinol (Paris: VETO) is delighted to announce that Felpreva® is now available for veterinarians to prescribe in five European markets including France  Germany  United Kingdom  Austria and Italy.Felpreva® is an innovation in companion animal parasitology. It is the first three-monthly spot-on parasiticide for cats that covers tapeworms in addition to other endoparasites (lungworms  roundworms and hookworm) and ectoparasites (fleas  ticks and mites) in a single dose. It is licensed for treatment of cats with  or at risk from  mixed parasitic infestations/infections.1Felpreva®’s broad-spectrum active ingredients cover:Endoparasites:- Gastrointestinal roundworms: infection with Toxocara cati  Toxascaris leonina and Ancylostoma tubaeforme- Lungworms: infection with Aelurostrongylus abstrusus and Troglostrongylus brevior- Tapeworms: infection with Dipylidium caninum and Taenia taeniaeformisEctoparasites:- Flea (Ctenocephalides felis)  tick (Ixodes ricinus  Ixodes holocyclus) and mite (Otodectes cynotis) infestations  as well as mild to moderate cases of notoedric mange (caused by Notoedres cati). It can also form part of a treatment strategy for flea allergic dermatitis (FAD).Matthieu Frechin  Vetoquinol CEO  commented: “ The launch of Felpreva® is a truly proud moment for Vetoquinol  demonstrating our expertise  passion  and commitment to innovation in this essential category of veterinary medicine. As a product that has been designed specifically for cats with the needs of veterinarians and cat owners in mind  we look forward to Felpreva® realising its potential in helping safeguard the health of cats around the world.”A recent survey revealed that 44% of cat owners said that giving parasite protection to their cat was a negative experience.2 Therefore reducing the frequency of treatments  thanks to Felpreva®  will also reduce stressful interactions between cats and their owners  and will result in a more positive experience for all  with the ultimate goal to increase compliance and thus improve parasite protection for cats.Juliana Carrer  International Range Manager at Vetoquinol  and a qualified veterinarian  highlights the importance of simplicity for both veterinarians and cat owners. She said: “ The need for a straightforward  cat-friendly endectocide solution like Felpreva® has never been more critical. Time-poor vets are faced with increasing numbers of feline patients  whilst owners continue to struggle with the stress of treating their cats. We are so pleased that Felpreva® is now here to ease veterinarians’ decision-making  encourage owner compliance  and improve health outcomes for cats.”For more information on Felpreva® please contact your local Vetoquinol representative.ENDSABOUT VETOQUINOLVetoquinol is a leading global animal health company that supplies drugs and non-medicinal products for the livestock (cattle and pigs) and pet (dogs and cats) markets.As an independent pure player  Vetoquinol designs  develops and sells veterinary drugs and non-medicinal products in Europe  the Americas and the Asia Pacific region.Since its foundation in 1933  Vetoquinol has pursued a strategy combining innovation with geographical diversification. The Group’s hybrid growth is driven by the reinforcement of its product portfolio coupled with acquisitions in high potential growth markets. Vetoquinol employed 2 540 people as of September 30th  2021.Vetoquinol has been listed on Euronext Paris since 2006 (symbol: VETO).The Vetoquinol share is eligible for the French PEA and PEA-PME personal equity plans.For further information  go to: www.vetoquinol.com1 European Commission Union Register of Veterinary Medicinal Products – Felpreva. 2021. Available from: https://ec.europa.eu/health/documents/community-register/html/v277.htm [Accessed 16 November 2021].2 Vetoquinol market research [data on file].,neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,mixed,0.44,0.16,0.4,True,English,"['New Three-Monthly Feline Spot', 'Vetoquinol', 'Felpreva®', 'Parasiticide', 'leading global animal health company', 'straightforward, cat-friendly endectocide solution', 'PEA-PME personal equity plans', '1 European Commission Union Register', 'high potential growth markets', 'companion animal parasitology', 'five European markets', 'mixed parasitic infestations/infections', 'broad-spectrum active ingredients', 'International Range Manager', 'independent pure player', 'Asia Pacific region', 'flea allergic dermatitis', 'local Vetoquinol representative', '2 Vetoquinol market research', 'Veterinary Medicinal Products', 'The Vetoquinol share', 'hybrid growth', 'The Group', 'veterinary medicine', 'non-medicinal products', 'health outcomes', 'BUSINESS WIRE', 'United Kingdom', 'first three-monthly', 'single dose', 'Toxocara cati', 'Toxascaris leonina', 'Ancylostoma tubaeforme', 'Aelurostrongylus abstrusus', 'Troglostrongylus brevior', 'Dipylidium caninum', 'Taenia taeniaeformis', 'Ctenocephalides felis', 'Ixodes ricinus', 'Ixodes holocyclus', 'Otodectes cynotis', 'mild to', 'moderate cases', 'notoedric mange', 'Notoedres cati', 'Matthieu Frechin', 'proud moment', 'essential category', 'recent survey', 'parasite protection', 'negative experience', 'stressful interactions', 'positive experience', 'ultimate goal', 'Juliana Carrer', 'qualified veterinarian', 'Time-poor vets', 'increasing numbers', 'feline patients', 'ENDS ABOUT', 'geographical diversification', 'September 30th', 'French PEA', 'veterinary drugs', 'other endoparasites', 'Gastrointestinal roundworms', 'Vetoquinol CEO', 'owner compliance', 'product portfolio', 'cat owners', 'Euronext Paris', 'veterinarians’ decision-making', 'treatment strategy', 'Felpreva®', 'France', 'Germany', 'Austria', 'Italy', 'innovation', 'parasiticide', 'cats', 'tapeworms', 'addition', 'lungworms', 'hookworm', 'ectoparasites', 'fleas', 'ticks', 'mites', 'risk', 'part', 'FAD', 'launch', 'expertise', 'passion', 'commitment', 'needs', 'mind', 'world', 'frequency', 'treatments', 'importance', 'simplicity', 'information', 'livestock', 'cattle', 'pigs', 'pet', 'dogs', 'Americas', 'foundation', 'reinforcement', 'acquisitions', '2,540 people', 'symbol', 'documents', 'community-register', 'file', '16']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,businesswire.com
2299,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/medesis-pharma-wishes-accelerate-development-064500259.html,Medesis Pharma wishes to accelerate the development of its antinuclear products and provides an update on its strategy,Medesis Pharma wishes to accelerate the development of its antinuclear products and provides an update on its strategy Montpellier (France)  April  5  2022 -...,Medesis Pharma SAMedesis Pharma wishes to accelerate the development of its antinuclear products and provides an update on its strategyMontpellier (France)  April  5  2022 - 8:45am – Medesis Pharma (ISIN: FR0010844464  Ticker: ALMDP)  a pharmaceutical biotechnology company developing drug candidates with its proprietary buccal active ingredient delivery technology  Aonys®  publishes an information note on the three future drugs in development for the protection of large populations contaminated after a civil or military nuclear accident.Three drugs are specifically intended for the treatment of large populations contaminated or irradiated after a civil or military nuclear accident. To date  there is no suitable treatment for a serious nuclear accident. The three products are at the heart of the issues with the tragic international situation in Ukraine  raising the possibility of nuclear war. They are also topical with the recent decisions to maintain the development of nuclear power plants.Medesis Pharma's three drug candidates were developed in collaboration with the French Atomic Energy Commission (LRT-CEA)  which carried out all the studies on animals contaminated by radionuclides  and with the Armed Forces Biomedical Research Institute (IRBA) for studies on irradiated animals. Each of these products is protected by an international patent registered or in the process of being registered in most nuclear countries in the world.The therapeutic activity has been demonstrated  and a complementary program is necessary with pharmaceutical development for industrial production and a tolerance study on healthy volunteers to demonstrate safety before introducing the products into State emergency stocks.Funding requests for these 3 programs have been submitted by Medesis Pharma to the French Defense Innovation Agency.NU01: NanoCaDTPA: Plutonium decorporationFor more than 40 years  CaDTPA has been used by repeated slow IV infusion over several weeks. However  this treatment carried out in a medical environment is suitable for a few contaminated people (workers in Nuclear Power Plants)  but impossible to implement when several hundred thousand people are contaminated.NanoCaDTPA (formulation of CaDTPA in the Aonys microemulsion) makes it possible to obtain the same efficiency of extraction of Plutonium  but with simple administration in the mouth  from a bottle stored at room temperature.Story continuesNU02: NanoPB (Prussian Blue): Cesium decorporationPrussian Blue has been used for many years for the extraction of Cesium. It is administered in large capsules of 500 mg  18 capsules per day for 2 to 3 months. Impossible to dissolve  it is almost impossible to give to children and adolescents and is accompanied by obstinate constipation resulting in irradiation of the small pelvis. However  Cesium is fixed preferentially in the muscles and in particular in the heart muscle causing abnormalities and cardiac pathologies in children and adolescents.The NanoPB consists of Prussian Blue nanoparticles synthesized and stabilized in the Aonys microemulsion. It allows to obtain a decorporation of cesium 3 times faster with 100 times less Prussian Blue. It is drinkable and suitable for administration at any age  including infants and children.NP02: NanoManganeseThe active ingredient is manganese sulphate in the Aonys microemulsion. This product prevents and treats the storm of inflammatory cytokines triggered by irradiation that causes major respiratory and digestive inflammation responsible for death. Efficacy is observed if treatment is started within hours of irradiation. It is administered by mouth and stored in bottles at room temperature.This product is currently in a Phase II clinical study in Brazil to treat severe forms of COVID-19 which are also linked to an inflammatory cytokine storm.General information about a nuclear explosionDuring an explosion  a nuclear weapon first generates a ball of fire  the size of which varies with the power. A 1 kiloton bomb would thus generate a ball 60 meters in diameter causing damage up to 2 kilometers around the point of impact. A 1 000-kiloton bomb would generate a fireball of more than 1 kilometer  the impact of which could have a radius of up to 20 kilometers.Blast effect: the explosion causes a shock wave with a displacement of an air mass capable of destroying all surrounding objects. The vacuum created by the moving air then drives strong winds  similar to a cyclone or tornado;Heat: light radiation and its heat  which represent more than a third of the energy of the bomb  cause fires and burns on people;Radiation: the bomb generates direct radiation at the moment of its explosion;Radioactive pollution that can be carried by the winds over great distances by radionuclides which are absorbed by the respiratory and digestive tracts  settle in the tissues  in particular the lungs  liver  bones and heart  and will never again be eliminated and will cause cancer 10 to 15 years later.Product development PlanFor each of the two decorporation products of Plutonium and Cesium:• Pharmaceutical CMC development with preparation for industrial production • Tolerance study on 50 healthy volunteers treated for one month.For the radiation protection product already in clinical development:• Industrial development • Tolerance study on 50 healthy volunteers for one month.Deadlines for product registration and industrial manufacturing:• 18 months for the two decorporation products• 12 months for the radiation protection productIn practice  these deadlines can be shortened or extended depending on whether or not the Medicines Agency and the public authorities consider it urgent.À propos de Medesis PharmaPour avancer dans le traitement des maladies graves dépourvues de traitement efficace  Medesis Pharma conçoit des candidats médicaments en s’appuyant sur sa technologie propriétaire Aonys® d’administration de principes actifs sous forme de nano-gouttelettes par voie buccale qui rend efficace le delivery des principes actifs dans toutes les cellules  avec un passage de la Barrière Hémato EncéphaliqueCette approche innovante est appliquée à de futurs médicaments pour traiter des maladies majeures dépourvues de traitements efficaces : la Maladie d’Alzheimer  la Maladie de Huntington  certains cancers résistants et les inflammations respiratoires sévères comme celles liées à la COVID-19. Medesis Pharma développe également des traitements dédiés aux populations irradiées après un accident nucléaire civil ou militaire.Société biopharmaceutique française implantée près de Montpellier  Medesis Pharma est à l’origine de 15 publications scientifiques  détient 11 brevets internationaux  fruits de 17 années de recherche et se consacre plus particulièrement aujourd’hui à 4 projets qui rentrent en Phase II clinique dans le domaine des maladies neurodégénératives et du traitement de la Covid-19. Reconnue mondialement  Medesis Pharma travaille par ailleurs sur de nouvelles applications de sa technologie en partenariat avec des laboratoires de recherche publics (CNRS  CEA  IRBA)  des centres hospitaliers universitaires majeurs en France  au Canada et aux États-Unis ainsi que des acteurs privés  comme Transgene.Les actions de Medesis Pharma sont cotées sur Euronext Growth Paris. FR0010844464 – ALMDPMEDESIS PHARMATessa OlivatoTel: +33 4 67 03 03 96contact@medesispharma.comCALYPTUSMarie CalleuxTel : +33 1 53 65 68 66medesispharma@calyptus.netPour plus d’information : www.medesispharma.comAttachment,neutral,0.14,0.83,0.03,mixed,0.05,0.12,0.83,True,English,"['Medesis Pharma', 'antinuclear products', 'development', 'update', 'strategy', 'proprietary buccal active ingredient delivery technology', 'Armed Forces Biomedical Research Institute', 'French Defense Innovation Agency', 'Phase II clinical study', 'French Atomic Energy Commission', '100 times less Prussian Blue', 'several hundred thousand people', 'State emergency stocks', 'slow IV infusion', 'military nuclear accident', 'serious nuclear accident', 'most nuclear countries', 'pharmaceutical biotechnology company', 'tragic international situation', 'Prussian Blue nanoparticles', 'three future drugs', 'nuclear power plants', 'three drug candidates', 'inflammatory cytokine storm', 'Medesis Pharma SA', 'two decorporation products', 'Product development Plan', 'Three drugs', 'tolerance study', 'several weeks', 'nuclear war', 'nuclear weapon', 'international patent', 'inflammatory cytokines', 'contaminated people', 'three products', 'pharmaceutical development', 'information note', 'large populations', 'recent decisions', 'therapeutic activity', 'complementary program', 'industrial production', 'healthy volunteers', 'Funding requests', 'medical environment', 'same efficiency', 'room temperature', '2 to 3 months', 'obstinate constipation', 'small pelvis', 'cardiac pathologies', 'manganese sulphate', 'digestive inflammation', 'severe forms', 'General information', 'Blast effect', 'shock wave', 'air mass', 'surrounding objects', 'moving air', 'a third', 'Radioactive pollution', 'great distances', 'digestive tracts', 'nuclear explosion', 'antinuclear products', 'Aonys microemulsion', 'light radiation', 'direct radiation', 'irradiated animals', 'Plutonium decorporation', 'simple administration', 'many years', 'large capsules', 'The NanoPB', 'major respiratory', '1 kiloton bomb', '1,000-kiloton bomb', 'strong winds', 'heart muscle', 'suitable treatment', 'Cesium decorporation', 'Aonys®', '40 years', '18 capsules', 'update', 'strategy', 'Montpellier', 'France', 'April', '8:45am', 'ISIN', 'Ticker', 'ALMDP', 'protection', 'civil', 'issues', 'Ukraine', 'possibility', 'collaboration', 'LRT-CEA', 'studies', 'radionuclides', 'IRBA', 'process', 'world', 'safety', '3 programs', 'NanoCaDTPA', 'workers', 'formulation', 'extraction', 'mouth', 'bottle', 'Story', '500 mg', 'day', 'children', 'adolescents', 'irradiation', 'muscles', 'abnormalities', 'infants', 'NP02', 'NanoManganese', 'death', 'Efficacy', 'hours', 'Brazil', 'COVID', 'ball', 'fire', 'size', 'meters', 'diameter', 'damage', 'point', 'impact', '1 kilometer', 'radius', 'displacement', 'vacuum', 'cyclone', 'tornado', 'Heat', 'burns', 'moment', 'lungs', 'bones', 'cancer']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2300,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sequana-medical-announces-completion-alfapump-050000907.html,Sequana Medical announces the completion of alfapump implantations in POSEIDON  the North American pivotal alfapump study,Reporting of primary endpoint on track for Q4 2022FDA regulatory submission on track for mid-202370% survival of POSEIDON Roll-In patients at one year post...,"Sequana Medical NVReporting of primary endpoint on track for Q4 2022FDA regulatory submission on track for mid-202370% survival of POSEIDON Roll-In patients at one year post-implantation1 compares favourably to published literature in this high-risk patient populationGhent  Belgium – 5 April 2022 – Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  an innovator in the treatment of diuretic-resistant fluid overload in liver disease  malignant ascites  and heart failure  today announces that it has completed implanting patients in POSEIDON  the North American pivotal study to support regulatory approval of the alfapump system in the U.S. and Canada  for the treatment of recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis.Of the 71 patients enrolled in the Pivotal Cohort  40 patients have been implanted with the alfapump. Pivotal patients completing the six-months post-implantation period will be included in the primary efficacy endpoint analysis  and reporting of these data is planned for Q4 2022. A further 29 patients from the Roll-In Cohort were also implanted with the alfapump and will be included in the overall safety analysis.Importantly  a preliminary interim analysis1 of patient survival following alfapump implantation in the Roll-In Cohort indicated a mean survival probability of 70% at 12 months. This compares favourably with the published literature reporting a survival rate for refractory ascites patients of only 50% at 12 months.2""Completing alfapump implantations is an important milestone for our POSEIDON study given the uncertainties of hospital resource availability that still exist due to COVID  and enables us to report the primary endpoint data before the end of this year as planned ” commented Ian Crosbie  Chief Executive Officer of Sequana Medical. “Given the strong efficacy results we reported in last year's interim analysis  we are confident that these implanted patients in the Pivotal Cohort will give us sufficient statistical power for the primary efficacy endpoint. For our safety evaluation  we are including the data from the Roll-In patients which will bring the total number in that assessment to approximately 70.”Story continues“We are encouraged by our preliminary interim review of patient survival with 70% of the POSEIDON Roll-In patients alive at 12 months post-implantation ” added Dr. Gijs Klarenbeek  Senior Medical Adviser of Sequana Medical. “We believe that this survival data combined with the dramatic reduction in the rate of therapeutic paracentesis and the clinically relevant improvement in quality of life in the interim analysis of the first 26 Roll-in patients suggest that the alfapump is a highly attractive treatment option for this patient group that has been overlooked for too long.”Kaplan Meier – Preliminary survival rate analysis of Roll-In Cohort   dated 25 March 2022Summary of the 2 nd i nterim a nalysis of Roll-In Cohort reported in July 2021In July 2021  the Company reported the second interim analysis on 26 patients from the Roll-In Cohort  reaffirming the previous positive efficacy results of the alfapump and providing longer-term evidence of the reduction in therapeutic paracentesis and continued improvements in quality of life. Data from this Roll-In Cohort substantially exceeded the pre-defined requirements of the primary endpoints as defined for the Pivotal Cohort in the study3  demonstrating: (i) over 90% reduction in mean frequency of therapeutic paracentesis (TP) versus baseline  (ii) all patients having at least a 50% reduction in mean frequency of TP per month versus baseline  (iii) clinically important improvement in quality of life maintained even up to 12 months post-implantation  and (iv) safety profile in line with expectations.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsTel: +32 498 05 35 79Email: IR@sequanamedical.comLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van RenterghemTel: +41 76 735 01 31Email: gvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.comAbout the POSEIDON studyPOSEIDON is a single-arm  open-label and within subject cross-over study of the alfapump in patients with recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis and is being conducted in approximately 20 centres across the U.S. and Canada. All patients have been enrolled in the study and implanted with the alfapump. Patients enrolled in the Pivotal Cohort entered into a three-month pre-implant observation period before they were implanted with the alfapump. The study allowed to enrol additional patients in a Roll-In Cohort to ensure new centres were experienced with the alfapump implantation prior to enrolling patients in the Pivotal Cohort.The primary effectiveness outcomes of the study include the proportion of patients with a 50% reduction in the overall average frequency of therapeutic paracentesis per month in the post-implant observation period (month four to month six post-implantation) as compared to the pre-implant observation period. The primary safety endpoint is the rate of alfapump-related re-interventions adjudicated by the Clinical Events Committee. Patients will be followed for up to two years for analysis of secondary outcome measurements including safety (device and/or procedure-related adverse events)  quality of life (assessed by general SF36 as well as disease-specific Ascites Q questionnaires)  nutritional status  health economics and overall survival. For more information about the study  please visit clinicaltrials.gov (NCT03973866).About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical is a commercial stage medical device company utilizing its proprietary alfapump® and DSR® (Direct Sodium Removal) technologies to develop innovative treatments for fluid overload in liver disease  malignant ascites and heart failure where diuretics are no longer effective. Fluid overload is a frequent complication of many large diseases – including advanced liver disease driven by NASH (non-alcoholic steatohepatitis)-related cirrhosis and heart failure – with diuretic resistance being widespread. The U.S. market for the alfapump resulting from NASH-related cirrhosis is forecast to exceed €3 billion annually within the next 10-20 years. The heart failure market for DSR and the alfapump DSR® is estimated to be over €5 billion annually in the U.S. and EU5 by 2026.The alfapump is Sequana Medical's unique  fully implanted wireless device that automatically pumps fluid from the abdominal cavity into the bladder  where it is naturally eliminated through urination. DSR is Sequana Medical's proprietary approach to managing sodium and fluid overload through use of a sodium-free infusate administered into the abdominal cavity.In the U.S.  the Company's key growth market  the alfapump has been granted breakthrough device designation by the FDA for recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis. Interim data from the ongoing North American pivotal study (POSEIDON) showed positive outcomes against all primary endpoints and a rapid and persistent clinically important improvement in quality of life. All patients have been implanted with the alfapump and primary endpoint reporting is planned for Q4 2022. This study is intended to support a future marketing application of the alfapump in the U.S. and Canada. In Europe  the alfapump is CE-marked for the management of refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis and malignant ascites and is included in key clinical practice guidelines. Over 900 alfapump systems have been implanted to date.Sequana Medical has combined its proven alfapump and proprietary DSR therapy  and is developing the alfapump DSR  a breakthrough approach to fluid overload due to heart failure. RED DESERT demonstrated that repeated DSR therapy in diuretic-resistant heart failure patients is able to manage their fluid and sodium balance  improve their cardio-renal status and restore their diuretic response for months post-treatment. Interim results from the ongoing SAHARA DESERT study in decompensated heart failure patients indicate that repeated DSR therapy can safely  effectively and rapidly eliminate persistent congestion and restore euvolemia  together with considerable benefit in cardio-renal status and a dramatic improvement in diuretic responsiveness. Reporting of top-line data is planned for H2 2022.Sequana Medical is headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is not currently approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Study) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical study see www.poseidonstudy.com. The DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. The DSR therapy is not currently approved for clinical research in the United States or Canada. There is no link between the DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® is a registered trademark. DSR® is a registered trademark in Australia  the Benelux  the EU  United Kingdom  Hong Kong  Israel  Norway  and Switzerland. alfapump DSR® is a registered trademarks in Australia  the Benelux  China  the EU  United Kingdom  Hong Kong  Israel  New Zealand  and Norway.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.1 Date of analysis 25 March 20222 Biggins et al.  Hepatology  Vol. 74  No. 2  2021  AASLD Practice Guidance; Moreau R et al.  Liver International 2004: 24: 457-4643 Pre- and post-implant periods for this analysis of the Roll-In Cohort differ from those that will be used for the Pivotal Cohort analysisAttachments",neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,mixed,0.55,0.3,0.15,True,English,"['North American pivotal alfapump study', 'alfapump implantations', 'Sequana Medical', 'completion', 'POSEIDON', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'previous positive efficacy results', 'three-month pre-implant observation period', 'primary efficacy endpoint analysis', 'North American pivotal study', 'Preliminary survival rate analysis', 'strong efficacy results', 'post-implant observation period', 'six-months post-implantation period', 'diuretic-resistant fluid overload', 'hospital resource availability', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'sufficient statistical power', 'Dr. Gijs Klarenbeek', '2 nd i nterim', 'Guillaume van Renterghem', 'preliminary interim analysis1', 'preliminary interim review', 'primary effectiveness outcomes', 'second interim analysis', 'FDA regulatory submission', 'overall safety analysis', 'Senior Medical Adviser', 'primary safety endpoint', 'overall average frequency', 'high-risk patient population', 'subject cross-over study', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'attractive treatment option', 'mean survival probability', 'primary endpoint data', 'primary endpoints', 'mean frequency', 'patient survival', 'regulatory approval', 'safety evaluation', 'safety profile', 'patient group', 'Euronext Brussels', 'liver disease', 'malignant ascites', 'heart failure', 'U.S.', 'refractory ascites', 'liver cirrhosis', 'important milestone', 'Ian Crosbie', 'total number', 'therapeutic paracentesis', 'relevant improvement', 'Kaplan Meier', 'longer-term evidence', 'continued improvements', 'important improvement', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'single-arm, open-label', 'Pivotal Cohort', 'survival data', 'one year', 'last year', 'new centres', 'Roll-In Cohort', 'Pivotal patients', 'POSEIDON study', 'alfapump system', 'alfapump implantations', 'dramatic reduction', 'additional patients', '70% survival', '20 centres', '90% reduction', '50% reduction', '71 patients', '40 patients', '29 patients', '26 patients', 'Reporting', 'track', 'Q4 2022', 'mid-2023', 'implantation1', 'literature', 'Ghent', 'Belgium', '5 April', 'Company', 'innovator', 'Canada', 'recurrent', '12 months', 'Completing', 'uncertainties', 'COVID', 'assessment', 'Story', 'quality', 'Summary', 'July', 'requirements', 'TP', 'baseline', 'expectations', 'information', 'Tel', 'Email', 'gvanrenterghem', 'lifesciadvisors', 'proportion', '25', '32 498', '41']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2301,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/edf-announces-success-share-capital-172600486.html,EDF announces the success of its share capital increase for an amount of more than 3.150 billion euros with preferential subscription rights,EDF announces the success of its share capital increase for an amount of more than 3.150 billion euros with preferential subscription rights Paris  France  5...,EDFEDF announces the success of its share capital increase for an amount of more than 3.150 billion euros with preferential subscription rightsParis  France  5 April 2022 - EDF (the “Company”) announces today the success of its share capital increase with preferential subscription rights to existing shareholders (the “Rights Issue”).The gross proceeds of the Rights Issue (including the issue premium) amount to 3 163 938 046 euros and result in the issuance of 498 257 960 new shares (the “New Shares”).Following the subscription period  which ended on 1 April 2022  total subscription orders amounted to approximately 4.1 billion euros  representing a subscription rate of 129.01%:493 611 726 New Shares were subscribed on a non-reducible basis (à titre irréductible)  representing 99.07% of the New Shares;Orders submitted on a reducible basis (à titre réductible) represented 149 185 083 New Shares and will therefore be partly fulfilled. 4 646 234 New Shares (representing 0.93% of the New Shares) will be allocated according to a coefficient of 0.01437838 calculated based on the number of rights exercised on a non-reducible basis  provided that there is no allocation of a fraction of a New Share and that no allocation may exceed the number of New Shares subscribed on a reducible basis.In accordance with its commitment  the French State subscribed for an amount of approximately 2.7 billion euros  representing approximately 83.88% of the Rights Issue and holds approximately 83.88%1 of the Company’s share capital following the completion of the Rights Issue.The net proceeds from the Rights Issue will primarily be used:to finance the Group’s development operations during the period between 2022 and 2024  in line with the CAP 2030 strategy;to strengthen the Group's credit rating and its access to financing markets; andmore generally  to strengthen the Group’s financial flexibility.The Rights Issue is part of a broader action plan aimed at strengthening the balance sheet structure.Story continuesSettlement-delivery and beginning of trading on Euronext Paris (Segment A) of the New Shares will occur on 7 April 2022. The New Shares will carry dividend rights and their holders will be entitled to any dividends distributed by EDF from the date of issuance  it being specified that they will only entitle their holders to the final dividend for the fiscal year 2021 and the holders will be able to opt for a payment of the dividend in shares. The New Shares will be  as from their issuance date  fully fungible with EDF’s existing shares and will be traded under the same ISIN code FR0010242511.The issue of the New Shares (other than those covered by the French State subscription) was underwritten by a banking syndicate.Note: The English version of this press release may differ from the French version for regulatory reasons.This press release is certified. Check its authenticity on medias.edf.comAbout EDFAs a major player in energy transition  the EDF Group is an integrated energy company active in all businesses: generation  transmission  distribution  energy trading  energy sales and energy services. EDF group is a world leader in low-carbon energy  having developed a diverse production mix based mainly on nuclear and renewable energy (including hydropower). It is also investing in new technologies to support energy transition. EDF’s raison d’être is to build a net zero energy future with electricity and innovative solutions and services  to help save the planet and drive well-being and economic development. The Group is involved in supplying energy and services to approximately 38.5 million customers (1)  of whom 29.3 million in France (2). It generated consolidated sales of €84.5 billion in 2021. EDF is listed on the Paris Stock Exchange.(1) Since 2018  customers are counted per delivery site. A customer can have two delivery points: one for electricity and another one for gas.(2) Including ÉS (Électricité de Strasbourg) and SEI.Important informationNo communication and no information in respect of this transaction may be distributed to the public in any jurisdiction where a registration or approval is required. No steps have been or will be taken in any jurisdiction (other than France) where such steps would be required. The issue  subscription for or purchase of Electricité de France S.A.’s shares may be subject to specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. Electricité de France S.A. assumes no responsibility for any violation of any such restrictions by any person.This announcement is not a prospectus within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the “Prospectus Regulation”) or Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”).With respect to the member states of the European Economic Area other than France (the “Member States”)  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of shares or preferential subscription rights requiring the publication of a prospectus in any Member States. As a result  any shares or preferential subscription rights of Electricité de France S.A. may only be offered in Member States (i) to qualified investors  as defined by the Prospectus Regulation; (ii) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons  other than qualified investors (as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) by Member State; or (iii) in any other circumstances  not requiring Electricité de France S.A. to publish a prospectus as provided under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation; and provided that none of the offers mentioned in paragraphs (i) to (iii) above requires the publication of a prospectus by Electricité de France S.A. pursuant to article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation  or a supplement to the Prospectus Regulation pursuant to article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.With respect to the United Kingdom  no action has been undertaken or will be undertaken to make an offer to the public of shares or preferential subscription rights requiring the publication of a prospectus in the United Kingdom. As a result  any shares or preferential subscription rights of Electricité de France S.A. may only be offered in the United Kingdom (i) to qualified investors  as defined under Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; (ii) to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons  other than qualified investors (as defined in the UK Prospectus Regulation)  with the prior consent of the Managers (as such term is defined in the transaction documents); or (iii) in any other circumstances falling within Section 86 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”)  provided that no such offer shall require Electricité de France S.A. to publish a prospectus pursuant to Section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation.This press release and any other materials in relation to the New Shares or preferential subscription rights have not been made  and have not been approved  by an “authorised person” within the meaning of section 21(1) of the FSMA. As a consequence  this press release is directed only at persons who (i) are located outside the United Kingdom  (ii) are investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended  the “Order”)  or (iii) are high net worth entities and other persons to whom it may be lawfully communicated within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons mentioned in paragraphs (i)  (ii) and (iii) collectively being referred to as “Relevant Persons”). The New Shares or preferential subscription rights are intended only for Relevant Persons and no invitation  offer or agreements to subscribe  purchase or acquire the New Shares or preferential subscription rights may be proposed or made other than with Relevant Persons. Any person other than a Relevant Person may not act or rely on this document or any provision thereof. This press release is not a prospectus which has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority or any other United Kingdom regulatory authority within the meaning of Section 85 of the FSMA.This press release does not constitute or form a part of any offer or solicitation to purchase or subscribe for securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction (other than France). Securities may not be offered  subscribed or sold in the United States absent registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933  as amended (the “U.S. Securities Act”)  except pursuant to an exemption from  or in a transaction not subject to  the registration requirements thereof. The shares of Electricité de France S.A. and rights in respect thereof have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act and Electricité de France S.A. does not intend to make a public offer of its securities in the United States.The distribution of this document in certain countries may constitute a breach of applicable law. The information contained in this document does not constitute an offer of securities for sale in the United States  Canada  Australia or Japan.This press release may not be published  forwarded or distributed  directly or indirectly  in Canada  Australia or Japan.1 Including EPIC BPI FranceAttachment,neutral,0.05,0.92,0.03,mixed,0.27,0.29,0.43,True,English,"['share capital increase', 'preferential subscription rights', '3.150 billion euros', 'EDF', 'success', 'amount', 'Electricité de France S.A.', 'net zero energy future', 'balance sheet structure', 'same ISIN code', 'diverse production mix', 'two delivery points', 'share capital increase', 'broader action plan', 'Paris Stock Exchange', 'European Economic Area', 'preferential subscription rights', 'total subscription orders', 'French State subscription', 'The New Shares', 'integrated energy company', 'The Rights Issue', 'UK Prospectus Regulation', 'Segment A', 'net proceeds', 'economic development', 'delivery site', 'subscription rate', 'French version', 'European Parliament', 'European Union', 'The Group', 'energy transition', 'energy sales', 'low-carbon energy', 'renewable energy', '498,257,960 new shares', '493,611,726 New Shares', '149,185,083 New Shares', '4,646,234 New Shares', 'new technologies', 'existing shareholders', 'gross proceeds', 'reducible basis', 'development operations', 'CAP 2030 strategy', 'credit rating', 'financing markets', 'financial flexibility', 'Euronext Paris', 'fiscal year', 'existing shares', 'banking syndicate', 'English version', 'press release', 'regulatory reasons', 'major player', 'world leader', 'innovative solutions', 'consolidated sales', 'specific legal', 'domestic law', 'member states', 'subscription period', 'issue premium', 'dividend rights', '3.150 billion euros', '4.1 billion euros', '2.7 billion euros', 'energy trading', 'final dividend', 'energy services', '38.5 million customers', 'Important information', 'regulatory restrictions', 'ÉS', 'issuance date', 'EDF Group', '3,163,938,046 euros', 'success', 'amount', '5 April', '1 April', 'coefficient', 'number', 'allocation', 'fraction', 'accordance', 'commitment', 'completion', 'line', 'access', 'part', 'Story', 'Settlement-delivery', 'beginning', '7 April', 'dividends', 'payment', 'Note', 'authenticity', 'medias', 'businesses', 'generation', 'transmission', 'distribution', 'nuclear', 'hydropower', 'raison', 'electricity', 'planet', 'being', 'gas', 'Électricité', 'Strasbourg', 'SEI', 'communication', 'respect', 'transaction', 'public', 'jurisdiction', 'registration', 'approval', 'steps', 'purchase', 'responsibility', 'violation', 'person', 'announcement', 'meaning', 'Council', '14 June', 'virtue', 'Withdrawal', 'offer', '2022']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2302,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/sequana-medical-announces-completion-alfapump-050000303.html,Sequana Medical Announces the Completion of alfapump Implantations in POSEIDON  the North American Pivotal alfapump Study,Figure 1 Kaplan Meier – Preliminary survival rate analysis of Roll-In Cohort  dated 25 March 2022 Reporting of primary endpoint on track for Q4 2022FDA...,"Sequana MedicalFigure 1Kaplan Meier – Preliminary survival rate analysis of Roll-In Cohort  dated 25 March 2022Reporting of primary endpoint on track for Q4 2022FDA regulatory submission on track for mid-202370% survival of POSEIDON Roll-In patients at one year post-implantation1 compares favourably to published literature in this high-risk patient populationGHENT  Belgium  April 05  2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Sequana Medical NV (Euronext Brussels: SEQUA) (the ""Company"" or ""Sequana Medical"")  an innovator in the treatment of diuretic-resistant fluid overload in liver disease  malignant ascites  and heart failure  today announces that it has completed implanting patients in POSEIDON  the North American pivotal study to support regulatory approval of the alfapump system in the U.S. and Canada  for the treatment of recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis.Of the 71 patients enrolled in the Pivotal Cohort  40 patients have been implanted with the alfapump. Pivotal patients completing the six-months post-implantation period will be included in the primary efficacy endpoint analysis  and reporting of these data is planned for Q4 2022. A further 29 patients from the Roll-In Cohort were also implanted with the alfapump and will be included in the overall safety analysis.Importantly  a preliminary interim analysis1 of patient survival following alfapump implantation in the Roll-In Cohort indicated a mean survival probability of 70% at 12 months. This compares favourably with the published literature reporting a survival rate for refractory ascites patients of only 50% at 12 months.2""Completing alfapump implantations is an important milestone for our POSEIDON study given the uncertainties of hospital resource availability that still exist due to COVID  and enables us to report the primary endpoint data before the end of this year as planned ” commented Ian Crosbie  Chief Executive Officer of Sequana Medical. “Given the strong efficacy results we reported in last year's interim analysis  we are confident that these implanted patients in the Pivotal Cohort will give us sufficient statistical power for the primary efficacy endpoint. For our safety evaluation  we are including the data from the Roll-In patients which will bring the total number in that assessment to approximately 70.”Story continues“We are encouraged by our preliminary interim review of patient survival with 70% of the POSEIDON Roll-In patients alive at 12 months post-implantation ” added Dr. Gijs Klarenbeek  Senior Medical Adviser of Sequana Medical. “We believe that this survival data combined with the dramatic reduction in the rate of therapeutic paracentesis and the clinically relevant improvement in quality of life in the interim analysis of the first 26 Roll-in patients suggest that the alfapump is a highly attractive treatment option for this patient group that has been overlooked for too long.”Kaplan Meier – Preliminary survival rate analysis of Roll-In Cohort  dated 25 March 2022 :https://www.globenewswire.com/NewsRoom/AttachmentNg/1a65f324-c436-4786-8089-3c891f88037bSummary of the 2 nd interim analysis of Roll-In Cohort reported in July 2021In July 2021  the Company reported the second interim analysis on 26 patients from the Roll-In Cohort  reaffirming the previous positive efficacy results of the alfapump and providing longer-term evidence of the reduction in therapeutic paracentesis and continued improvements in quality of life. Data from this Roll-In Cohort substantially exceeded the pre-defined requirements of the primary endpoints as defined for the Pivotal Cohort in the study3  demonstrating: (i) over 90% reduction in mean frequency of therapeutic paracentesis (TP) versus baseline  (ii) all patients having at least a 50% reduction in mean frequency of TP per month versus baseline  (iii) clinically important improvement in quality of life maintained even up to 12 months post-implantation  and (iv) safety profile in line with expectations.For more information  please contact:Sequana MedicalLies VannesteDirector Investor RelationsTel: +32 498 05 35 79Email: IR@sequanamedical.comLifeSci AdvisorsGuillaume van RenterghemTel: +41 76 735 01 31Email: gvanrenterghem@lifesciadvisors.comAbout the POSEIDON studyPOSEIDON is a single-arm  open-label and within subject cross-over study of the alfapump in patients with recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis and is being conducted in approximately 20 centres across the U.S. and Canada. All patients have been enrolled in the study and implanted with the alfapump. Patients enrolled in the Pivotal Cohort entered into a three-month pre-implant observation period before they were implanted with the alfapump. The study allowed to enrol additional patients in a Roll-In Cohort to ensure new centres were experienced with the alfapump implantation prior to enrolling patients in the Pivotal Cohort.The primary effectiveness outcomes of the study include the proportion of patients with a 50% reduction in the overall average frequency of therapeutic paracentesis per month in the post-implant observation period (month four to month six post-implantation) as compared to the pre-implant observation period. The primary safety endpoint is the rate of alfapump-related re-interventions adjudicated by the Clinical Events Committee. Patients will be followed for up to two years for analysis of secondary outcome measurements including safety (device and/or procedure-related adverse events)  quality of life (assessed by general SF36 as well as disease-specific Ascites Q questionnaires)  nutritional status  health economics and overall survival. For more information about the study  please visit clinicaltrials.gov (NCT03973866).About Sequana MedicalSequana Medical is a commercial stage medical device company utilizing its proprietary alfapump® and DSR® (Direct Sodium Removal) technologies to develop innovative treatments for fluid overload in liver disease  malignant ascites and heart failure where diuretics are no longer effective. Fluid overload is a frequent complication of many large diseases — including advanced liver disease driven by NASH (non-alcoholic steatohepatitis)-related cirrhosis and heart failure — with diuretic resistance being widespread. The U.S. market for the alfapump resulting from NASH-related cirrhosis is forecast to exceed €3 billion annually within the next 10-20 years. The heart failure market for DSR and the alfapump DSR® is estimated to be over €5 billion annually in the U.S. and EU5 by 2026.The alfapump is Sequana Medical's unique  fully implanted wireless device that automatically pumps fluid from the abdominal cavity into the bladder  where it is naturally eliminated through urination. DSR is Sequana Medical's proprietary approach to managing sodium and fluid overload through use of a sodium-free infusate administered into the abdominal cavity.In the U.S.  the Company's key growth market  the alfapump has been granted breakthrough device designation by the FDA for recurrent or refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis. Interim data from the ongoing North American pivotal study (POSEIDON) showed positive outcomes against all primary endpoints and a rapid and persistent clinically important improvement in quality of life. All patients have been implanted with the alfapump and primary endpoint reporting is planned for Q4 2022. This study is intended to support a future marketing application of the alfapump in the U.S. and Canada. In Europe  the alfapump is CE-marked for the management of refractory ascites due to liver cirrhosis and malignant ascites and is included in key clinical practice guidelines. Over 900 alfapump systems have been implanted to date.Sequana Medical has combined its proven alfapump and proprietary DSR therapy  and is developing the alfapump DSR  a breakthrough approach to fluid overload due to heart failure. RED DESERT demonstrated that repeated DSR therapy in diuretic-resistant heart failure patients is able to manage their fluid and sodium balance  improve their cardio-renal status and restore their diuretic response for months post-treatment. Interim results from the ongoing SAHARA DESERT study in decompensated heart failure patients indicate that repeated DSR therapy can safely  effectively and rapidly eliminate persistent congestion and restore euvolemia  together with considerable benefit in cardio-renal status and a dramatic improvement in diuretic responsiveness. Reporting of top-line data is planned for H2 2022.Sequana Medical is headquartered in Ghent  Belgium. For further information  please visit www.sequanamedical.com.Important Regulatory DisclaimersThe alfapump® system is not currently approved in the United States or Canada. In the United States and Canada  the alfapump system is currently under clinical investigation (POSEIDON Study) and is being studied in adult patients with refractory or recurrent ascites due to cirrhosis. For more information regarding the POSEIDON clinical study see www.poseidonstudy.com. The DSR® therapy is still in development and it should be noted that any statements regarding safety and efficacy arise from ongoing pre-clinical and clinical investigations which have yet to be completed. The DSR therapy is not currently approved for clinical research in the United States or Canada. There is no link between the DSR therapy and ongoing investigations with the alfapump system in Europe  the United States or Canada.Note: alfapump® is a registered trademark. DSR® is a registered trademark in Australia  the Benelux  the EU  United Kingdom  Hong Kong  Israel  Norway  and Switzerland. alfapump DSR® is a registered trademarks in Australia  the Benelux  China  the EU  United Kingdom  Hong Kong  Israel  New Zealand  and Norway.Forward-looking statementsThis press release may contain predictions  estimates or other information that might be considered forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. These forward-looking statements represent the current judgment of Sequana Medical on what the future holds  and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Sequana Medical expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements in this press release  except if specifically required to do so by law or regulation. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements  which reflect the opinions of Sequana Medical only as of the date of this press release.1 Date of analysis 25 March 20222 Biggins et al.  Hepatology  Vol. 74  No. 2  2021  AASLD Practice Guidance; Moreau R et al.  Liver International 2004: 24: 457-4643 Pre- and post-implant periods for this analysis of the Roll-In Cohort differ from those that will be used for the Pivotal Cohort analysis",neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,mixed,0.55,0.3,0.15,True,English,"['North American Pivotal alfapump Study', 'alfapump Implantations', 'Sequana Medical', 'Completion', 'POSEIDON', 'Lies Vanneste Director Investor Relations', 'three-month pre-implant observation period', 'previous positive efficacy results', 'primary efficacy endpoint analysis', 'North American pivotal study', 'Preliminary survival rate analysis', 'strong efficacy results', 'six-months post-implantation period', 'preliminary interim analysis1', 'preliminary interim review', 'diuretic-resistant fluid overload', 'hospital resource availability', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'sufficient statistical power', 'Dr. Gijs Klarenbeek', 'Guillaume van Renterghem', 'primary effectiveness outcomes', '2 nd interim analysis', 'second interim analysis', 'FDA regulatory submission', 'overall safety analysis', 'overall average frequency', 'Senior Medical Adviser', 'high-risk patient population', 'subject cross-over study', 'mean survival probability', 'attractive treatment option', 'Sequana Medical NV', 'primary endpoint data', 'primary endpoints', 'patient survival', 'mean frequency', 'regulatory approval', 'safety evaluation', 'safety profile', 'patient group', 'survival data', 'Kaplan Meier', 'GLOBE NEWSWIRE', 'Euronext Brussels', 'liver disease', 'malignant ascites', 'heart failure', 'U.S.', 'refractory ascites', 'liver cirrhosis', 'important milestone', 'Ian Crosbie', 'total number', 'therapeutic paracentesis', 'relevant improvement', 'longer-term evidence', 'continued improvements', 'important improvement', 'LifeSci Advisors', 'single-arm, open-label', 'Pivotal Cohort', 'one year', 'last year', 'first 26 Roll', 'new centres', 'Roll-In Cohort', 'POSEIDON study', 'Pivotal patients', 'alfapump system', 'alfapump implantations', 'POSEIDON Roll', 'dramatic reduction', 'additional patients', '70% survival', '20 centres', '90% reduction', '50% reduction', '71 patients', '40 patients', '29 patients', '26 patients', 'Figure', 'Reporting', 'track', 'Q4 2022', 'mid-2023', 'implantation1', 'literature', 'GHENT', 'Belgium', 'April', 'Company', 'innovator', 'Canada', 'recurrent', '12 months', 'Completing', 'uncertainties', 'COVID', 'assessment', 'Story', 'quality', 'globenewswire', 'NewsRoom/AttachmentNg', 'Summary', 'July', 'requirements', 'TP', 'baseline', 'expectations', 'information', 'Tel', 'Email', 'sequanamedical', 'gvanrenterghem', 'lifesciadvisors', 'proportion', '32 498', '41']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2303,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://finance.yahoo.com/news/argenx-presents-interim-results-adapt-050000036.html,argenx Presents Interim Results from ADAPT+ Open-Label Extension Study Evaluating VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) in Generalized Myasthenia Gravis at 2022 AAN Annual Meeting,Interim data suggest long-term treatment with VYVGART provides improvement in generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) disease scores that remains consistent over...,argenx SEInterim data suggest long-term treatment with VYVGART provides improvement in generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) disease scores that remains consistent over multiple treatment cyclesLong-term safety profile of VYVGART treatment consistent with Phase 3 ADAPT studyVYVGART is the first-and-only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blockerBreda  the Netherlands—April 5  2022—argenx SE (Euronext & Nasdaq: ARGX)  a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases  today announced interim results from ADAPT+  an ongoing Phase 3  open-label  three-year extension study evaluating long-term safety  tolerability and efficacy of VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) for the treatment of adults with gMG. The data will be presented today in an oral presentation at the 74th Annual Meeting of the American Academy of Neurology (AAN).“gMG can have a devastating impact on a person and their ability to lead a fulfilling life. For healthcare providers treating gMG patients  the ADAPT+ results provide greater understanding of how long-term treatment with VYVGART could help their patients overcome some of the daily limitations they face living with this debilitating disease ” said James F. Howard Jr.  M.D.  Professor of Neurology  Medicine and Allied Health  Department of Neurology  UNC School of Medicine and principal investigator for the ADAPT+ trial. “Patients who participated in ADAPT+ continued to experience consistent efficacy and safety over a year of treatment  reinforcing the potential benefit this targeted therapy can offer to this community.”“The ADAPT+ data continue to strengthen our belief in the potential of VYVGART to improve the lives of people impacted by gMG ” said Luc Truyen  M.D.  Ph.D.  Chief Medical Officer of argenx. “Together with the robust clinical data already observed in the ADAPT study  these results further support the value of VYVGART as an efficacious  well-tolerated targeted treatment option for a patient community that has been underserved for years. We are grateful for and humbled by the ongoing participation of patients  caregivers  and investigators in the clinical trial  all of whom make continued innovation possible.”Story continuesHighlights of ADAPT+ Interim Analysis139 patients received at least one dose of VYVGART in ADAPT+. As of the interim analysis  the mean treatment duration was 363 days. Efficacy analyses were based on 106 patients who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive.Patients who continued on long-term treatment with VYVGART experienced consistent and clinically meaningful improvement on both the Myasthenia Gravis Activities of Daily Living (MG-ADL) and Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis (QMG) scales. The safety profile of long-term treatment (up to 10 treatment cycles) with VYVGART continued to be favorable and consistent with ADAPT.E fficacy is repeata ble   consistent and predictable with each subsequent treatment cycle Onset and durability of response remain consistent with each additional treatment cycle Mean improvements on MG-ADL and QMG scales from five treatment cycles were 5.1 and 4.7  respectively  and remained consistent between cycles Depth of response at increasing MG-ADL and QMG response thresholds remains consistent with ADAPT and between ADAPT+ treatment cycles 54.6% of patients received ≤5.5 treatment cycles per year based on patients who completed at least one year of VYVGART treatment at time of interim analysisSafety profile consistent with ADAPT VYVGART was well-tolerated with a consistent safety profile to the ADAPT trial and during the COVID-19 global pandemic. Majority of adverse events were mild to moderate in severity.Details of AAN oral presentation:Long-term Safety  Tolerability  and Efficacy of Efgartigimod in Patients with Generalized Myasthenia Gravis: Interim Results of the ADAPT+ StudyTuesday  April 5  2022  at 4:06 PM PTSession: S25: Autoimmune Neurology 2: Clinical Trials and Treatment; Presentation 004Presenter: James F. Howard Jr.  M.D.  Professor of Neurology (Neuromuscular Disease)  Medicine and Allied Health  Department of Neurology  The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill School of MedicinePhase 3 ADAPT+ Study DesignThe Phase 3 ADAPT+ trial is a long-term  single-arm  open-label  multicenter trial evaluating the efficacy and safety of VYVGART in patients with gMG. Ninety-one percent (151/167) of ADAPT patients entered the ADAPT+ study. A total of 106 AChR-Ab+ and 33 AChR-Ab– had received at least one dose of open-label VYVGART (including 66 ADAPT placebo patients). The remaining patients were either still responding to treatment from their last cycle in ADAPT  or dropped out between rollover. There were at least four weeks between cycles in the ADAPT+ study  with a maximum of ten cycles. The mean study duration was 363 days  resulting in 138 patient-years of observation.See the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART in the U.S.  which includes the below Important Safety Information. For more information related to VYVGART in Japan  visit argenx.jp.Important Safety Information for VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) intravenous (IV) formulation (U.S. prescribing information)What is VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab)?VYVGART is a prescription medicine used to treat a condition called generalized myasthenia gravis  which causes muscles to tire and weaken easily throughout the body  in adults who are positive for antibodies directed toward a protein called acetylcholine receptor (anti-AChR antibody positive).What is the most important information I should know about VYVGART?VYVGART may cause serious side effects  including:Infection. VYVGART may increase the risk of infection. In a clinical study  the most common infections were urinary tract and respiratory tract infections. More patients on VYVGART vs placebo had below normal levels for white blood cell counts  lymphocyte counts  and neutrophil counts. The majority of infections and blood side effects were mild to moderate in severity. Your health care provider should check you for infections before starting treatment  during treatment  and after treatment with VYVGART. Tell your health care provider if you have any history of infections. Tell your health care provider right away if you have signs or symptoms of an infection during treatment with VYVGART such as fever  chills  frequent and/or painful urination  cough  pain and blockage of nasal passages/sinus  wheezing  shortness of breath  fatigue  sore throat  excess phlegm  nasal discharge  back pain  and/or chest pain.Undesirable immune reactions (hypersensitivity reactions). VYVGART can cause the immune system to have undesirable reactions such as rashes  swelling under the skin  and shortness of breath. In clinical studies  the reactions were mild or moderate and occurred within 1 hour to 3 weeks of administration  and the reactions did not lead to VYVGART discontinuation. Your health care provider should monitor you during and after treatment and discontinue VYVGART if needed. Tell your health care provider immediately about any undesirable reactions.Before taking VYVGART  tell your health care provider about all of your medical conditions  including if you:Have a history of infection or you think you have an infection.Have received or are scheduled to receive a vaccine (immunization). Discuss with your health care provider whether you need to receive age-appropriate immunizations before initiation of a new treatment cycle with VYVGART. The use of vaccines during VYVGART treatment has not been studied  and the safety with live or live-attenuated vaccines is unknown. Administration of live or live-attenuated vaccines is not recommended during treatment with VYVGART.Are pregnant or plan to become pregnant and are breastfeeding or plan to breastfeed.Tell your health care provider about all the medicines you take  including prescription and over-the-counter medicines  vitamins  and herbal supplements.What are the common side effects of VYVGART?The most common side effects of VYVGART are respiratory tract infection  headache  and urinary tract infection.These are not all the possible side effects of VYVGART. Call your doctor for medical advice about side effects. You may report side effects to the US Food and Drug Administration at 1-800-FDA-1088.Please see the full Prescribing Information for VYVGART and talk to your doctor.About Generalized Myasthenia GravisGeneralized myasthenia gravis (gMG) is a rare and chronic autoimmune disease where immunoglobulin G (IgG) autoantibodies disrupt communication between nerves and muscles  causing debilitating and potentially life-threatening muscle weakness. Approximately 85% of people with MG progress to gMG within 24 months1  where muscles throughout the body may be affected. Patients with confirmed AChR antibodies account for approximately 85% of the total gMG population1.About EfgartigimodEfgartigimod is an antibody fragment designed to reduce pathogenic immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies by binding to the neonatal Fc receptor and blocking the IgG recycling process. Efgartigimod is being investigated in several autoimmune diseases known to be mediated by disease-causing IgG antibodies  including neuromuscular disorders  blood disorders  and skin blistering diseases.About VYVGART®VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) is a human IgG1 antibody fragment that binds to the neonatal Fc receptor (FcRN)  resulting in the reduction of circulating immunoglobulin G (IgG) autoantibodies. It is the first and only approved FcRN blocker. VYVGART is approved in the United States for the treatment of adults with generalized myasthenia gravis (gMG) who are anti-acetylcholine receptor (AChR) antibody positive and in Japan for the treatment of adults with gMG who do not have sufficient response to steroids or non-steroidal immunosuppressive therapies (ISTs).About argenxargenx is a global immunology company committed to improving the lives of people suffering from severe autoimmune diseases. Partnering with leading academic researchers through its Immunology Innovation Program (IIP)  argenx aims to translate immunology breakthroughs into a world-class portfolio of novel antibody-based medicines. argenx developed and is commercializing the first-and-only approved neonatal Fc receptor (FcRn) blocker in the U.S. and Japan. The Company is evaluating efgartigimod in multiple serious autoimmune diseases and advancing several earlier stage experimental medicines within its therapeutic franchises. For more information  visit www.argenx.com and follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  and Instagram.ReferencesBehin et al. New Pathways and Therapeutics Targets in Autoimmune Myasthenia Gravis. J Neuromusc Dis 5. 2018. 265-277For further information  please contact:Media:Kelsey Kirkkkirk@argenx.comInvestors:Beth DelGiaccobdelgiacco@argenx.comMichelle Greenblattmgreenblatt@argenx.comForward-looking StatementsThe contents of this announcement include statements that are  or may be deemed to be  “forward-looking statements.” These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology  including the terms “believes ” “hope ” “estimates ” “anticipates ” “expects ” “intends ” “may ” “will ” or “should” and include statements argenx makes concerning the expected long-term safety  tolerability and efficacy of VYVGART® (efgartigimod alfa-fcab) in adult patients with generalized myasthenia gravis. By their nature  forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. argenx’s actual results may differ materially from those predicted by the forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors. A further list and description of these risks  uncertainties and other risks can be found in argenx’s U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings and reports  including in argenx’s most recent annual report on Form 20-F filed with the SEC as well as subsequent filings and reports filed by argenx with the SEC. Given these uncertainties  the reader is advised not to place any undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of publication of this document. argenx undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise the information in this press release  including any forward-looking statements  except as may be required by law.###,neutral,0.0,0.99,0.01,mixed,0.44,0.16,0.4,True,English,"['ADAPT+ Open-Label Extension Study', 'Generalized Myasthenia Gravis', '2022 AAN Annual Meeting', 'Interim Results', 'efgartigimod alfa-fcab', 'argenx', 'VYVGART®', 'ongoing Phase 3, open-label, three-year extension study', 'efficacious, well-tolerated targeted treatment option', 'long-term, single-arm, open-label, multicenter trial', 'James F. Howard Jr.', 'interim analysis Safety profile', 'generalized myasthenia gravis', 'global immunology company', '74th Annual Meeting', 'Chief Medical Officer', 'Myasthenia Gravis Activities', 'Quantitative Myasthenia Gravis', 'COVID-19 global pandemic', '4:06 PM PT Session', 'mean study duration', 'neonatal Fc receptor', 'severe autoimmune diseases', 'Chapel Hill School', 'full Prescribing Information', 'Phase 3 ADAPT+ trial', 'ADAPT+ Study Design', 'Phase 3 ADAPT study', 'mean treatment duration', 'subsequent treatment cycle', 'additional treatment cycle', 'Long-term safety profile', 'consistent safety profile', 'Important Safety Information', 'ADAPT+ Interim Analysis', 'robust clinical data', 'multiple treatment cycles', 'five treatment cycles', 'The ADAPT+ data', 'gMG) disease scores', 'QMG response thresholds', 'ADAPT+ treatment cycles', 'AAN oral presentation', '66 ADAPT placebo patients', 'ongoing participation', 'open-label VYVGART', 'clinical trial', 'long-term treatment', 'Interim data', 'ADAPT trial', 'Mean improvements', 'last cycle', 'UNC School', 'anti-acetylcholine receptor', 'The University', '10 treatment cycles', '≤5.5 treatment cycles', 'debilitating disease', 'Neuromuscular Disease', 'interim results', 'ten cycles', 'FcRn) blocker', 'American Academy', 'devastating impact', 'fulfilling life', 'healthcare providers', 'greater understanding', 'daily limitations', 'M.D.', 'Allied Health', 'principal investigator', 'Luc Truyen', 'Ph.D.', 'continued innovation', 'one dose', 'AChR) antibody', 'Daily Living', 'E fficacy', 'adverse events', 'North Carolina', 'Ninety-one percent', 'four weeks', 'U.S.', 'ADAPT+ results', 'consistent efficacy', 'argenx SE', 'Autoimmune Neurology', 'VYVGART treatment', 'efgartigimod alfa-fcab', 'potential benefit', 'patient community', 'meaningful improvement', 'QMG scales', 'Efficacy analyses', 'remaining patients', 'one year', 'ADAPT patients', 'ADAPT VYVGART', 'gMG patients', '139 patients', '106 patients', 'VYVGART®', 'Breda', 'Netherlands', 'Euronext', 'Nasdaq', 'ARGX', 'lives', 'people', 'tolerability', 'adults', 'person', 'Professor', 'Medicine', 'Department', 'therapy', 'belief', 'value', 'years', 'caregivers', 'investigators', 'Story', 'Highlights', '363 days', 'MG-ADL', 'Onset', 'durability', 'Depth', 'time', 'Majority', 'severity', 'Details', 'Tuesday', 'April', 'Presenter', 'total', '106 AChR-Ab', '33 AChR-Ab', 'rollover', 'maximum', 'observation', 'related']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,finance.yahoo.com
2304,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.itweb.co.za/content/j5alrvQakPzvpYQk,Exclusive Networks – full year 2021 financial results,The company reported full year gross sales at €3.3 billion  up 15.1% year over year.,Full year reported gross sales at €3.3 billion  up 15.1%[1] year over year.Full year adjusted EBITA €119.2 million  up 10.0%[1] year over year.Full year adjusted net income €72.6 million  up 85.1% year over year.Successful execution against the strategy as outlined at IPO.Delivered on 2021 sales growth and earnings and upgrading 2022 outlook.Strongly positioned to capitalise on the growth opportunities in the cyber security market.Proposed dividend: €0.20 per share payable in cash.Exclusive Networks (Euronext Paris: EXN) today announced its financial results for the full year ended 31 December 2021  which release has been approved by the Board of Directors on 29 March 2022.Jesper Trolle  Chief Executive Officer  commented: “We are pleased to present strong results for 2021 and deliver on the strategy we presented at the time of our IPO. We successfully delivered on growth and profitability targets and demonstrated our operational excellence  successfully navigating market challenges. Our unique positioning at the centre of the ecosystem and the compelling demand for cyber security solutions drove this strong performance in 2021 and reinforces our confidence in our strategy and outlook for the future. We have many exciting growth opportunities and continue to take advantage of our strong market position and cyber security demand globally.The cyber security market is now more prominent than ever as the environment becomes more complex. New legislation  remote working  geopolitics and an increasing adoption of cloud contribute to an acceleration of the growth of the cyber security market  and Exclusive Networks is uniquely positioned to capitalise from the structural growth in the market by being the key player at the centre of the highly fragmented and increasingly complex cyber security ecosystem.The full press release is available at: https://www.exclusive-networks-ir.com/files/IPO/EXN_FY2021_PR_VF_EN.pdf[1] Including Veracomp in 2020. Veracomp acquired on 30 December 2020 but considered as if acquired on 1 January 2020 for comparison purposes.,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,positive,0.78,0.2,0.02,True,English,"['full year 2021 financial results', 'Exclusive Networks', 'many exciting growth opportunities', 'complex cyber security ecosystem', 'cyber security solutions', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'cyber security market', 'cyber security demand', 'strong market position', 'full press release', 'market challenges', 'compelling demand', 'strong results', 'strong performance', 'gross sales', 'net income', 'Successful execution', '2021 sales growth', 'Exclusive Networks', 'Euronext Paris', 'financial results', 'Jesper Trolle', 'profitability targets', 'operational excellence', 'unique positioning', 'New legislation', 'remote working', 'increasing adoption', 'structural growth', 'key player', 'comparison purposes', 'Full year', 'EBITA', 'strategy', 'IPO', 'earnings', '2022 outlook', 'dividend', 'share', 'cash', 'EXN', 'Board', 'Directors', '29 March', 'time', 'centre', 'confidence', 'future', 'advantage', 'environment', 'geopolitics', 'cloud', 'acceleration', 'fragmented', 'exclusive-networks', 'files', 'VF_EN', 'Veracomp', '30 December', '1 January']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,itweb.co.za
2305,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/independent-health-selects-atos-to-deliver-digital-operations-and-cybersecurity-solutions-301517949.html,Independent Health selects Atos to deliver digital operations and cybersecurity solutions,IRVING  Texas  April 5  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Atos today announces a 5-year contract to deliver managed services for digital operations  applications and cybersecurity for Independent Health (IH)  a leading healthcare insurance organization with more than 330 …,"IRVING  Texas  April 5  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Atos today announces a 5-year contract to deliver managed services for digital operations  applications and cybersecurity for Independent Health (IH)  a leading healthcare insurance organization with more than 330 000 members across Western New York.Atos' operational solutions will leverage infrastructure and digital platforms to optimize operating costs and generate efficiencies across the business landscape. For example  Atos' solutions will further the business model to help enable improvements for care management programs like Independent Health's Care for You program and customer service initiatives that provide integrated care and member engagement models in supporting customers  physicians and providers alike.In addition  Atos will transform and evolve Independent Health's enterprise applications portfolio to be agile  mobile and rooted in analytics  across its private infrastructure. The application modernization will increase business flexibility by opening and extending legacy applications to new services and platforms  while fully protecting business risk and the data capital.Atos will also provide Independent Health with identity and access management (IAM) services for business users to securely and conveniently access information  devices and applications. Atos will protect access to resources and data using strong authentication and risk-based adaptive access policies without compromising user experience and productivity.""We are delighted to partner with Independent Health to transform its digital operations to achieve greater flexibility to both respond to challenges and drive innovation. We align closely with their vision of securely steering a future-forward environment that thrives on smart integration of core business processes and agile applications "" said Jerry Mathews  Senior Vice President  Head of Healthcare and Life Sciences  Atos Americas.""Atos has been a trusted partner in our transformation journey for seven years. This new edition to our plan further infuses our business efficiencies with consolidated technology operations and helps us comply with digital service management standards – all as a strategy to focus on our vision of bringing quality and affordable healthcare services to our customers "" said Joshua Zalen  Vice President of IT Service Operations  Independent Health.Independent Health is nationally recognized for its benchmark quality and customer service. Most recently  Independent Health was named a 5-Star Rated Medicare Advantage Plan for 2022 by The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS). Independent Health is one of only seven health plans in the nation with multiple Medicare Advantage contracts to be awarded 5 stars for its entire 2022 Medicare Advantage product portfolio.To learn more about how Atos is transforming the digital future of healthcare  visit Digital Healthcare Solutions | Life Sciences Digital Transformation – Atos.About AtosAtos is a global leader in digital transformation with 109 000 employees and annual revenue of c. € 11 billion. European number one in cybersecurity  cloud and high performance computing  the Group provides tailored end-to-end solutions for all industries in 71 countries. A pioneer in decarbonization services and products  Atos is committed to a secure and decarbonized digital for its clients. Atos is an SE (Societas Europaea)  listed on Euronext Paris and included in the CAC 40 ESG and Next 20 indexes.The purpose of Atos is to help design the future of the information space. Its expertise and services support the development of knowledge  education and research in a multicultural approach and contribute to the development of scientific and technological excellence. Across the world  the Group enables its customers and employees  and members of societies at large to live  work and develop sustainably  in a safe and secure information space.SOURCE Atos",neutral,0.03,0.96,0.01,positive,0.8,0.2,0.01,True,English,"['Independent Health', 'digital operations', 'cybersecurity solutions', 'Atos', 'entire 2022 Medicare Advantage product portfolio', 'multiple Medicare Advantage contracts', 'leading healthcare insurance organization', 'risk-based adaptive access policies', 'digital service management standards', 'Life Sciences Digital Transformation', 'Rated Medicare Advantage', 'member engagement models', 'high performance computing', 'enterprise applications portfolio', 'customer service initiatives', 'consolidated technology operations', 'IT Service Operations', 'Western New York', 'core business processes', 'care management programs', 'Senior Vice President', 'seven health plans', 'Digital Healthcare Solutions', 'affordable healthcare services', ""Atos' operational solutions"", 'secure information space', 'access management', 'digital operations', 'transformation journey', 'decarbonized digital', 'seven years', 'end solutions', 'new edition', 'new services', 'business landscape', 'business model', 'business flexibility', 'business risk', 'business users', 'Independent Health', 'digital platforms', 'digital future', '5-year contract', 'operating costs', 'integrated care', 'application modernization', 'strong authentication', 'user experience', 'greater flexibility', 'future-forward environment', 'smart integration', 'Jerry Mathews', 'trusted partner', 'Joshua Zalen', 'The Centers', 'global leader', 'annual revenue', 'European number', 'Societas Europaea', 'Euronext Paris', 'CAC 40 ESG', 'Next 20 indexes', 'multicultural approach', 'technological excellence', 'managed services', 'Medicaid Services', 'decarbonization services', ""Atos' solutions"", 'legacy applications', 'agile applications', 'business efficiencies', 'private infrastructure', 'data capital', 'benchmark quality', 'Atos Americas', 'SOURCE Atos', 'Atos.', 'IRVING', 'Texas', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'cybersecurity', 'IH', '330,000 members', 'example', 'improvements', 'customers', 'physicians', 'providers', 'addition', 'analytics', 'identity', 'IAM', 'devices', 'resources', 'productivity', 'challenges', 'innovation', 'vision', 'Head', 'strategy', 'CMS', 'nation', '5 stars', '109,000 employees', 'cloud', 'Group', 'tailored', 'industries', '71 countries', 'pioneer', 'products', 'clients', 'purpose', 'expertise', 'development', 'knowledge', 'education', 'research', 'scientific', 'world', 'societies', 'large', 'safe']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,prnewswire.com
2306,EuroNext,NewsApi.org,https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wolters-kluwer-legal--regulatory-names-atul-dubey-as-head-of-wolters-kluwer-legal--regulatory-us-301517872.html,Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory Names Atul Dubey as Head of Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.,NEW YORK  April 5  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory has announced the appointment of Atul Dubey as Senior Vice President and General Manager of Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.  effective April 1. Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory …,"NEW YORK  April 5  2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory has announced the appointment of Atul Dubey as Senior Vice President and General Manager of Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.  effective April 1. Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S. (LRUS) is a leading provider of information and expert solutions for legal and business compliance professionals.Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory Names Atul Dubey as Head of Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Atul joined Wolters Kluwer in 2016 as Chief Strategy Officer  working closely with the Executive Board in leading the development of the company's strategies to successfully drive growth and transformation with a focus on expert solutions. Wolters Kluwer has greatly benefited from Atul's expertise in customer-focused innovation  journey to the cloud and go-to-market transformation. As head of LRUS  Atul will work with the team in focusing on new growth opportunities for the business.""We are delighted to have Atul lead the Legal & Regulatory U.S. business "" said Martin O'Malley  CEO  Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory. ""With Atul's expertise in customer-focused innovation and transformative technologies  he will accelerate our delivery of new value to our customers.""""It is a privilege to lead the talented team at LRUS and to continue to serve our valued customers with expertise and excellence "" said Atul. ""With our strong customer focus and ongoing investment in both expert content and software solutions  we are dedicated to finding innovative ways to help our customers achieve the best outcomes for them and their customers.""Before joining Wolters Kluwer  Atul has had a strong track record in developing and expanding businesses in the fintech space with leadership roles at Citigroup and S&P Global Ratings.Atul succeeds Dean Sonderegger  who was named Senior Vice President and General Manager  Wolters Kluwer Tax & Accounting Canada and Research & Learning U.S.About Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Wolters Kluwer (WKL) is a global leader in professional information  software solutions  and services for the healthcare; tax and accounting; governance  risk and compliance; and legal and regulatory sectors. We help our customers make critical decisions every day by providing expert solutions that combine deep domain knowledge with specialized technology and services.Wolters Kluwer reported 2021 annual revenues of €4.8 billion. The group serves customers in over 180 countries  maintains operations in over 40 countries  and employs approximately 19 800 people worldwide. The company is headquartered in Alphen aan den Rijn  the Netherlands.Wolters Kluwer shares are listed on Euronext Amsterdam (WKL) and are included in the AEX and Euronext 100 indices. Wolters Kluwer has a sponsored Level 1 American Depositary Receipt (ADR) program. The ADRs are traded on the over-the-counter market in the U.S. (WTKWY).For more information  visit www.wolterskluwer.com  follow us on LinkedIn  Twitter  Facebook  and YouTube.MEDIA CONTACT:Linda GharibDirector  Brand & CommunicationsWolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.Tel: +1 (646) 887-7962Email: [email protected]SOURCE Wolters Kluwer Legal & Regulatory U.S.",neutral,0.01,0.97,0.02,positive,0.91,0.08,0.01,True,English,"['Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'Regulatory U.S.', 'Regulatory Names', 'Atul Dubey', 'Head', 'Alphen aan den Rijn', 'Level 1 American Depositary Receipt', 'S&P Global Ratings', 'Regulatory U.S. business', 'Senior Vice President', 'Chief Strategy Officer', ""Martin O'Malley"", 'strong track record', 'deep domain knowledge', 'Linda Gharib Director', 'Wolters Kluwer shares', 'strong customer focus', 'Wolters Kluwer Legal', 'business compliance professionals', 'new growth opportunities', 'Wolters Kluwer Tax', 'global leader', 'Regulatory Names', 'regulatory sectors', 'NEW YORK', 'new value', 'General Manager', 'leading provider', 'expert solutions', 'Executive Board', 'customer-focused innovation', 'transformative technologies', 'ongoing investment', 'expert content', 'software solutions', 'innovative ways', 'best outcomes', 'fintech space', 'leadership roles', 'Dean Sonderegger', 'critical decisions', 'specialized technology', '2021 annual revenues', 'Euronext Amsterdam', 'Euronext 100 indices', 'ADR) program', 'counter market', 'MEDIA CONTACT', 'market transformation', 'talented team', 'Accounting Canada', 'professional information', 'Atul Dubey', 'Atul.', 'April', 'PRNewswire', 'appointment', 'LRUS', 'Head', 'development', 'company', 'strategies', 'expertise', 'journey', 'cloud', 'CEO', 'delivery', 'customers', 'privilege', 'valued', 'excellence', 'expanding', 'businesses', 'Citigroup', 'Research', 'Learning', 'WKL', 'services', 'healthcare', 'governance', 'risk', '180 countries', 'operations', '40 countries', '19,800 people', 'Netherlands', 'AEX', 'ADRs', 'WTKWY', 'wolterskluwer', 'LinkedIn', 'Twitter', 'Facebook', 'YouTube', 'Brand', 'Communications', 'Tel', 'Email', 'SOURCE']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,prnewswire.com
2307,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/04/05/2416949/0/en/Convening-of-the-Annual-General-Meeting-of-Euronext-N-V.html,Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.,5 hours ago,"Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +353 87 361 2380 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45CONVENING OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF EURONEXT N.V.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 05 April 2022 – Euronext today announced that the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) will take place on Wednesday 18 May 2022 at 10:30 CEST at Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlands.The agenda for the meeting is as follows:Opening Presentation of the Chief Executive Officer (discussion item) Annual report 2021 Explanation of the policy on additions to reserves and dividends (discussion item) Proposal to adopt the 2021 remuneration report (voting item 1) Proposal to adopt the 2021 financial statements (voting item 2) Proposal to adopt a dividend of €1.93 per ordinary share (voting item 3) Proposal to discharge the members of the Managing Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2021 (voting item 4) Proposal to discharge the members of the Supervisory Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2021 (voting item 5) Composition of the Supervisory Board Re-appointment of Manuel Ferreira da Silva as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 6) Re-appointment of Padraic O’Connor as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 7) Composition of the Managing Board Appointment of Fabrizio Testa as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 8)Proposal to appoint the external auditor (voting item 9) Proposal to designate the Managing Board as the competent body: to issue ordinary shares (voting item 10); and to restrict or exclude the pre-emptive rights of shareholders (voting item 11)Proposal to authorise the Managing Board to acquire ordinary shares in the share capital of the company on behalf of the company (voting item 12) Any other business CloseThe AGM will be conducted in English.Registration date AGMPursuant to Dutch law and Euronext N.V.’s Articles of Association  the persons who will be considered as entitled to attend and vote at the AGM are those persons who are registered as such in the administrations held by their financial intermediaries (the “Shareholders”) on 20 April 2022  after processing of all settlements on that date (the “Registration Date”).Registration and voting instructionsShareholders holding their shares through Euroclear France S.A. (i.e. the public) who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by their financial intermediary or by Euronext Securities Department – BNP PARIBAS Securities Services. Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received by their financial intermediary no later than on 12 May 2022 for receipt no later than on 13 May 2022 by BNP Paribas Securities Service CTS Assemblées Générales  9 rue du Débarcadère  93761 Pantin Cedex  France. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder) and declaration that the shares were in custody with the Euroclear France-admitted institution on the Registration Date. This certificate will serve as the admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Shareholders holding their shares through Interbolsa in Portugal who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by Euronext Securities Department – BNP PARIBAS Securities Services. Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received by their financial intermediary no later than on 12 May 2022 for receipt no later than on 13 May 2022 by BNP Paribas Securities Services  PT Local Team  Edificio Art’s  Av. D. Joao II  Lote 1.18.01  Bloco B  1998-028 Lisboa  Portugal. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares on the Registration Date; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder). This certificate will serve as admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Shareholders are advised to make contact with their financial intermediary in the case of any questions.Persons without a valid admission certificate will not be given access to the meeting. Attendees may be asked for identification prior to being admitted.At the time of the publication of this convening notice  Euronext’s total issued share capital in number of issued shares and in voting rights is published on Euronext’s website at:https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/capital-and-shareholdingWebcastThere will be a live broadcast of the AGM via:https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/euronextwebcast/20220518_2/.AGM DocumentationThe AGM Documentation (i.e. this convening notice  the agenda and the explanatory notes thereto including the information on the persons to be appointed to the Supervisory Board and the Managing Board  as well as the 2021 Annual Report) is available:at the registered office of Euronext N.V.: Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlandsby email request to EuronextCorporateSecretary@euronext.comon Euronext’s website at www.euronext.com/investor-relations/shareholder-meetingsfrom BNP PARIBAS Securities Services CTS Assemblées Générales  9 rue du Débarcadère  93761 Pantin Cedex  France  + 33 1 57 43 02 30Managing Board and Supervisory Board of Euronext N.V.Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The NetherlandsRegistered at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce  under number 60234520CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Shannon Sweeney (Dublin) +353 87 361 2380 ssweeney@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris) +33 1 70 48 24 45 smound@euronext.comANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ckubiak@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed issuers and around €6.9 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2021  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs. For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/ euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/ euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2022  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,negative,0.01,0.37,0.61,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext N.V.', 'BNP Paribas Securities Service CTS Assemblées Générales', '9 rue du Débarcadère', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'BNP PARIBAS Securities Services', 'Av. D. Joao II', 'Manuel Ferreira da Silva', 'Euroclear France S.A.', 'EURONEXT N.V.', 'Euronext Securities Department', 'Euroclear France-admitted institution', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Padraic O’Connor', 'attendance card request', 'PT Local Team', 'Annual report 2021 Explanation', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'valid admission certificate', 'Managing Board Appointment', '2021 remuneration report', 'Supervisory Board', 'The Netherlands', 'Opening Presentation', '2021 financial statements', 'ordinary share', 'Fabrizio Testa', 'external auditor', 'competent body', 'pre-emptive rights', 'other business', 'Dutch law', 'financial intermediaries', 'financial intermediary', '93761 Pantin Cedex', 'Edificio Art', 'Bloco B', 'voting rights', 'live broadcast', 'share capital', 'Registration date', 'convening notice', '1012 JW Amsterdam', 'voting instructions', 'voting form', 'Wednesday 18 May', 'discussion item', 'The AGM', 'shares', '12 May', '13 May', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '05 April', 'place', 'Beursplein', 'agenda', 'policy', 'additions', 'reserves', 'dividends', 'Proposal', 'members', 'respect', 'duties', 'year', 'Composition', 'shareholders', 'company', 'behalf', 'English', 'Articles', 'Association', 'persons', 'administrations', '20 April', 'processing', 'settlements', 'public', 'power', 'attorney', 'purpose', 'documents', 'receipt', 'holding', 'name', 'city', 'residence', 'number', 'attendee', 'custody', 'Interbolsa', 'Portugal', 'Lote', 'Lisboa', 'case', 'questions', 'access', 'identification', 'time', 'website', 'investor-relations', 'Webcast', 'chan', '10:30']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,globenewswire.com
2308,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SOGECLAIR-S-A-5081/news/Sogeclair-S-A-confirms-its-eligibility-for-the-2022-PEA-PME-share-savings-scheme-and-indicates-its-39960852/,Sogeclair S A : confirms its eligibility for the 2022 PEA-PME share savings scheme and indicates its dividend payment date,1 day ago,SOGECLAIR CONFIRMS ITS ELIGIBILITY FOR THE PEA-PME SHARE SAVINGSCHEME  AND INDICATES ITS DIVIDEND PAYMENT DATEBlagnac  France  and Montreal  Canada  04th April 2022 at 5.35 pm - SOGECLAIR (Euronext: SOG)  supplier of innovative solutions with high added value for a safer and less-consuming mobility  confirms that it meets all the eligibility criteria for the PEA-PME (small and medium-size enterprise share saving scheme) specified by Article L.221-32-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code  ie: market capitalization lower than €1 billion  headcount lower than 5 000 employees  annual turnover lower than €1.5 billion or a total balance sheet lower than €2 billion. These eligibility criteria are assessed on the basis of the consolidated accounts of SOGECLAIR on 31st December 2021  taking into account its subsidiaries.Consequently  SOGECLAIR shares can be fully integrated into PEA-PME accounts.The dividend of €0.90 gross per share announced on 16th March 2022 (press release on the 2021 Annual Results)  submitted for approval to the General Meeting to be held on 12th May 2022 would be paid on 18th May 2022. The detachment of the coupon would take place on 16th May 2022.Next announcement: turnover for Q1 2022  on May 04th 2022 after closing of the Stock MarketAbout SOGECLAIRSOGECLAIR provides consulting services  engineering and technological products to the aeronautical  aerospace  vehicle  railway and defence sectors. Its employees are spread over 4 continents.SOGECLAIR is listed on Euronext Paris - Compartment C - Indice Euronext® Family Business -Code ISIN: FR0000065864 / (Reuters SCLR.PA - Bloomberg SOG.FP)Contacts: Philippe ROBARDEY  President & CEO / Marc DAROLLES  Executive Vice President / Olivier PEDRON  Executive Vice President www.sogeclair.com / +33(0)5 61 71 70 33,neutral,0.01,0.98,0.01,positive,0.49,0.45,0.06,True,English,"['2022 PEA-PME share savings scheme', 'Sogeclair S A', 'dividend payment date', 'eligibility', 'medium-size enterprise share saving scheme', 'Indice Euronext® Family Business', 'PEA-PME SHARE SAVING', 'high added value', 'total balance sheet', 'Executive Vice President', 'DIVIDEND PAYMENT DATE', 'Euronext Paris', '04th April', 'innovative solutions', 'less-consuming mobility', 'Article L.', 'French Monetary', 'market capitalization', 'consolidated accounts', '31st December', 'PEA-PME accounts', '16th March', 'press release', '2021 Annual Results', 'General Meeting', '12th May', '18th May', '16th May', 'Next announcement', 'May 04th', 'Stock Market', 'consulting services', 'technological products', 'defence sectors', 'Compartment C', 'Reuters SCLR', 'Philippe ROBARDEY', 'Marc DAROLLES', 'Olivier PEDRON', 'eligibility criteria', 'Financial Code', 'annual turnover', 'Bloomberg SOG', 'SOGECLAIR CONFIRMS', 'SOGECLAIR shares', 'ITS', 'THE', 'INDICATES', 'Blagnac', 'France', 'Montreal', 'Canada', 'supplier', 'safer', 'small', 'headcount', '5,000 employees', 'basis', 'subsidiaries', 'approval', 'detachment', 'coupon', 'place', 'Q1', 'closing', 'engineering', 'aerospace', 'vehicle', 'railway', '4 continents', 'ISIN', 'FP', 'Contacts', 'CEO', '5.35']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,marketscreener.com
2309,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.edpr.com/en/news/2022/04/05/edpr-awarded-grid-connection-floating-solar-auction-portugal-0,EDPR awarded with grid connection in floating solar auction in Portugal | EDP Renováveis,9 hours ago,EDP Renewables (Euronext: EDPR)  the world's fourth largest renewable energy producer  was awarded 70 MVA of grid connection capacity at Alqueva in the floating solar auction in Portugal with a CfD (contract for differences) for a period of 15 years.The grid connection capacity is expected to allow EDPR to install up to 154 MW of renewable capacity including 70 MW of floating solar PV under the above mentioned CfD  plus 14 MW of solar overcapacity and 70 MW of hybrid wind capacity  both excluded from the CfD. The project is estimated to be operational in 2025.This project is a clear example of value creation through hybridization of renewable technologies and optimization of grid connection.EDPR's success reinforces its low-risk profile and growth strategy based on the development of competitive projects with long-term visibility  fostering the acceleration of the energy transition and the decarbonization of the economy.,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,positive,0.66,0.31,0.03,True,English,"['floating solar auction', 'EDP Renováveis', 'grid connection', 'EDPR', 'Portugal', 'fourth largest renewable energy producer', 'hybrid wind capacity', 'floating solar auction', 'floating solar PV', 'grid connection capacity', 'up to 154 MW', 'renewable capacity', 'energy transition', 'renewable technologies', 'solar overcapacity', 'EDP Renewables', 'clear example', 'value creation', 'low-risk profile', 'growth strategy', 'competitive projects', 'long-term visibility', '70 MW', '14 MW', 'Euronext', 'EDPR', 'world', '70 MVA', 'Alqueva', 'Portugal', 'CfD', 'contract', 'differences', 'period', '15 years', 'hybridization', 'optimization', 'success', 'development', 'acceleration', 'decarbonization', 'economy']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,edpr.com
2310,EuroNext,Google API,https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220404005966/en/GAUSSIN-Announces-the-Start-of-Delivery-of-36-APM-75T-HE-Electric-Tractors-24-POWERPACKS-LMP%C2%AE-and-6-Charging-Stations-Ordered-by-C%C3%94TE-DIVOIRE-TERMINAL,GAUSSIN Announces the Start of Delivery of 36 APM 75T HE Electric Tractors  24 POWERPACKS LMP® and 6 Charging Stations Ordered by CÔTE D'IVOIRE TERMINAL,1 day ago,"HÉRICOURT  France--(BUSINESS WIRE)--GAUSSIN (EURONEXT GROWTH ALGAU - FR0013495298)  a pioneer in the clean and intelligent transport of goods and people  announces it has started delivering on the order of 36 APM 75T HE electric tractors  24 POWERPACKS LMP® and 6 charging stations to equip CÔTE D'IVOIRE TERMINAL  the second container terminal in the port of Abidjan. GAUSSIN is delivering 14 APMs and 2 charging stations this week  for delivery to CÔTE D'IVOIRE TERMINAL at the end of April.This historic order is the largest since the launch of the APM 75T HE  a 100% electric tractor designed to transport containers in ports. It represents a turnover of €9.9 million and is due for delivery in full in the first half of 2022.CÔTE D'IVOIRE TERMINAL  pioneering zero emission container terminal in AfricaCÔTE D'IVOIRE TERMINAL is the second container terminal in the port of Abidjan. With a capacity of 1.5 million containers per year  it will cover an area of 37.5 hectares and will have 1 100 meters of quay with a draught of 16 meters. Once commissioned  it will be equipped with a full range of electrical equipment including 6 quay gantries and 13 RTG gantries. CÔTE D'IVOIRE TERMINAL is the first container terminal built according to the 8 pillars of the Green Terminal label  an environmental labeling process created by BOLLORÉ PORTS and validated by Bureau Veritas.A promising futureGAUSSIN had announced in March 2019 the signature of a Framework Agreement with preferential rights valid until December 31  2025 with Unicaf  Bolloré Group's central purchasing unit  for the APM 75T ""HE"" Hot Environment  100% electric  equipped with the POWERPACK® LMP® from Blue Solutions. The agreement has resulted in 3 orders for the Ports of Abidjan in Ivory Coast and Freetown in Sierra Leone.Discussions are underway for new orders in 2022 for other ports operated by Bolloré Ports.“We are proud to start the delivery process of this historic order for GAUSSIN  which will enable the port of Abidjan to accelerate its ecological transition. Our partnership with the Bolloré Group remains a strategic pillar of GAUSSIN's strategy and I am delighted with the development prospects underway ” said Christophe Gaussin  CEO of GAUSSIN.“We are entering the final stretch before the commissioning of Côte d'Ivoire Terminal scheduled for next November. This second container terminal illustrates all our know-how as a port operator both in technological and environmental terms. We are satisfied with our partnership with GAUSSIN and are pursuing our investment projects with the aim of reducing the impact of our activities on the environment year after year ” said Philippe Labonne  Deputy CEO of Bolloré Transport & Logistics.Next stepsSITL Paris (Villepinte) : April 5 to 8H2 Racing Truck World Tour in Zeebrugge: April 6Financial results 2021 : April 26H2 Racing Truck World Tour in Baltimore : April 29H2 Racing Truck World Tour in New York : May 1H2 Racing Truck World Tour in Detroit : May 3H2 Racing Truck World Tour in Long Beach (Los Angeles) : May 6Hyvolution in Paris : May 11 to 12Advanced Clean Transportation (ACT) Expo in Los Angeles : May 9 to 12H2 Racing Truck World Tour in Las Vegas : May 14H2 Racing Truck World Tour in San Francisco : May 16H2 Racing Truck World Tour in Seattle : May 18H2 Racing Truck World Tour in Vancouver : May 19H2 Racing Truck World Tour in Calgary : May 21H2 Racing Truck World Tour in Winnipeg : May 23H2 Racing Truck World Tour in Ottawa : May 26H2 Racing Truck World Tour in Montreal : May 27H2 Racing Truck World Tour in Québec : May 28H2 Racing Truck World Tour in London : July 2H2 Racing Truck World Tour in Rotterdam : July 3H2 Racing Truck World Tour in Paris : July 8H2 Racing Truck World Tour in Héricourt : July 9H2 Racing Truck World Tour in Geneva : September 26H2 Racing Truck World Tour in Milan : September 28H2 Racing Truck World Tour in Rome : September 29H2 Racing Truck World Tour in Cairo : November 5H2 Racing Truck World Tour in Charm el-Cheikh (COP27) : November 7About GAUSSINGAUSSIN is an engineering company that designs  assembles and sells innovative products and services in the transport and logistics field. Its know-how encompasses cargo and passenger transport  autonomous technologies allowing for self-driving solutions such as Automotive Guided Vehicles  and the integration all types of batteries  electric and hydrogen fuel cells in particular. With more than 50 000 vehicles worldwide  GAUSSIN enjoys a strong reputation in four fast-expanding markets: port terminals  airports  logistics and people mobility. The group has developed strategic partnerships with major global players in order to accelerate its commercial penetration: Siemens Postal  Parcel & Airport Logistics in the airport field  Bolloré Ports and ST Engineering in ports and Bluebus for people mobility. GAUSSIN has broadened its business model with the signing of license agreements accelerating the diffusion of its technology throughout the world. The acquisition of METALLIANCE confirms the emergence of an international group present in all segments of intelligent and clean vehicles.In October 2021  GAUSSIN won the Dubai World Challenge for Self-Driving Transport.In January 2022  GAUSSIN successfully completed the 2022 Dakar Rally with its H2 Racing Truck  the first hydrogen-powered vehicle to enter the race and generate zero CO2 emissions.In March 2022  Christophe Gaussin was named “Hydrogen Personality of the year” at the Hydrogénies - Trophées de l'hydrogène ceremony held at the French National Assembly.GAUSSIN has been listed on Euronext Growth in Paris since 2010.More information on www.gaussin.com.About COTE D’IVOIRE TERMINALAfter an international call for tenders  the BOLLORÉ PORTS and APM TERMINALS consortium has been awarded the construction and management of the 2nd container terminal of the Port of Abidjan. Thanks to an investment of more than 262 billion FCFA  the construction work of the future CÔTE D'IVOIRE TERMINAL will be completed in 2022. Covering an area of 37.5 hectares  this new container terminal will be able to handle more than 1.5 million TEU containers per year and accommodate vessels with a draught of 16 meters along its 1 100 meters of quays. It will generate 450 direct jobs and thousands of indirect jobs. It will contribute to the development of skills and the training of Ivorian youth in port trades and in the handling of latest generation equipment.For more information on GAUSSIN  go to www.gaussin.com* This document may contain forward-looking information. Such forward-looking information refers to future prospects  developments and strategies of Gaussin and is based on an analysis of expected future results and estimates of amounts that are not yet determinable to date. Forward-looking information naturally contains elements of risk and uncertainty relative to events and therefore dependent on circumstances which may or may not occur in the future. Gaussin draws your attention to the fact that forward-looking information provides no guarantee concerning its future performance or financial situation  financial results or trends in the sector in which Gaussin operates  and which may significantly differ from those proposed or suggested in the forward-looking statements contained in this presentation. Furthermore  even though the financial position of Gaussin  its performance and trends in the sector in which Gaussin operates comply with the forward-looking information contained in this presentation  such performance or trends may not be a reliable indication of the company’s future performance or prospects. Gaussin is not committed to updating or confirming analysts' expectations or estimates or to publicly correcting any information or event in order to reflect an event or circumstance eventually occurring following this presentation.",neutral,0.0,0.99,0.0,positive,0.76,0.2,0.04,True,English,"['36 APM 75T HE Electric Tractors', ""CÔTE D'IVOIRE TERMINAL"", '24 POWERPACKS LMP®', '6 Charging Stations', 'GAUSSIN', 'Start', 'Delivery', 'H2 Racing Truck World Tour', ""CÔTE D'IVOIRE TERMINAL"", 'APM 75T ""HE"" Hot Environment', '36 APM 75T HE electric tractors', 'zero emission container terminal', 'second container terminal', 'Green Terminal label', 'first container terminal', 'EURONEXT GROWTH ALGAU', 'central purchasing unit', 'hydrogen fuel cells', 'four fast-expanding markets', 'major global players', 'environmental labeling process', 'Advanced Clean Transportation', 'Automotive Guided Vehicles', '100% electric tractor', 'first half', 'environmental terms', 'HÉRICOURT', 'BUSINESS WIRE', '24 POWERPACKS LMP®', '6 charging stations', '2 charging stations', 'electrical equipment', '13 RTG gantries', 'Bureau Veritas', 'promising future', 'preferential rights', 'POWERPACK® LMP®', 'Blue Solutions', 'Ivory Coast', 'Sierra Leone', 'ecological transition', 'strategic pillar', 'development prospects', 'final stretch', 'investment projects', 'Philippe Labonne', 'Next steps', 'Financial results', 'New York', 'Long Beach', 'Los Angeles', 'ACT) Expo', 'Las Vegas', 'San Francisco', 'Québec', 'Charm el-Cheikh', 'engineering company', 'innovative products', 'autonomous technologies', 'self-driving solutions', 'strong reputation', 'strategic partnerships', 'commercial penetration', 'Siemens Postal', 'airport field', 'ST Engineering', 'business model', 'license agreements', 'delivery process', 'intelligent transport', 'Bolloré Transport', 'passenger transport', 'Bolloré Group', 'people mobility', 'BOLLORÉ PORTS', 'other ports', 'historic order', '1.5 million containers', 'full range', '6 quay gantries', 'Framework Agreement', 'new orders', 'Deputy CEO', 'logistics field', 'Airport Logistics', 'port operator', 'port terminals', 'next November', 'SITL Paris', 'Christophe Gaussin', '50,000 vehicles', '3 orders', 'France', 'pioneer', 'goods', 'Abidjan', '14 APMs', 'end', 'April', 'launch', 'turnover', 'Africa', 'capacity', 'year', 'area', '37.5 hectares', '1,100 meters', 'draught', '16 meters', '8 pillars', 'March', 'signature', 'December', 'Unicaf', 'Freetown', 'Discussions', 'strategy', 'commissioning', 'know-how', 'technological', 'aim', 'impact', 'activities', 'Villepinte', 'Zeebrugge', 'Baltimore', 'May', 'Detroit', 'Hyvolution', 'Seattle', 'Vancouver', 'Calgary', 'Winnipeg', 'Ottawa', 'Montreal', 'London', 'July', 'Rotterdam', 'Geneva', 'September', 'Milan', 'Rome', 'Cairo', 'services', 'cargo', 'integration', 'types', 'batteries', 'airports', 'Parcel', 'Bluebus', 'signing', 'diffusion', 'technology', 'acquisition', 'METALLIANCE']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,businesswire.com
2311,EuroNext,Bing API,https://uk.finance.yahoo.com/news/convening-annual-general-meeting-euronext-154500636.html,Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V.,Contacts MediaContact Investor RelationsAmsterdam+31 20 721 4133Brussels+32 2 620 15 50+33 1 70 48 24 27Dublin+353 87 361 2380Lisbon+351 210 600 614 Milan+39 02 72 42 62 12Oslo+47 41 69 59 10 Paris+33 1 70 48 24 45 CONVENING OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF EURONEXT N.,"EuronextContacts Media Contact Investor Relations Amsterdam +31 20 721 4133 Brussels +32 2 620 15 50 +33 1 70 48 24 27 Dublin +353 87 361 2380 Lisbon +351 210 600 614 Milan +39 02 72 42 62 12 Oslo +47 41 69 59 10 Paris +33 1 70 48 24 45CONVENING OF THE ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF EURONEXT N.V.Amsterdam  Brussels  Dublin  Lisbon  Milan  Oslo and Paris – 05 April 2022 – Euronext today announced that the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) will take place on Wednesday 18 May 2022 at 10:30 CEST at Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlands.The agenda for the meeting is as follows:Opening Presentation of the Chief Executive Officer (discussion item) Annual report 2021 Explanation of the policy on additions to reserves and dividends (discussion item) Proposal to adopt the 2021 remuneration report (voting item 1) Proposal to adopt the 2021 financial statements (voting item 2) Proposal to adopt a dividend of €1.93 per ordinary share (voting item 3) Proposal to discharge the members of the Managing Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2021 (voting item 4) Proposal to discharge the members of the Supervisory Board in respect of their duties performed during the year 2021 (voting item 5) Composition of the Supervisory Board Re-appointment of Manuel Ferreira da Silva as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 6) Re-appointment of Padraic O’Connor as a member of the Supervisory Board (voting item 7) Composition of the Managing Board Appointment of Fabrizio Testa as a member of the Managing Board (voting item 8)Proposal to appoint the external auditor (voting item 9) Proposal to designate the Managing Board as the competent body: to issue ordinary shares (voting item 10); and to restrict or exclude the pre-emptive rights of shareholders (voting item 11)Proposal to authorise the Managing Board to acquire ordinary shares in the share capital of the company on behalf of the company (voting item 12) Any other business CloseThe AGM will be conducted in English.Story continuesRegistration date AGMPursuant to Dutch law and Euronext N.V.’s Articles of Association  the persons who will be considered as entitled to attend and vote at the AGM are those persons who are registered as such in the administrations held by their financial intermediaries (the “Shareholders”) on 20 April 2022  after processing of all settlements on that date (the “Registration Date”).Registration and voting instructionsShareholders holding their shares through Euroclear France S.A. (i.e. the public) who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by their financial intermediary or by Euronext Securities Department – BNP PARIBAS Securities Services. Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received by their financial intermediary no later than on 12 May 2022 for receipt no later than on 13 May 2022 by BNP Paribas Securities Service CTS Assemblées Générales  9 rue du Débarcadère  93761 Pantin Cedex  France. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder) and declaration that the shares were in custody with the Euroclear France-admitted institution on the Registration Date. This certificate will serve as the admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Shareholders holding their shares through Interbolsa in Portugal who wish to attend the AGM  provide instructions or grant a power of attorney to vote on their behalf  must complete the form (voting form / attendance card request) provided for this purpose by Euronext Securities Department – BNP PARIBAS Securities Services. Shareholders should be aware that these documents must be received by their financial intermediary no later than on 12 May 2022 for receipt no later than on 13 May 2022 by BNP Paribas Securities Services  PT Local Team  Edificio Art’s  Av. D. Joao II  Lote 1.18.01  Bloco B  1998-028 Lisboa  Portugal. The financial intermediary should deliver to the Shareholder a certificate of holding containing: name and city of residence of the Shareholder; number of shares on the Registration Date; name and city of residence of the attendee (if different from the Shareholder). This certificate will serve as admission certificate for the AGM for the Shareholder.Shareholders are advised to make contact with their financial intermediary in the case of any questions.Persons without a valid admission certificate will not be given access to the meeting. Attendees may be asked for identification prior to being admitted.At the time of the publication of this convening notice  Euronext’s total issued share capital in number of issued shares and in voting rights is published on Euronext’s website at:https://www.euronext.com/en/investor-relations/capital-and-shareholdingWebcastThere will be a live broadcast of the AGM via:https://channel.royalcast.com/landingpage/euronextwebcast/20220518_2/.AGM DocumentationThe AGM Documentation (i.e. this convening notice  the agenda and the explanatory notes thereto including the information on the persons to be appointed to the Supervisory Board and the Managing Board  as well as the 2021 Annual Report) is available:at the registered office of Euronext N.V.: Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The Netherlandsby email request to EuronextCorporateSecretary@euronext.comon Euronext’s website at www.euronext.com/investor-relations/shareholder-meetingsfrom BNP PARIBAS Securities Services CTS Assemblées Générales  9 rue du Débarcadère  93761 Pantin Cedex  France  + 33 1 57 43 02 30Managing Board and Supervisory Board of Euronext N.V.Beursplein 5  1012 JW Amsterdam  The NetherlandsRegistered at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce  under number 60234520CONTACTS MEDIA – mediateam@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen (Europe) +33 1 70 48 24 45 parispressoffice@euronext.com Marianne Aalders (Amsterdam) +31 20 721 41 33 maalders@euronext.com Pascal Brabant (Brussels) +32 2 620 15 50 pbrabant@euronext.com Shannon Sweeney (Dublin) +353 87 361 2380 ssweeney@euronext.com Sandra Machado (Lisbon) +351 210 600 614 smachado@euronext.com Andrea Monzani (Europe/Milan/Rome) +39 02 72 42 62 13 Italypressoffice@euronext.com Cathrine Lorvik Segerlund (Oslo) +47 41 69 59 10 clsegerlund@euronext.com Sarah Mound (Paris) +33 1 70 48 24 45 smound@euronext.comANALYSTS & INVESTORS – ir@euronext.com Aurélie Cohen +33 1 70 48 24 27 ir@euronext.com Clément Kubiak +33 1 70 48 26 33 ckubiak@euronext.comAbout EuronextEuronext is the leading pan-European market infrastructure  connecting European economies to global capital markets  to accelerate innovation and sustainable growth. It operates regulated exchanges in Belgium  France  Ireland  Italy  the Netherlands  Norway and Portugal. With close to 2 000 listed issuers and around €6.9 trillion in market capitalisation as of end December 2021  it has an unmatched blue chip franchise and a strong diverse domestic and international client base. Euronext operates regulated and transparent equity and derivatives markets  one of Europe’s leading electronic fixed income trading markets and is the largest centre for debt and funds listings in the world. Its total product offering includes Equities  FX  Exchange Traded Funds  Warrants & Certificates  Bonds  Derivatives  Commodities and Indices. The Group provides a multi-asset clearing house through Euronext Clearing  and custody and settlement services through Euronext Securities central securities depositories in Denmark  Italy  Norway and Portugal. Euronext also leverages its expertise in running markets by providing technology and managed services to third parties. In addition to its main regulated market  it also operates a number of junior markets  simplifying access to listing for SMEs. For the latest news  go to euronext.com or follow us on Twitter ( twitter.com/ euronext ) and LinkedIn ( linkedin.com/ euronex t ).DisclaimerThis press release is for information purposes only: it is not a recommendation to engage in investment activities and is provided “as is”  without representation or warranty of any kind. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the content  Euronext does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Euronext will not be held liable for any loss or damages of any nature ensuing from using  trusting or acting on information provided. No information set out or referred to in this publication may be regarded as creating any right or obligation. The creation of rights and obligations in respect of financial products that are traded on the exchanges operated by Euronext’s subsidiaries shall depend solely on the applicable rules of the market operator. All proprietary rights and interest in or connected with this publication shall vest in Euronext. This press release speaks only as of this date. Euronext refers to Euronext N.V. and its affiliates. Information regarding trademarks and intellectual property rights of Euronext is available at www.euronext.com/terms-use.© 2022  Euronext N.V. - All rights reserved.The Euronext Group processes your personal data in order to provide you with information about Euronext (the ""Purpose""). With regard to the processing of this personal data  Euronext will comply with its obligations under Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and Council of 27 April 2016 (General Data Protection Regulation  “GDPR”)  and any applicable national laws  rules and regulations implementing the GDPR  as provided in its privacy statement available at: www.euronext.com/privacy-policy. In accordance with the applicable legislation you have rights with regard to the processing of your personal data: for more information on your rights  please refer to: www.euronext.com/data_subjects_rights_request_information. To make a request regarding the processing of your data or to unsubscribe from this press release service  please use our data subject request form at connect2.euronext.com/form/data-subjects-rights-request or email our Data Protection Officer at dpo@euronext.com.Attachment",neutral,0.03,0.92,0.05,mixed,0.29,0.37,0.34,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext N.V.', 'BNP Paribas Securities Service CTS Assemblées Générales', '9 rue du Débarcadère', 'Contacts Media Contact Investor Relations', 'BNP PARIBAS Securities Services', 'Av. D. Joao II', 'Manuel Ferreira da Silva', 'Euroclear France S.A.', 'EURONEXT N.V.', 'Euronext Securities Department', 'Euroclear France-admitted institution', 'Chief Executive Officer', 'Padraic O’Connor', 'attendance card request', 'PT Local Team', 'Annual report 2021 Explanation', 'ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING', 'valid admission certificate', 'Managing Board Appointment', '2021 remuneration report', 'Supervisory Board', 'The Netherlands', 'Opening Presentation', '2021 financial statements', 'ordinary share', 'Fabrizio Testa', 'external auditor', 'competent body', 'pre-emptive rights', 'other business', 'Dutch law', 'financial intermediaries', 'financial intermediary', '93761 Pantin Cedex', 'Edificio Art', 'Bloco B', 'voting rights', 'live broadcast', 'share capital', 'Registration date', 'convening notice', '1012 JW Amsterdam', 'voting instructions', 'voting form', 'Wednesday 18 May', 'discussion item', 'The AGM', 'shares', '12 May', '13 May', 'Brussels', 'Dublin', 'Lisbon', 'Milan', 'Oslo', 'Paris', '05 April', 'place', 'Beursplein', 'agenda', 'policy', 'additions', 'reserves', 'dividends', 'Proposal', 'members', 'respect', 'duties', 'year', 'Composition', 'shareholders', 'company', 'behalf', 'English', 'Story', 'Articles', 'Association', 'persons', 'administrations', '20 April', 'processing', 'settlements', 'public', 'power', 'attorney', 'purpose', 'documents', 'receipt', 'holding', 'name', 'city', 'residence', 'number', 'attendee', 'custody', 'Interbolsa', 'Portugal', 'Lote', 'Lisboa', 'case', 'questions', 'access', 'identification', 'time', 'website', 'investor-relations', 'Webcast', '10:30']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,uk.finance.yahoo.com
2312,EuroNext,Bing API,https://www.morningstar.com/news/business-wire/20220405005955/advicenne-a-case-report-highlights-the-interest-of-a-long-term-treatment-with-adv-7103-in-drta,Advicenne: A Case Report Highlights the Interest of a Long-Term Treatment with ADV-7103 in dRTA,Advicenne (Euronext: ALDVI)  (Paris:ALDVI)  a pharmaceutical company specializing in the development and commercialization of innovative treatments for those suffering from rare renal diseases  today announces a case report published in Journal of Nephrology about a child partly recovering from growth retardation resulting from the long-term control of her metabolic acidosis with ADV-7103.,Advicenne: A Case Report Highlights the Interest of a Long-Term Treatment with ADV-7103 in dRTARegulatory News:Advicenne (Euronext: ALDVI) (Paris:ALDVI)  a pharmaceutical company specializing in the development and commercialization of innovative treatments for those suffering from rare renal diseases  today announces a case report published in Journal of Nephrology about a child partly recovering from growth retardation resulting from the long-term control of her metabolic acidosis with ADV-7103.This case report highlights the importance of both an early diagnosis of distal Renal Tubular Acidosis (dRTA) and an adequate treatment enabling the improved long-term control of metabolic acidosis with a favorable impact on patient’s health. The patient was included in the European trial  ARENA-2 (NCT03644706)  and treated for more than 5 years with ADV-7103. This case supports the interest of ADV-7103 in the treatment of dRTA and the long-term advantage of a bi-daily dosing compared to the usual management of this disease.The scientific paper is referenced below:Boyer  O.  Manso-Silván  M.A.  Joukoff  S. et al. Improved growth of a child with primary distal renal tubular acidosis after switching from a conventional alkalizing treatment to a new prolonged-release formulation containing potassium citrate and potassium bicarbonate: lessons for the clinical nephrologist. J Nephrol (2022).About AdvicenneAdvicenne (Euronext: ALDVI) is a specialty pharmaceutical company founded in 2007  specializing in the development of innovative treatments in Nephrology. Its lead product SibnayalTM (ADV 7103) has received its Marketing Approval for distal renal tubular acidosis in EU and the UK. ADV 7103 is currently in late-stage development in cystinuria in Europe and in dRTA and cystinuria in the US and in Canada. Headquartered in Paris  Advicenne has been listed on the Euronext Paris stock exchange since 2017.For additional information see: https://advicenne.com/.DisclaimerThis press release contains certain forward-looking statements concerning Advicenne group and its business  including its prospects and product candidate development. Such forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that Advicenne considers to be reasonable. However  there can be no assurance that the estimates contained in such forward-looking statements will be verified  which estimates are subject to numerous risks including the risks set forth in the 2020 universal registration document filed with the French Financial market authority on December 6  2021 under number D.21-0962 (a copy of which is available on www.advicenne.com) and to the development of economic conditions  financial markets and the markets in which Advicenne operates. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are also subject to risks not yet known to Advicenne or not currently considered material by Advicenne. The occurrence of all or part of such risks could cause actual results  financial conditions  performance  or achievements of Advicenne to be materially different from such forward-looking statements. Advicenne expressly declines any obligation to update such forward-looking statements.AdvicenneDidier Laurens  CEO+33 (0)1 87 44 40 17Email: investors@advicenne.comConsilium Strategic CommunicationsMary-Jane Elliott  Ashley Tapp  Davide Salvi+44 (0)20 3709 5700Email: advicenne@consilium-comms.comUlysse CommunicationMedia relationsBruno Arabian+33 (0)6 87 88 47 26Email: barabian@ulysse-communication.comView source version on businesswire.com: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220405005955/en/,neutral,0.02,0.92,0.06,mixed,0.26,0.19,0.55,True,English,"['Long-Term Treatment', 'Advicenne', 'Case', 'Interest', 'dRTA', 'primary distal renal tubular acidosis', 'French Financial market authority', 'Euronext Paris stock exchange', 'rare renal diseases', 'new prolonged-release formulation', 'conventional alkalizing treatment', 'specialty pharmaceutical company', 'Consilium Strategic Communications', 'Such forward-looking statements', 'product candidate development', 'metabolic acidosis', 'financial conditions', 'lead product', 'financial markets', 'Long-Term Treatment', 'Regulatory News', 'innovative treatments', 'long-term control', 'early diagnosis', 'adequate treatment', 'favorable impact', 'European trial', 'long-term advantage', 'daily dosing', 'usual management', 'scientific paper', 'Manso-Silván', 'M.A.', 'potassium citrate', 'potassium bicarbonate', 'clinical nephrologist', 'J Nephrol', 'Marketing Approval', 'additional information', 'press release', '2020 universal registration', 'economic conditions', 'actual results', 'Didier Laurens', 'Mary-Jane Elliott', 'Ashley Tapp', 'Davide Salvi', 'Media relations', 'Bruno Arabian', 'source version', 'late-stage development', 'case report', 'growth retardation', 'numerous risks', 'Advicenne group', 'Ulysse Communication', 'Interest', 'dRTA', 'ALDVI', 'commercialization', 'Journal', 'Nephrology', 'child', 'importance', 'patient', 'health', 'ARENA', '5 years', 'ADV-7103', 'Boyer', 'O.', 'Joukoff', 'S.', 'lessons', 'SibnayalTM', 'cystinuria', 'Canada', 'Disclaimer', 'business', 'prospects', 'assumptions', 'assurance', 'estimates', 'December', 'number', 'copy', 'occurrence', 'part', 'performance', 'achievements', 'obligation', 'CEO', 'Email', 'investors', 'barabian', '44', '6']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,morningstar.com
2313,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Convening Of The Annual General Meeting Of Euronext N.V. https://t.co/73heRl7Sm4,nan,Convening Of The Annual General Meeting Of Euronext N.V. https://t.co/73heRl7Sm4,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,neutral,0.02,0.96,0.02,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext N.V', 'The', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext N.V', 'The']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,Unknown
2314,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,HYBRIGENICS (weekly).#ALHYG #EURONEXT #TRADING #PROREALTIME https://t.co/lI8v4p97Da,nan,HYBRIGENICS (weekly).#ALHYG #EURONEXT #TRADING #PROREALTIME https://t.co/lI8v4p97Da,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['HYBRIGENICS', 'EURONEXT', 'TRADING', 'PROREALTIME', 'HYBRIGENICS', 'EURONEXT', 'TRADING', 'PROREALTIME']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,Unknown
2315,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V. https://t.co/noCBQcg0qf,nan,Convening of the Annual General Meeting of Euronext N.V. https://t.co/noCBQcg0qf,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.03,neutral,0.02,0.94,0.03,True,English,"['Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext N.V', 'noCBQcg0qf', 'Annual General Meeting', 'Euronext N.V', 'noCBQcg0qf']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,Unknown
2316,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@LUVEGroup  one of the world's leading manufacturers in the field of air heat exchangers  listed on Euronext Milan … https://t.co/ZS4BpwV4do,nan,@LUVEGroup  one of the world's leading manufacturers in the field of air heat exchangers  listed on Euronext Milan … https://t.co/ZS4BpwV4do,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,neutral,0.02,0.97,0.01,True,English,"['air heat exchangers', 'leading manufacturers', 'Euronext Milan', 'world', 'field', 'ZS4BpwV4do', 'air heat exchangers', 'leading manufacturers', 'Euronext Milan', 'world', 'field', 'ZS4BpwV4do']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,Unknown
2317,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,Watch live 📺The European Affairs Committee is hearing from Stephane Boujnah  CEO of @Euronext  and Michael Dobson … https://t.co/yQgPuXZcUW,nan,Watch live 📺The European Affairs Committee is hearing from Stephane Boujnah  CEO of @Euronext  and Michael Dobson … https://t.co/yQgPuXZcUW,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,neutral,0.03,0.95,0.02,True,English,"['The European Affairs Committee', 'Stephane Boujnah', 'Michael Dobson', 'CEO', 'yQgPuXZcUW', 'The European Affairs Committee', 'Stephane Boujnah', 'Michael Dobson', 'CEO', 'yQgPuXZcUW']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,Unknown
2318,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,.@sanofi will list its API company EUROAPI on the @euronext_fr stock exchange in Paris on May 6. Each of the French… https://t.co/VTVNtoyBnC,nan,.@sanofi will list its API company EUROAPI on the @euronext_fr stock exchange in Paris on May 6. Each of the French… https://t.co/VTVNtoyBnC,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,neutral,0.04,0.94,0.02,True,English,"['API company', 'sanofi', 'EUROAPI', 'Paris', 'May', 'VTVNtoyBnC', 'API company', 'sanofi', 'EUROAPI', 'Paris', 'May', 'VTVNtoyBnC']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,Unknown
2319,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,@Lok17501302 The dividends for the stock's Euronext Netherlands &amp; NYSE listings have already been paid out. We are… https://t.co/GZkHkVNx61,nan,@Lok17501302 The dividends for the stock's Euronext Netherlands &amp; NYSE listings have already been paid out. We are… https://t.co/GZkHkVNx61,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,neutral,0.05,0.9,0.05,True,English,"['Euronext Netherlands', 'NYSE listings', 'Lok17501302', 'dividends', 'stock', 'GZkHkVNx61', 'Euronext Netherlands', 'NYSE listings', 'Lok17501302', 'dividends', 'stock', 'GZkHkVNx61']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,Unknown
2320,EuroNext,Twitter API,Twitter,pump before &amp; after Euronext open at 3:00 am EDT - all but gone.  NQ red &amp;  just made a OVN session low  ES red &amp; m… https://t.co/ALxPrqWDns,nan,pump before &amp; after Euronext open at 3:00 am EDT - all but gone.  NQ red &amp;  just made a OVN session low  ES red &amp; m… https://t.co/ALxPrqWDns,neutral,0.02,0.72,0.25,neutral,0.02,0.72,0.25,True,English,"['OVN session', 'pump', 'Euronext', 'NQ', 'ALxPrqWDns', '3:00', 'OVN session', 'pump', 'Euronext', 'NQ', 'ALxPrqWDns', '3:00']",2022-04-05,2022-04-05,Unknown
